Chapter 1: Something in the Water
    




Chapter Text
The whir of the generators is deafening, the interlocking network of pipes and tubes stretching for miles overhead. The room smells heavily of chlorine as it treats the water in the pipes, the chemical mixture strong enough to make a normal man dizzy if exposed for too long. Steve barely even notices it.He's running across one of the catwalks now, feet pounding across the metal grates and drains on the floor. Long, metal pipes run across the ceiling and along the walls, surrounding him on all sides and leading to a large tank in the middle of the room. There's a heavy rumbling of machinery and turbines and the air seems to vibrate around him as he runs. The main tank should be right up ahead, in the center of the complex. That's where he'll find him."Tony, I need your help down here," he mumbles as he runs, bounding up a metal staircase two and three steps at a time."Just a sec, dear. I'm in the middle of something," Tony's voice sing-songs back over the earpiece and Steve frowns."Tony, I'm serious.""So am I. Keep your star-spangled pants on and I'll be there in a minute."Steve is about to retort when he reaches the landing of the staircase, his eyes drifting across the flat platform and landing on the solitary figure standing near the edge of the tank. The man's back is to him, shoulders straight and head held high like he's a casual observer in all this. His clothes are spotless and he's leaning against the railing surrounding the tank carelessly like a tourist taking in one of the popular hot spots. Had it not been for the fact that he'd shot two of his coworkers and planted a bomb in the middle of the complex, Steve would have almost mistaken him for a worker who had gotten lost in the chaos.The man hears him approaching and turns around, greeting him with a warm smile. He's in his mid-fifties with salt-and-pepper hair that matches the stubble of a goatee forming along his chin and jaw. He's small, his stature thin and wiry like a stick figure come to life, but Steve knows better than to assume anything about his appearance. This man was a murderer and he planned on doing something horrible in this building before the end of the day."Good afternoon, Captain," the man greets happily like he's been looking forward to saying that for a long time now. "So happy you could join me today.""Dr. Inman," Steve began carefully, taking a cautious step forward toward the man standing near the tank. "Please listen to me. You don't have to do this. Whatever you have planned, whatever your intentions are…it doesn't have to be like this.""Oh, but you see, it does," Inman says, smiling just slightly in a manner that's just a bit maniacal. "This needs to happen, Captain. Don't you see? The people need to know. They need to know how vulnerable they are, how helpless their lives would be without my direction. They need to understand that I'm doing this for their own good, just so they understand their faults."Steve takes another step forward but suddenly there a gun pointed in his direction, the barrel aimed at his head. "Please don't come any closer, Captain. I've already had to shoot two people today and I can tell you I'm not anxious for you to be the third. It's a nasty business, guns. My method is so much more powerful…it has a much bigger message."Steve stops, weighing his options carefully. He needs to get Inman away from that tank, prevent him from doing anything that might affect the water supply. The swirling tank of water behind him empties out into the pipes that bring clean tap water to millions of people in upper New York. Steve isn't sure what he's planning but it can't be good, whatever it is. Inman had already attempted to bomb one of the other buildings, it wouldn't be outside the realms of possibility for him to do the same thing in here. "Tony, anytime you could get over here would be great. I could really use your help down here.""Little busy here, Cap. Doing some pretty delicate work on this end."Steve inwardly curses and turns his attention back to the crazed scientist standing a few feet away. "What is this message you're trying to send, Dr. Inman? What are you planning to do?"Inman smiles that same calm, slightly chaotic smile and keeps his gun leveled at Steve's head. "Oh, my dear Captain, my plan is already in motion. It's been in the works for weeks now but today it takes its first steps into completion. All it really took was a bit of tinkering here and there; a few settings changed here, a filter moved there. All completely unnoticed by the "professionals" who are supposed to work in this building." His voice takes on a bitter tone, one full of anger and loathing. "They knew I was right, they knew that our system was weak and flawed and too easily corrupted.""I tried to tell them. I tried to explain the faults in the machinery, the chinks in the armor that would eventually lead to our downfall. I told them how easy it would be to destroy th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Hurt Steve
Steve Feels
Protective Team
Sickfic
Sick Steve
gratuitous whump
Why is Steve so pretty when he's hurt?
I'm a terrible person
Team Fluff
So much fluff you guys...

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Bruce Banner

