Chapter 1: To Punish
    




Chapter Text
Steve steps into the elevator of his apartment building and presses the button for his floor. Just as the doors are closing, a figure in a dark suit and green tie darts in with him. “What floor?” Steve enquires.
“Yours,” says a vaguely familiar voice.
Steve looks up to see if it’s one of his neighbors and immediately tenses. “Loki? What are you doing here? Why aren’t you in Asgard?”
“Good evening, Captain. I escaped,” he replies simply. “I disliked Asgard’s idea of justice, so I left.”
The soldier notices the small duffel bag the god is carrying. “Too difficult?” His eyes dart around to determine if anything might be useful in a fight. There’s nothing.
“Too boring,” the Trickster corrects. “Too lenient. And I am here, because I was hoping you might rectify that.”
“Me? How?”
The elevator doors open before Loki can answer. They step out into the corridor, but Steve makes no other move. “I want you to pass sentence on me and deliver my punishment,” the god replies as he leads the way to the soldier’s apartment.
“Why me?” The soldier has no choice but to follow.
“Because you are the only one I trust. I know you will be fair and that you will understand why I need this.” He stops at Steve’s door.
“I’m sorry. I don’t understand. Is this some kind of trick? Or a test?”
“No, Captain,” Loki says with slight impatience. “I wish to be punished so that I may be redeemed. I know what I did was wrong. I know I must pay. But I wish to do so in a manner that will wipe away the stain of my deeds…at least to myself,” the Liesmith tells him. “I believe you can do that for me. I believe you can give me the punishment I deserve.” He hands Captain America the bag he’s been carrying. “In here are various items you might find useful.” The soldier refuses to take it. “Please, let us go inside. I will explain further. I promise.”
Steve doesn’t trust the Trickster. “Open the bag. Show me the contents.”
Loki unzips the duffel and widens the opening so that the Captain can see inside. There appears to be various ropes and some handcuffs. Nothing seems particularly dangerous. Steve nods and unlocks the door. He takes the bag from Loki before they both step inside.
The apartment is comprised of three rooms. There’s a tiny kitchen, a tiny bathroom, and an only slightly larger space that contains a small bed, a nightstand, a tv, a card table, and two chairs. “How Spartan,” the Trickster says upon entering. “Does the government not pay for your housing?”
“New York is expensive,” is all the soldier says as he walks to the table. He puts the duffel bag on top and takes off the brown leather jacket he’s wearing over a white dress shirt. He offers one of the seats to the god before taking the other. “I’m sorry, I still don’t understand. Why me? Why not Thor or Stark or one of the others?”
“Quite simply because they are not you. Stark did not leave me with a good impression. He is a drunkard and too full of himself. Agent Romanoff would interrogate me or try to punish me psychologically. That is not what I seek. Dr. Banner is too meek, and the Hulk is too violent. Agent Barton…Agent Barton might be interesting, actually, but as he is one of my victims, I felt he would not be as controlled as you. I do not believe he can give me what I need, and quite simply I do not want it to be him. And Thor…Well, Thor would just take me back to Asgard. Does that help explain?”
Steve shrugs and begins pulling items out of the bag. There are two handcuffs and several pieces of rope as he had first seen. But then he pulls out a riding crop and a wooden paddle. There’s also a small whip, a black sleeping mask, and various handkerchiefs. He additionally finds a box of matches and a sheathed blade. And down in one of the corners is a package of condoms and a bottle of K-Y Jelly. He carefully puts those on the table and looks up at the god with questioning eyes.
“In case you…decide…desire…to…,” he licks his lips.
“And that’s punishment you’re okay with?”
“Well, to be honest, I wouldn’t exactly consider that punishment.”
“You wouldn’t?” The soldier slowly asks, “So you’d be okay with me…?”
Loki looks directly into the Captain’s blue eyes and confesses, “I would be more than okay with you entering me…should you feel the need. Now perhaps you understand why it has to be you.”
Steve can’t look into those green eyes anymore. If he were to do…that with the god…Loki wouldn’t be his first. Well, he would be the first guy. He’d also be the first one not paid by anyone. (Bucky paid for the first. Tony paid the second. Steve found out about both during the encounters but before the actual sex. He wouldn’t have slept with them if they had been nice girls.)
“But the primary purpose of all this is to punish me,” Loki explains, trying to bring the Captain back to the present, to bring the focus back to the bag’s other contents. “You may do that however you think best. You are in charge. You can do whatever you like to me.”
Steve looks at t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Loki
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark/Thor
Pepper Potts/Jane Foster
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanoff
Logan/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
BDSM
Bondage
Whipping
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Masturbation
Kinks
Porn With Plot
Soap Opera

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Loki
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark/Thor
Pepper Potts/Jane Foster
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanoff
Logan/Bruce Banner

