Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Friday
 Darcy Lewis did a bad thing.She ate a glowing fruit.It was just asking to happen, really. She just happened to be the one that gave in to temptation.She was currently in attendance at Jane and Thor’s wedding in Asgard (yeah, you heard that right - in Asgard), the ceremony was over, pronouncing Thor and Jane as ‘Thunder God and Wife’, and it was now evening and everyone was enjoying the wedding banquet and dancing under the Asgardian night sky.And when Darcy said everyone, she meant everyone. Apparently, Thor had made a lot of friends over his reeeeally long lifespan. Thousands of Asgardians were in attendance, along with Darcy, Dr Selvig and the Avengers, a smattering of Light Elves and dwarves, the royal court of the Vanir, and even a few Frost Giants that Thor was able to make peace with. It was weird, but also totally awesome, and made for a very interesting and varied banquet to suit every species dietary needs.Which included glowing fruit. Apparently they were some kind of Light Elf variety.Earlier when everyone had all lined up to get their servings, Natasha Romanoff, who was looking very pretty and elegant in a light gossamer blue dress with golden armor accents, said in a hushed and serious tone in Darcy’s ear, “Don’t eat anything you don’t recognize.”Which was probably good advice, on account of Natasha being a professional assassin trained in espionage and all, which meant she was smart and overly suspicious of certain things, like alien food, on principle. But this was freakin’ glowing fruit, and Darcy wanted some! Besides…Thor hadn’t cautioned her against eating anything. And since, you know, he was Asgardian and had visited all these other realms and had sampled their food, he probably knew if something was poisonous or not. Probably.So, against Natasha’s advice, Darcy had palmed a glowing fruit (when the Black Widow wasn’t looking, of course) and then filled the golden plate she had been handed with some roasted meat and potatoes that looked pretty good, and some salad greens. When she sat to eat she put the glowing fruit in her lap, out of eyesight. The normal stuff turned out to be actually quite tasty. Asgardians know how to throw it down, apparently. When she was done with everything on her plate, her mouth watered as she eyed her last remaining delicacy held within the folds of her dark purple dress.The fruit was about the size and consistency of an apricot, but a gentle pulse of white-gold light emanated from its core. At this point, most of the other humanoids that had come with her on this trip to Asgard had finished eating as well and were going in for seconds. She took a quick sweeping look of her table, making sure no one was watching, and popped the whole fruit into her mouth. She had to hold back a moan of satisfaction. It burst on her tongue like a sweet juicy cherry, but the flavor it imparted was much more intense. She tried to discern the other flavors she was tasting.Maybe somewhere between…honey and pomegranate and cream. But even then that didn’t capture the essence of the flavor. Maybe if starlight had a flavor, that’s what this glowing fruit would taste like, Darcy decided. Too soon there was nothing to do but swallow it. She noted that it didn’t have a seed. As soon as it slid down her throat she mourned the loss of it, and considered going in for seconds.That notion quickly left her head as soon as she stood up. The world had suddenly turned into a shimmering, rippling wonderland. Darcy gasped in delight as she saw shimmering light of various colors emanating from all directions. She realized as she looked around that the light was coming from everyone around her.“Whoa,” she said, as she watched the wedding guests who had already congregated on the dance floor elegantly sway together to the music. Everyone had their own individual color, and it followed them with every sweeping turn they made as they danced. She noticed that most of the elves had the same forest green light rippling around them, but all the other species did not match in color. Like a moth to a flame, she stepped onto the dance floor and randomly starting dancing with an achingly gorgeous Vanirian nobleman, who had a golden light surrounding him and a grin on his face as he looked down at her good-naturedly, sweeping her up into the spirited dance. She danced in ecstatic joy for she didn’t know how long, switching from dance partner to dance partner. As the night drew on, the effects of the glowing fruit grew more intense, and as she twirled under the stars she realized she could really see the stars for what they truly were for the first time. They were bright and fiery and more intense than any firework she had ever seen! In fact…she realized that the intensity slightly frightened her. Especially since she could see some stars wilting and shooting down from the sky, as if they were going to strike her. She gasped in fright and clung to her current dance partner, a r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Asgard
smutty smut smut

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

