Chapter 1: Pepper
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

29.12.2007 
Of course, Tony has to call Pepper when she has her few precious days off for Christmas.As soon as she sees the number on the screen of her phone, she goes up to her old room and closes the door, knowing that this is very likely to end in a shouting match and her family definitely doesn’t need such a questionable pleasure.When she says hello to the phone in her hand, she is half-expecting a call from prison or some remote location where Tony got lost, or maybe a drunken brag or a set of complains about how stupid insert name is. She certainly doesn’t expect Tony to speak quietly, sounding tired, unsure, but with a certain powerful note.‘How do you make the best tomato soup?’ he asks simply and Pepper blinks, dumbfounded.‘What?’‘How do you make the best tomato soup?’ Tony repeats in the same calm voice and then Pepper knows something is very wrong.‘Oh god, it’s Christmas, what have you got yourself into this time?!’ she exclaims, running her hand through her hair unconsciously, messing up the carefully crafted hairstyle.‘I just need to make tomato soup because I can’t call caterers and I know that you can answer my question and I promise I will behave and no gossip rag appearance for a month? No PR disasters for a month, come one, just in exchange for one simple –’‘Don’t try to sweet-talk me,’ Pepper cuts in angrily. Everyone is waiting for her downstairs and she gets to see them once a year and he calls to ask for a recipe? That’s a whole new level of absurd.‘Please,’ Tony adds, his voice cracking a bit over the connection. ‘I will explain everything when you are back.’This is a bad decision, Pepper tells herself, nothing good has ever come from such promise. But she sits on the edge of her bed, playing with her ponytail and ruining her hair further and instructs him in Tony-language on making tomato soup.‘You are an angel,’ he tells her before hanging up; that is out of character, and she doesn’t even get to say bye. Or shout at him.She tries not to wonder what the whole call was about, but she can’t stop thinking for the next three days. By the end of the family reunion, like every year, she decides that the time spent with relatives is precious and necessary, but full six days of doing nothing, being called Ginny and listening to embarrassing stories from her childhood and comments about how she is wasting her carrier opportunities being Stark’s PA is a bit too much.  On December 29th she is back in Malibu. There are a few things that she still needs to take care of very soon. One of them, according to a message on her phone, is now to cancel Tony’s reservation for Barcelona for the New Year’s eve. It is last minute, but not something that he hasn’t done before – just why, Pepper really wants to know why.The answer becomes pretty obvious as she finally enters the room where Tony is – one of the guest rooms, JARVIS informed her – and there is a small kid sitting on the floor, a scrawny dark-haired boy that can’t be older than six; he seems to be playing with the action figure that he has in his hand, but Pepper can’t quite figure what exactly he is doing.And Tony, when she stops in the door, he gets up from the floor where he was sitting next to the boy. He’s clean shaven but has dark bags under eyes; Pepper can tell that he is exhausted, but at the same time he looks genuinely happy, and that doesn’t happen so often, she is the one who knows best.‘This is Evelyn,’ Tony says simply, standing next to her and following her gaze.‘Ohmygod,’ Pepper breathes, blinking, suddenly realizing that it’s really happening; it’s rather hard to believe in what she’s seeing. ‘I knew this was going to happen one day, I just knew it – that’s why you called me? You need to feed –’‘My son.’‘– your son? Your son? Ah,’ Pepper takes a few deep breaths, trying not to panic. Tony makes this I am sorry I wanted good this time I promise face that he’s learned works best on her. That is very, very mean, she decides.The kid doesn’t seem to acknowledge their presence at all, focusing all his attention on the set of action figures that he has in front of him. He doesn’t seem to play, now that she’s been observing him for a longer moment, he just moves them from one place to another methodically, hands moving quicker and quicker, shoulders tensing; Pepper has just spent enough time with all her young cousins to recognize that there’s going to be a tantrum soon –‘Easy there. Try heptagon now,’ Tony calls from her right, and the boy seems to relax a tiniest bit and starts to reconfigure the toys yet again. In a few moments, the figures are standing in lines, creating a neat figure.Then he tears the setup down and jerks his head, as if nodding abruptly, before starting to set the toys again.Pepper looks away from the boy – Evelyn, she reminds herself, but the word sounds strange on her tongue – to stare at Tony. He’s o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Autism
Ableism
Misunderstandings
Fluff and Angst
Team Dynamics
Domestic
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parents & Children
Time Skips

fandom: 
None
