Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony didn’t think he needed to be here and not just because he didn’t think he needed therapy, let alone group therapy. No, he didn’t want to be stuffed into some sub support group because he wasn’t a sub, nothing against them. But that wasn’t him, he had zero inclination to submit to anyone, thanks, and he didn’t much appreciate people telling him that he should. What harm did it do to let him do his own thing? None was the answer but no, ever since presentation at puberty and his distinct lack of natural sub instincts he’s been poked and prodded at by assholes wondering why he wasn’t quite right. The doctors didn’t much like it when he told them that he wasn’t wrong, their narrow ideas of biology were.Needless to say this was bound to be a horrible experience that ended in everyone hating him for being annoying an uncooperative just like it always did. How this was supposed to help he had no clue but his therapist insisted he try it at least once. If it wasn’t for the call to Pepper to make sure he went he wouldn’t have even bothered but apparently patient-doctor confidentiality was fine to ignore if your patient was uncooperative. And the guy wondered why Tony didn’t talk. Gee, it was a real fucking wonder. He throws himself into a chair that was as close to the fringe of the group as he could get when they were all sitting in a circle. Christ, he could hear them all singing kumbaya already.The guy next to him shifts slightly, giving him an odd look and yeah, Tony too bud, no need to stare. But it’s the woman on his other side that says something, “you shouldn’t be here,” she says with a slight edge to her voice. He sighs and pulls a paper out of his pocket and hands it to her without even bothering to look at her. “This can’t be right,” she says after reading the results.“I don’t much think so but hey, the tests all say I’m a sub. So uh, sorry about this,” he mumbles, taking his paper back. Everyone looks just a bit uncomfortable and yeah, throwing a Dom into a group of abused subs will do that to them. Granted it was entirely possible that another sub or a switch abused them but statistically speaking that wasn’t the most likely situation. He told the therapist that but no, Tony didn’t know what he was talking about. It stood to reason that he knew his body and his urges best but life has informed him that if you don’t fit what everyone thinks you are you must be wrong. Whatever. When the therapy leady guy walks in he questions Tony’s presence too so Tony hands off his test results to him too.“Are you sure this is right? Maybe they messed up the paperwork or something,” the guy says.“Oh trust me, the results are right, scientists have been experimenting on me since puberty,” he says bluntly. The guy next to him flinches and Tony ignores that because he didn’t want to know what fucking sob story led to that reaction.“I… that sounds horrible,” the guy says.Tony shrugs, “ehh, sometimes I got good drugs.” And he spent a lot of time away from home, which was a fucking blessing. Then he was shipped off to boarding school, which he hated, and then his parents died- his father’s fault. Then he was stuck with a company and a bunch of other responsibilities he never wanted. He guess he’s made the best of it given the circumstances, Stark Industries was starting to take off like never before, doing better than it ever had under his father’s control. But according to Obi people trusted married business people better and Tony fucking refused to do any of that. Publicly no one knew what his orientation was and he was going to keep it that way, regardless of what Obi thought of that decision. Personally Tony thought the whole think was stupid considering most of the married guys he did business with cheated on their partners anyways. That fostered trust how, exactly? It didn’t help that Obi didn’t know his orientation either and he seemed damn intent on finding out.Therapist Guy, Sam, was a genuinely nice person so Tony felt a little bad for being largely uncooperative but he wasn’t playing this game. Also why should he feel bad for telling these subs they should have drop kicked their Doms out a window, they were absolute assholes, they should be drop kicked. The guy beside him quietly snickers every time Tony makes a disgusted noise and makes a new violent suggestion. The one guy thought ripping off his exes eyebrows and sewing them to her ass was hilarious so clearly he was doing the world some good.Eventually Sam sighs, “I’m legally obligated to tell you not to take revenge, especially if it’s violent,” he says, giving Tony a look.“Oh, we’re going for non-violent? Fine. Stick shrimp in their curtain rods, glue all their small change together, put bugs in their shoes, buy a chicken and set it loose in their home, hide eggs somewhere in their car and wait, change the Netflix password right as they get to the season finale of whatever they’re watching. I could go on but you all get the poi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Angst and Humor
Dom/sub
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Tony Stark
I Don't Even Know
Mental Health Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
past abusive relationships
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Everyone Has Issues
Tags May Change
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Non-Sexual Submission
Non-Sexual Kink
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Slow Burn
It wasn't meant to be that way
but here we are
Sensual BDSM

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

