Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Winter Soldier slipped in silently through an access door, senses alert for any indication that security had been breached. Unsettlingly, nothing happened. The Soldier ghosted through hallways, avoiding the nighttime cleaning crew and cameras alike. He found the Tower’s security room and found it empty. Most of the systems were offline. He bared his teeth in an expression that was almost a smile. That fit him these days. Almost. He was almost the Asset, almost Bucky Barnes, hovering somewhere on the edge between the two, almost broken, almost sane. Right now, though, he had a mission.
He ran up the emergency stairs, super soldier body pushing him up floor after floor, and picked the lock to the penthouse. A quick sweep of the floor told him the man he was looking for wasn’t there. Frustration built up in the back of his throat, and the Soldier dropped several floors back down, boots light as he landed, going for the next most likely place. His shoulder grated with every movement, sending searing pain through the mechanical arm. It was still functional, mostly. He hadn’t been able to rotate it fully to check, the agony whiting out his vision before he got to the top.
The Soldier stepped into the workshop, taking it in at a glance. The room was in disarray, broken glass and twisted metal scattered over everything. Pieces of paper lay among the remains of abandoned projects. A single computer was on, holographic display showing a decayed sphere of code in flickering orange light. In the middle of it all, Tony Stark was collapsed face down on the floor, a bottle of amber liquid tipped over beside him. Clustered around him were three robotic arms that were all waving themselves in a manner that could only be called agitated, prodding at their unresponsive creator and making distressed beeping noises. When the Winter Soldier strode forward, they crowded in front of him, beeping louder, blocking his attempts to get to the engineer on the floor. He tried to push them away, shoving at the appendages holding him back, but they stubbornly continued to impede his movements.
He could feel anger climbing up his chest, throbbing with the pain in his arm. He gritted his teeth, shoving harder, making his shoulder scream. The bot in the middle was the most aggressive, and he focused on that one, trying to get around it. The way it beeped and whirred at him had a cadence, almost a chittering sort of nonsensical speech that nonetheless held something like urgency, and fear. It wanted to protect its creator. Well, the Soldier needed Tony Stark alive too. He had lived so long inside walls of silence that sometimes just remembering he could speak took effort, but fuck this, he was better than a robotic arm.
“I’m trying to help!”
The words burst out, an expression of emotion that took them both by surprise. The bots stilled, and Bucky found himself suddenly breathing hard. Then the lead arm rotated its claw, twisting it first one way and then the other, and he got the feeling it was looking at him. Finally it retreated, going back to nudge Stark in the arm. The other two arms followed suit, trailing after him as the Soldier came to kneel in front of the engineer.
Stark made incoherent mumbling noises when the Soldier shifted him, checking pulse and breath against clammy skin. Not dead yet, then. That was good. That was about the only good thing right now. He picked up the bottle from its small puddle on the floor and held it up. It was whiskey, or it had been. About an inch of the amber liquid remained, and the Soldier turned to the robot hovering over his shoulder. “DUM-E” it said along the base in white lettering.
“How much was in here when he started?” It was easier, he found, to stay outside walls that were already broken than to try to break through after they’d built up again. “Half the bottle?”
DUM-E waved its claw vertically in a gesture that was obviously a nod.
“He eat anything?”
This time it was a horizontal side-to-side motion. No.
Bucky let out a long breath. He had not thought this was going to be easy, but neither had he anticipated having this particular difficulty. Ignoring the pain in his shoulder, he got his arms around the unconscious engineer’s torso, pulling him up. Stark made it about three inches off the floor before he vomited, flooding the Soldier’s nose with the stink of alcohol and bile.
He grimaced and then vaguely surprised himself by muttering, “You’re cleaning this up tomorrow.”
Bucky wrestled Stark into something that approximated a sitting position and then hoisted him onto his back, letting his head hang limply over his shoulder. “Don’t you dare throw up on me,” he told the man, not expecting a reply, or any sort of compliance really. It was strange. For so long, silence had been right, had been safe. Speech had been an effort, and rarely worthwhile. More often than not it had meant pain. Now he found himself reaching for it, grasping at it in an attempt to escape t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
BECAUSE CIVIL WAR IS MADE OF SAD
Fix-It of Sorts
more like it preempts some things
Light Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Grief
descriptions of canon-typical violence
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
mentions of period-typical homophobia
admitting fear does not make you weak
Polyamory
eventual stuckony
Pre-OT3

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

