Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky braces his hands on his hips, and tilts his head to the side, expression caught somewhere between anxious, confused, and nervous. “Well, shit.”
“Yeah,” Steve agrees, worrying at his bottom lip, and rubbing at the back of his neck. “That can’t be good.”
They glance at each other, share a helpless little shrug, then look back at the hospital beds, and the two pale, unconscious figures tucked under several layers of blankets. If it weren’t for the machines attached to both of them, and the monitors displaying two steady heartbeats, the bodies would look almost dead, they’re so still. No twitching fingers, no fluttering eyelids. Nothing. 
Steve automatically lifts his arm when Bucky turns towards him, wrapping it around Bucky’s shoulders while Bucky curls into his side, and tucks his face away against Steve’s throat, shivering ever so slightly. It’s been a difficult couple of months for Bucky since the Project Insight mess, and Steve can only imagine what it must be doing to him right now, having the control, and the agency he’s worked so hard to regain ripped away from him again. Steve pushes his nose into Bucky’s hair, breathing him in, then presses a kiss to the crown of his head. “Someone’ll figure it out, Buck. Someone always does.” 
As if on cue, the door to the infirmary crashes open, and Tony—still in his torn undersuit, with half of his face caked in dried blood from a wound above his right eye—storms into the room, the rest of the team, and a harried looking doctor not far behind. Tony skids to a halt next to the first bed, and reaches out as if to touch the man on it, but pulls his hand back at the last moment, and starts tapping his fingers against his chest instead. His voice is raw, and cracks when he asks, “What do we know, doc?”
“Not much, I’m afraid,” says the doctor, and steps up between the beds to check the equipment. “They’re stable, as far as we can tell, but there aren’t any guarantees when magic is involved. For all intents and purposes, Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes entered a comatose state immediately upon being hit, and there haven’t been any changes since.” 

Steve watches with a surreal sense of detachment as the doctor adjusts the IV in his hand—or, rather, the hand of the body Steve used to occupy, and is currently staring at because he’s very much not inside that body—and then does the same to Bucky, before she starts to explain treatment options. Part of Steve wants to scream, to shake his friends, and yell at them that they’re both standing right here, but they’ve tried that to no avail for the last couple of hours. Whatever, or wherever, Bucky and he are at the moment—Ghosts? Spirits? Spectres? Trapped somewhere? Between worlds?—no one can see, hear, or feel them.
“For the time being, however,” the doctor finishes, sounding genuinely apologetic, “there isn’t anything to be done. I suggest everyone get some food, and rest. And Mister Stark, you should really let me have a look at that cut of yours.” 
“I’m fine,” Tony insists automatically, but doesn’t fight it when Natasha, gentle but firm, pushes him down into one of the visitors chairs. “Tis but a scratch.”
Bucky huffs out a quiet laugh at that, turning his head just enough to see Tony without dislodging himself from Steve. Right after Sam and Steve had brought Bucky in from the cold, there had been few things Bucky could enjoy without fear of triggering something unpleasant, be it food, sports, music, or films. But then, one night, Steve had woken up to find Bucky gone from their bed, and, heart beating wildly, had run through half the tower in search of his missing boyfriend. He’d eventually found him up in the penthouse, curled up in one corner of Tony’s massive couch, a fuzzy blanket draped over him, a cup of steaming hot chocolate with mini marshmallows in his hands, and grinning along to Tony’s running commentary of the movie up on the screen. Monty Python, as it had turned out, was just silly enough to be perfect for Bucky. 
Bruce, Clint, Sam, and Thor are shuffling out of the room, talking among themselves in hospital appropriate hushed tones, while Natasha moves to stand behind Tony, hands on his shoulders in silent support. Tony tips his head back against her stomach, and allows his eyes to flutter shut, hissing and grimacing when the doctor starts cleaning, and then stitching up his cut. The whole thing doesn’t take more than ten minutes, and after making sure everything’s working properly once more, the doctor excuses herself with a stern reminder for Tony to go, and catch some sleep. 
Steve as well as Natasha know him better than that, though. Natasha walks around to stand in front of Tony, pinning him with a pointed look. “I’ll get you a sandwich, and you’re going to eat it. And drink at least two glasses of water with your pain meds.” The way she says it makes it clear that refusing isn’t an option. “And you’re going to bed after having dinner with the rest of us,” she cont
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soul Bond
Established James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Developing James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Getting Together
First Kiss
Magical Accidents
Magic
Out of Body Experiences
Insecure Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Blames Himself
Self-Doubt
Light Angst
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
True Love
True Love's Kiss
Love Confessions
Explicit Sexual Content
Fluff and Smut
POV Steve Rogers
Fairytale ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

