Chapter 1: Sugar
    




Chapter Text
 The first time Steve sees Bucky Barnes, he knows he is so fucked.
 It’s not unusual to see other Stark Industries personnel going in and out of Tony’s lab – delivering shipments of parts, bringing projects from Research and Development for Tony’s assessment and feedback – but never before has Steve walked into the lab and seen someone set up at what appears to be their own work station, tinkering with mechanical parts Steve doesn’t recognize.
He can’t be older than 20.
Golden skin and grey eyes with sinfully long eyelashes, a chaotic nest of gelled curls on his head, wearing an almost-transparent grey t-shirt paired with impossibly tight black jeans over his endless legs. He looks up when Steve comes into the lab – summoned by Tony to check out the latest suit redesign – and bites down on his plush lower lip and smiles shyly at Steve.
So, so fucked.
“Hey,” the kid says easily, and he is a kid because he’s at least ten years younger than Steve, and Steve should really not be staring at his mouth. “Looking for Tony? He got a call from Pepper and disappeared, so… he could be back in a minute or like, never.”
“Oh. Okay. I was just – I mean, nothing important. I’m fine. It’s fine,” Steve says haltingly, like a grade A moron.
“I’m Bucky, by the way. Bucky Barnes,” the kid – Bucky – says, rising out of his seat and coming around the desk with his hand held out. He’s got grease on his very attractive hands that somehow make them more attractive.
“Steve Rogers,” Steve says automatically, putting out his own hand.
“Yeah. I mean, I know,” Bucky says with an easy laugh, and they shake hands.
Bucky’s index finger strokes over the pulse point on the inside of Steve’s wrist.
“Are you working for Stark, or…?” Steve asks, snatching his hand back and trying to make it seem smooth and natural. That had to have been an accident, right?
“Kind of. I won the Stark Award for Innovation in Robotics for my doctoral research?” Bucky says, like it’s a question. “So Tony wanted to see what I was working on, you know, took an interest in it, and invited me to work out of his lab.”
Doctoral research, Steve thinks. That’s grad school. This kid looks like he couldn’t have finished his undergrad, but he probably just looks young for his age. Okay. He can deal with that. His brain is still fizzing with inappropriate lust but if Bucky is actually 25 or something he feels a lot better about it.
“Capsicle! I see you’ve met my protégé, the wonder child, my new favorite – offence intended,” Tony calls, emerging from one of those many hidden doors dotted around his lab that Steve doesn’t understand the purpose of. “He almost beat my record, you know – just got his doctorate at two months past 20. I managed it two months before 20. Alas, you will always be trapped standing in my shadow, Buckaroo.”
Fuck, thinks Steve. Fuck fuck fuckity fuck damn Christ on a cracker fuck.
Tony crosses to stand beside Bucky, clapping a friendly hand on his shoulder and smiling widely. Steve’s own smile feels frozen on his face.
“Yeah, what a damn shame that I graduated from MIT and have been invited to work with Tony Stark when I am so positively ancient,” Bucky says, rolling his eyes. “I’ll probably expire of old age before I can even get anything done and nobody will notice because of that blanketing shadow you cast.”
“What are you working on?” Steve manages to ask like a normal person, and tries not to stare when Bucky swipes his tongue over his lower lip.
“Neuro-cybernetic prosthesis for amputees,” Bucky says, eyes lighting up over the topic. “My dad was a vet and lost his arm before he died – I’m working on robotic prosthetics that have a neural uplink, so they move and act like the limb they’re replacing.”
“I’m kind of a natural mentor for this kind of thing,” Tony says, and it would sound like a brag if it weren’t so obviously true. “And with Bruce in the building too… Buckmeister is staying on the residential floors with us while he’s here. Cap. Cap. You should show him around. You need a sidekick, just like the comics!”
Oh good. Bucky is living here.
“My boy sidekick in the comics was 12,” Steve says flatly. His brain helpfully reminds him that Bucky is only just barely out of his teenage years.
“Yeah but I look much better in booty shorts,” Bucky says, and it might be a joke except he gives a small wink to Steve that Tony misses.
And then Tony is dragging Steve off to look at the new armor plating he’s made for the suit out of some alloy Steve’s never heard of, and Bucky goes back to his work station with a coy smile, and when Steve looks back over his shoulder Bucky is heatedly watching his ass. Steve does not listen to Tony at all, and when he finally manages to escape he goes back to his floor to sit on his couch and take very deep breaths.
Steve is nearly 30 years old and not publically out as bisexual. He cannot fuck Tony’s boy genius protégé. No matter how much the kid makes sex eyes at him. And strokes his wrist 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Dom/sub
Enthusiastic Consent
Age Difference
Shrunkyclunks
cap!steve - Freeform
modern!Bucky
young!Bucky
bucky is 20
steve is 29
Protective Tony
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

