Work Text:
Tony's head might be exploding.  Confirming that would require opening his eyes, which he was certain would actually cause his head to explode if it hadn't already happened."Tony?"Steve's voice, and his breath, right on Tony's neck.  Why the hell did he have to be that close?  Everyone knew Tony's personal space issues.  And did the thermostat break?  It was too damn hot, like someone was pressed right up against him, wrapped around him, and everything ached all over...Tony's eyes flew open, heedless of possible head explosions, as he realized the worst of the ache was coming from circles of steel and leather around his wrists, and the very thick, very long, very hard cock deep in his ass.  He risked a look down, the view uninterrupted by any clothes.  Of course.  If this situation could get any worse, it was going to.  Well, almost, at least they hadn’t taken the arc reactor, so, for small favors, much thanks.His wrists were bound together, and Steve's heavier wrists were bound to his.  If Steve tried to break their hands free, he was going to break Tony's wrists or dislocate his shoulders. Another set of restraints tethering their ankles to the wall limited their options further.  From the hard breathing against his cheek, Steve was really damn aware of that.  The room they were in was padded and featureless, but that didn't mean they weren't being watched.  Tony really didn't care."Seriously?" Tony demanded of the air.  He hoped whoever was watching the prisoners was getting a good view.  "Did you get your Avengers bondage ideas out of a porno?  Cock-to-ass bondage, really funny.  Full points for audacity, none for originality.  I want any royalties on the videos!""Tony," Steve whispered his ear.  "They haven't spoken with us at all.  We've been... tied up for hours, and they haven't said a word.""Steve, tell me you're just very happy to see me," Tony hissed in annoyance.  "Because you are not small and this is ridiculous.""I'm sorry," Steve said through clenched teeth.  "I'm... They put a cock ring on me."Tony let out a short, semi-hysterical burst of laughter.  "Oh my God, when we get out of here, S.H.I.E.L.D. is too good for these bozos.""No kidding.""Who the hell are they?  We were coming out of the debriefing and then... what?""You ducked into that little pizza place on the way home, I went in with you, and they got us with gas from the air vents.  It took seconds; they were professionals, whoever they were.”“Giorgio ok?” Tony asked, wincing at the thought of the grandfather of pizza taking any harm from the Avengers’ enemies.“Far as I know.  He was knocked out when they captured us.”  Steve let out a long, slow breath.  “I burn through drugs pretty fast, but they must have put me on an IV drip, because I woke up just as they shut the door.”  He twitched his right hand slightly.  “That wall.  If we can get out of these restraints, we can get out of here.”“How long?”“We were captured at two in the afternoon, and I’ve been awake three hours since they left us here.”“And you still have a hard-on?  I’m flattered, Cap,” Tony said.  He had to joke about it.  Had to.  Or he was going to keep laughing until he’d laughed himself into a semi-catatonic state out of protest because seriously, world?  After all the shit both of them had been through, they were going to make them deal with stuff like this?“I told you, there’s a cock ring-,” Steve said heatedly, and oh my, that made him swell and twitch a little inside Tony and didn’t that feel interesting?  Good interesting.  Tony swallowed and kept talking.“Now, you see what I find really interesting is that you know what a cock ring is.”“Tony, I grew up in the twenties, not under a rock.”  The blush Tony could feel from Steve argued otherwise.“Whatever, I know you’ve been checking out all the good websites.  Any genius tactical plans?”“If… if I can pull out of you, I think I can twist around and get leverage to break the wrist shackles without breaking you.”“Twist around how?  There’s no way you’re getting over here without one or the other of us dislocating shoulders.”“I know.  I’ve done it before, I’ll be fine.  I’m not worried about that,” Steve said matter-of-factly.“Okay, I’m worried that you dislocating your own shoulders is not a big deal, but more on that later.  What’s with the if on getting your cock out of my ass?  I know I have an exceptionally fine ass, and I’m not surprised Steve Jr. is really happy there, but it’s really hard to run all stuck together like this.”Steve chuffed out a soft laugh.  “You don’t think I’ve been trying while you were out?  With us tied this way, I can’t get enough space between us.  I’d end up choking you or breaking something as long as I’m…”“Hard as a steel rod and how much space do you need, Rogers?” Tony demanded.  He might have been blushing himself, only because the mental image of Steve trying to squirm his way out of Tony’s embrace, being denied, brought up on the end of the tether of his cock every tim
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Handcuffs
Bondage
Anal Sex
Banter
Sexual Humor
Making The Best of a Bad Situation
bros

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

