Work Text:
The Asset watched as his handlers brought in a stranger—a man with a metal object stuck to his chest that was hooked to a car battery.
The handlers shoved the man onto the stool where many who had operated on the Asset’s arm in the past had sat before.
“Asset,” one handler said, “meet the Mechanic. He will be responsible for the upkeep of your arm. Should anything malfunction, kill him.”
The Asset eyed the Mechanic. The Mechanic was glassy-eyed and unresponsive.
He’d probably be dead in a week.
“Understood,” the Asset replied.
The handlers made a sound of approval.
One smacked the Mechanic on the shoulder. “Get to work.”
The Mechanic reached for the Asset’s arm and began looking it over.
Calloused fingers ran over the panels of the Asset’s arm. The Asset watched as the Mechanic studied every dip and curve of the arm.
The handlers talked to themselves as they left the room.
The Asset paid them little mind, more intrigued by the Mechanic’s assessing and curious touch.
The Mechanic didn’t speak, and the Asset was fine with that. The silence was comforting.
Once the Mechanic had rid himself of the car battery and had found a new and strange glowing device to put in his chest, he became the Asset’s shadow.
At first the handlers kept the Mechanic away, but out of amusement or some machination that the Asset was not privy too, they eventually decided to let the Mechanic follow the Asset.
The Mechanic always touched the Asset’s arm. Always checked that the arm was working properly.
The Asset often huffed and shoved the Mechanic away, but the Mechanic was determined. It didn’t take long for the Asset to accept the prodding touches as routine.
The Asset had not realized how much though the Mechanic cared for the arm until one of the Asset’s sparring matches between himself and a potential second Winter Soldier occurred. The Asset had made a mistake, and his opponent had seized him by the metal arm and yanked the arm partially out of the socket. The Asset broke free from the hold and was about to charge in with a flurry of attacks that would send his opponent to the floor where the Asset could then make the would-be killing blow; however, the Mechanic jumped in front of him.  
The move startled the Asset into hesitating.
It was enough time for his opponent to draw their knife and attack.
The efficient and smart move would have been to grab the Mechanic and use him as a shield, instead the Asset swung his body so the Mechanic was forced behind him as he stopped his opponent’s attack with his weaker arm.
The knife was stopped, but his opponent still had another hand, and his opponent rained punches on him.
His vision blurred and the scent and taste of copper filled his nostrils and mouth. Through it all, the Asset still managed to see the lithe form of the Mechanic leap onto his opponent.
The Mechanic clawed and punched.
The Asset’s opponent tried to knock the Mechanic away, yet somehow the Mechanic ended up half on the back of the opponent.
The Asset seized his own knife and attacked, stabbing his opponent in the heart.
The corpse stumbled backward.
The Asset yanked the Mechanic off the opponent so he wouldn’t be crushed when the corpse finally fell.
The Mechanic clung to his metal arm and watched as the corpse finally hit the ground.
The Asset’s handlers shouted and cursed as many of them rushed to examine the corpse.
The Asset wasn’t supposed to kill his opponent—just push his opponent to his breaking point.
The Mechanic caressed the Asset’s arm.
The Asset glanced at the Mechanic.
Their eyes locked.
He had protected the Mechanic, and the Mechanic had protected him. Protection was not something easily given. It was self-endangering and foolish—it was something that the Asset should not give, and should not expect to receive.
As the handlers cursed and argued, the Asset turned so he was angled between the handlers and the Mechanic. He reached out and touched one of the hands caressing his metal arm.
For a moment all he did was merely touch the Mechanic’s hand.
Slowly the Mechanic turned his palm upward and squeezed the Asset’s fingers.
The Asset was a weapon—a tool—and should not feel anything, yet the warm feeling the gesture created in his chest could only be pleasure.
The Asset was confused.
He’d been taken out of storage and the Mechanic was looking over his arm, but the Mechanic was younger.
The Asset’s memory was a haze, yet since the Mechanic had been put in charge of maintaining the Asset’s chair, the Asset had an easier time recalling the Mechanic and the faces of his handlers. Time had been passing quickly. Each sleep lasted months. He’d watched the Mechanic age from his thirties to forties.
Now though, the Mechanic must be in his mid-twenties. Where his baby fat had disappeared years ago it had returned to his cheeks. The crows feet that had been at the corner of his eyes were gone. His skin was unblemished. He also had muscles where he hadn’t before.
The Mechanic paused in the middle of his examin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hydra (Marvel)
References to Civil War
Abduction
Implied/Referenced Torture
Memory Loss
Brainwashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

