Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

-:-
A loser hides behind a mask of my disguise
 And who I am today is worse than other times
 You don't know what I've done
 I'm wanted and on the run.-Message Man, Twenty One Pilots-:-  

Chapter 1

He doesn’t think much of the place when he goes there the first time; it is raining and Bucky is thirsty. Simple as that.He didn’t realize it was not, in fact, a bistro but a tea shop—nor did he think the tea would be exclusively mixed with tapioca. But it is warm and the shop is a small hole squashed in the middle of a desolate street, and what Bucky likes more than anything right now is little places down empty roads.The bell above the door chimes at his arrival. He glares up at it before scanning the shop. It is relatively small—tiny round tables, rickety wooden benches, and the buzzing of the refrigerator behind the front counter. A neon sign is wedged in front of the window, gleaming yellow and pink. Tea House. A caricature of a pineapple blazes behind the words. Bucky tries not to be too disappointed.He glances at the corners of the room. No CCTV. Good for him, tough luck for the shop owner. But that’s not his problem.He almost leaves, though—a small shop is good but not if he’s the only one there—but halts the thought when he sees a figure sitting on the far right.A girl, pouring over what looks like several textbooks. His eyes travel down to the table—no, tables. Two of them are jammed together to accommodate the stacks of paper and notebooks littered atop the surface. Little square notes stick haphazardly onto them and the colors assault his eyes, making them narrow. He blinks when the girl brings a plastic green cup to her lips and slurps loudly through a large straw, eyes never leaving her book.
Threat: minimal. Surveillance: none. Body count: two. Sweep complete.
Bucky clenches his jaw, jerking his head slightly. He still does it, still can’t control himself. Next time, he thinks as he walks to the counter. Next time he’ll stop before it can start.An elderly woman taps her nails to the counter to get his attention. “What would you like?”He glances at the menu. “Taro, large.”He hands her cash and settles on a bench on the left, taking a long sip. His lips curl a bit, but drinks deeper.The question looms over his mind of how long he should stay. One month is his maximum, but after twelve months of it maybe it’s time to consider a place to station himself and…sort things out.Sort what? a voice taunts him. The missing arm or the seventy years missing from your head?Idly he reaches for a fortune cookie that sits in a metal basket atop his table, flitting with the wrapper. He just needed routine. A newer cap. To stop thinking in Russian. Better soap—“Dude, don’t.”Bucky’s eyes dart up, freezing. The girl is now looking at him, her eyes wide and he sees that they’re blue, now that they are no longer hidden behind the drape of brown hair when she’d been reading.He follows her stare to the fortune wrapper in his right hand, then back to her. “Seriously, I wouldn’t do it. It’s poison.”He stiffens in alarm. What does this girl know? Why would the owner serve poisoned—is this a ploy? Is she undercover? The assessment was wrong, Threat: maximal, surveillance: none, Body count: undetermined, Mission: extr—“I mean, not literally,” she says quickly, sensing the panic behind Bucky’s frozen state. “If you’re okay with sitting on the toilet expelling fire from your,” she gestures incoherently behind her, and Bucky stares, “for three hours, go for it.” He says nothing. She clarifies, “It’s basically an elephant laxative. Tastes really good though, but the cost-benefit is a bit…” she shrugs.His muscles relax, but not before his hand has already crushed the fortune cookie inside of its wrapper. He restrains against a flinch, dropping the unopened wrapper onto the table. Careful, he needs to be more careful—Bucky glances up when he hears a soft chuckle. The girl is smiling, shaking her head a little as she fiddles with putting earbuds into her ears again. “Good choice.” The smile becomes a quiet sigh as she returns to the book before her, and the curtain of brown hair returns as she writes furiously in a notebook. Bucky is invisible once more.The girl found him funny. The idea itself is ironic, enough that he drowns his thoughts with the rest of the bubble tea and gets up to leave.
-:-
Darcy is annoyed when she comes in the Tea House and finds only one table free, the rest filled with people that already finished term and weren’t the type of dumbass to take summer classes.Which is exactly what Darcy is doing. Because not only is she doing a second undergraduate degree, but she’s doing the accelerated kind because she is just that type of masochist.She’s also the type of masochist to do a Physics major. Physics.Darcy had rejected the suggestion vehemently when Erik first brought it up, but when Jane quietly sat with her to di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
WinterShock - Freeform
Civil War AU
Slow Burn
On the Run
Friends to Lovers
cruise ship adventures
Touch-Starved
Eventual Smut
Smut
Oral Sex
Romance

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

