Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“This is a stupid bet,” Steve grumbles.“Only because you’ll lose.” Bucky clambers up from beneath the table and sets a fresh stack of trial study application forms on top, brushing off his pants.Steve smiles at a man as he passes the booth and picks up one of their leaflets. It’s the third and last day of the fair, and they’ve already had to order two extra boxes of brochures, applications, and another set of Sam’s business cards. It’s doubly fantastic, to be getting so much interest from the veterans in their area, and to be promoting Sam Wilson’s counseling services. Steve knows he and Bucky can both get behind that; they’ve benefited personally from Sam’s support.Once the man is gone again, Steve glowers at Bucky. “I am fully capable of getting a date without your help.”“What?” Bucky screws a finger into his ear, then waves to a passing group of boys with his newfangled prosthetic. Steve hears an energetic chorus of ‘cool!’ “I’m sorry, I couldn’t hear you over all the not getting laid you’re doing.”Steve rolls his eyes, hands another flyer out, and chucks the crumpled napkin from his last hamburger at Bucky’s head. It’s his second today; so sue him, he’s hungry. Down the way, a Zydeco band has started playing, lifting the energy exponentially. They buckle down for a while, explaining the trial study—high tech prostheses like Bucky’s being refined for everyday use for returning amputees—and generally gathering more interest from the crowd.“What we really need to do is find you a prostitute.”“Buck,” Steve hisses, scandalized.Bucky smiles winningly at the woman in front of their booth, who has severe scarring on her face and throat, and has just burst into snorting laughter. “High end, Steve, don’t worry. Flyer?”Luckily Steve has an easy out. “I can’t afford a prostitute, high end or otherwise,” he says sourly once the woman leaves.“Oh, I think we could pull something together. I made thirty bucks walking dogs on Wednesday.”“Bucky, shut up,” Steve moans, rubbing his face.“Okay, not a prostitute,” Bucky says, unperturbed. He loudly calls a few more people over and distributes flyers. “But you are asking someone out. You seriously need to get some.”“I’ll ‘get some’ when I damn well want some,” he growls and, true to form, Bucky senses when he’s pushing too far and comes in from another angle.“I just want you to have fun. You’re too serious these days. You’re always at work, you barely even look at your art books anymore. I think it’d do you some good, getting out for a night. Or getting in,” he snickers, because he’s still Bucky.Steve rolls his eyes, and for the next few minutes, they’re busy shepherding a group of older vets through the sign-up process. He wonders what his chances are of Bucky forgetting this subject within the next five minutes, and decides they’re slim to none. He could always go get another burger.When the rush clears, Bucky takes a break, stepping back and slugging deeply from his beat up water bottle. His labs have been a little funky of late and he’s been told to stay hydrated. “You know what? I’m going to pick someone out for you.”“No.” Steve grits his teeth, mid-smile. “You are not.”“You don’t have to marry the guy. Just take him out for the evening! And then bring him back to the hovel. For coffee, possibly sex.”“Possibly not.”“Possibly not sex. But definitely coffee. We just cleaned the joint, remember? It’s fit for public consumption.”“Buck, we live in Crown Heights,” he says, letting his accent through. “Nobody’s comin’ home with me.”“Ain’t nothin’ wrong with Crown Heights,” Bucky retorts, following Steve’s lead. “I know that, and you know that,” Steve says, lapsing fully into awky vowels and unfinished consonants. “But the average Islander, he don’t know that.” “And there ain’t nothin’ wrong with you,” Bucky goes on. “They should be so lucky, takin’ a guy like you home.”Steve smiles at his friend. But he can see he’s not going to win this. Maybe he can mitigate it a little. “And what if he slugs me and steals our Playstation?” he says, dropping the accent.Bucky claps him on the shoulder. “That’s where I come in.”Steve slaps his hand away. “Oh, no, you are leaving for the evening, Barnes.”“So there will be something to watch?”“Not for you,” Steve shoots back.“As long as you can see it, I’m good with that.” Bucky drains his bottle and grabs Steve’s, then pauses. “Ah.”Oh, God, what now?“There he is, folks.” Bucky points with the stopper of the bottle. “That, my friend, is your man of the hour.”Steve snatches his water bottle from Bucky and takes a swig, ready to fend off the joke at someone else’s expense. And chokes on his water.Because not only has Bucky picked the handsomest, most well-dressed man Steve has seen in years. He’s picked out the guy Steve’s been secretly ogling for the past two days.**
**
**“This is a stupid bet,” Rhodey says out of the side of his mouth. Behind him Tony scoffs.“You don’t think I can do it. How can you not think I can do t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
War Veteran Steve Rogers
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Fake Prostitution
Tony No
Chicken (game of)
Bets & Wagers
First Dates
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
buddy!fic
Civil Union Fest
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Fluff
and a smidge of crack because really
Mutual Pining
tony does science
Steve Runs A Lot
High Line NYC
Steve Rogers Feels
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Identity Porn
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

