Work Text:

AVENGERS HOTSPOT


Your Source for Up to Date Gossip on your Favorite Crimefighting Team


            It’s been confirmed that Captain Steve Rogers will be doing an interview and photo spread with Stark Media Group. The angels are singing today. If you’ve been alive at all since the 1940s, you’ve grown up reading about and loving this guy. After his discovery and reawakening into the 21st century several years ago, we’ve all been eagerly watching his journey. Only good things can come from the first interview Rogers will be giving to a media outlet outside of a mission report.

 
•
 
            Bucky looked up from the stack of papers he was stapling together when Clint literally slammed into the side of his desk. “Dude,” he breathed, an awed expression on his face.
            “What?” Bucky asked, rummaging through his drawer for the binder clips he needed.
            “Dude,” Clint said again, his voice raising an octave.
            “What?” Bucky repeated as he frowned at the time. He needed to bring Phillips the summary for the Collert file by nine.
            Clint slapped his hands down onto the desk, his eyes wide and slightly crazed. “Captain America is here.”
            “No, he’s not,” Bucky said, gesturing around the cubicle as he highlighted the bottom lines for the cost estimates.
            “In the building, dickwad,” Clint sighed.
            Bucky stopped to process what Clint’s gushing actually meant. “Oh, cool,” he admitted.
            He and Clint were both seniors at NYU. They had been friends since orientation and roommates all the way through. They high fived and drank a daily bottle of peach moscato for a week straight when they were both accepted to the public relations internship run by Stark Industries’ Pepper Potts.
            The internship was a mixture of terrifying and insanely boring depending on the exact minute. Bucky felt like he was learning a lot when he got to work on his actual projects, even if half the time he got saddled with things like coffee runs and dry-cleaning pickup. Ms. Potts, ‘Please, call me Pepper’ had told them to let her know if anything like that was happening, but Bucky didn’t want to rock the boat. He was really only have issues with Pierce and Rumlow, the dickbags.
            “He’s doing an interview and photo shoot,” Clint told him, scrolling through his phone.
            “Too bad neither of us is important enough to get anywhere near that,” Bucky pointed out.
            Clint waved a hand. “I can claim I got confused when dropping off copies during the middle of it, just to sneak a peek.”
            Bucky laughed, compiling the papers into a manila folder. “Good luck.”
            Clint shrugged and hopped onto Bucky’s desk, swinging his legs. “How fucking crazy is it that he’s actually like 90, but physically he’s only a little older than us?”
            “It’s wild,” Bucky said in a deadpan before getting to his feet.
            He went to deliver the summary to Phillips, but the door was closed. Bucky waited in the hall and flipped through his emails. The door opened again and he saw Ms. Potts stepping out. She tapped something into her planner as she spoke. “We’ll just have to find someone to fill in since the time overlaps with lunch then,” she trailed off when she spotted Bucky.
            “Bucky Barnes!” Pepper said cheerfully.
            He smiled and nodded at her. “Hello, Ms. Potts.” He genuinely liked her. She was scarily proficient at her job and one of the most sincere people he had ever met, a particularly rare quality in public relations.
            “Pepper,” she corrected. She put a hand on her hip and glanced back towards Phillips. “Think Mr. Barnes is up to the task?” she asked, a delicate eyebrow raised in question.
            In the typical grumpy, old man fashion that defined Phillips, he squinted at Bucky. “He’ll do,” he agreed.
            Pepper’s smile brightened even further. “Perfect! Come with me, Mr. Barnes.”
            Bucky lifted the file and darted in to pass it off to Phillips. He grunted thanks before Pepper led Bucky away. She continued typing something into her phone, muttering under her breath until they reached the elevator. “There was something of a scheduling issue with a client today and the appointment will extend over lunch. Would you mind assisting the P.A. team?”
            She phrased it as a question, which was very polite, but he had obviously been selected for the job. “No problem,” he reassured her.
            She looked relieved. “Okay, I’ll take you down and get you situated.”
            Bucky followed her into the elevator and out again on the fifth floor, the fancy floor set aside for meetings and events with clients. Everything was made of glass and both the walls and furniture varied between tones of grey and white. It was very modern. Pepper waved over a redheaded woman in a well-fitted green dress. “Nat, this is Bucky Barnes. He’s one of the NYU interns and he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Media AU
Awkwardness
Texting
Sex is a thing both had and discussed quite often
All the group chats
Past Drug Addiction
Pop culture references like wow
Humor
Yes the title is in fact Britney lyrics
Everyone is BFFLS
Literally everyone loves Pepper
HarryPotterNerd!SamWilson
Lucky the pizza dog - Freeform
modern!Bucky
Shrunkyclunks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

