Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 1. how do you solve a problem like seven mutant children 
“What happened this time?”Erik Lehnsherr was not a man easily intimidated. He had seen far too many horrors in this world to ever be truly intimidated. However, at this moment, staring down an irate Moira MacTaggart, her eyes narrowed and her nostrils flaring, he felt just the slightest twinge of concern. He steadied himself - best to get it over with - and said, in his crispest tones, “Angel tried to set the nanny on fire.”For a moment, Erik was actually afraid that Moira would explode. She pressed her lips together so hard they turned white, and her hands balled up into tight fists. She closed her eyes, bracing her elbows against the desk. “Are you telling me,” she said, eyes still shut, “that your sixteen-year-old daughter - ”“Oh, she didn’t succeed,” said Erik quickly. “She burned the bed, but that’s about it, really.”Moira opened her eyes and threw her hands up. “You’re impossible,” she said accusingly. “At least tell me Ms. Perkins is all right.”“Nothing but smoke inhalation. I rushed her to the emergency room. She won’t be pressing charges. She says she’s sure Angel didn’t mean it,” said Erik, almost projecting an aura of boredom. It was a speech Moira had heard before. This wasn’t the first nanny that had fled the Lehnsherr household. “Nevertheless, she has requested termination of her employment, effective immediately.”“Oh, Erik,” said Moira, shaking her head. “At this rate, your children will be too old for a nanny by the time we’ve found you a suitable one.”“We wouldn’t be having this conversation - again, I might add - if you’d just get me a mutant,” Erik replied accusingly. “I should be leaving my children with our kind, not humans.” He spit out the word ‘human’ the way another would say ‘cockroach’.Moira raised an eyebrow derisively. “Oh, and how many mutants do you know are in the childcare business?” she retorted. Then, her eyes widened. “Although…” she murmured, half to herself. “I could give Charles a call…”“Charles?” Erik repeated. “Good on you, hiring male nannies. Very gender inclusive,” he said dryly.“Got anything against male nannies?”“I haven’t had any luck with female nannies, I don’t see why a male one should be any different.”“Charles isn’t actually one of my nannies,” said Moira. “He’s an old friend - uh, an ex, actually, but we stayed in touch.”Erik hid a smirk. Moira had famously bad luck in the relationship department, but had managed to remain friends with all her old flames. Well, Erik thought, hers was a much preferable outcome of a breakup compared to what had happened to him and Magda -He stopped that train of thought right in its tracks. He hadn’t thought of Magda in years, and he wasn’t about to start now.“He’s from up in Westchester, but he’s in the city to finish his master’s degree. His second, actually!” Moira added proudly. “He’s a bit of a child prodigy, finished college when he was only seventeen - oh, Erik, I think you’ll like him, he’s brilliant!”“He sounds it,” said Erik agreeably. “But I fail to see what this has to do with me and my children?”“Charles is from one of those old, wealthy families. And his mother’s had it up to here with him ‘not participating in the family business’,” she said, crooking her fingers into air quotes. “She’s cut him off, so he’s looking for a job.”“I’m not about to entrust my children to the care of some spoiled brat of a human who needs extra spending money,” Erik sneered.Moira laughed. “Oh, you’ll love this,” she said. “Charles is a mutant. He majored in microbiology in college, then got his first master’s degree in genetics, with an emphasis on the X-gene. He’s now working on another master’s in mutant child education. He’s worked at a mutant daycare facility before, and he’s helped work on integrating mutant development classes - honing their abilities, learning self-control, that sort of thing - into public schools.”Erik’s eyebrows flew up. “Impressive,” he said. “And his mother doesn’t approve?”“No.”“She’s an idiot.”“Yes, I think so too,” said Moira grimly. “Anyway, shall I give Charles a call?”Erik thought for a moment. He wanted a mutant nanny, and now here was Moira offering him one. Surely a mutant could handle his children better than a human could. He certainly couldn’t be any worse. “All right,” he said. “I’ll take him on.” I’m desperate, was left hanging at the end of his sentence.“Got it,” said Moira, whipping out her phone. “When should I tell him to be there?”“Tomorrow morning is fine, if he’s not busy. Oh, and what did you say his mutation was?”“I didn’t,” said Moira, tapping out a text message. “He’s a telepath.” * The Lehnsherr residence in Bronxville was a pretty white Colonial with a gray roof and a wraparound porch, surrounded by a carefully maintained garden and a towering wrought iron fence. The family had arrived from Germany a little over ten years ago, and had quickly established themselves in the community. There wer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Azazel/Raven | Mystique (X-Men)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - The Sound of Music Fusion
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern: Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Nanny
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Erik is a Father
dadneto
Erik Has Feelings
Erik has Issues
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Charles You Slut

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Azazel/Raven | Mystique (X-Men)

