Work Text:
Sam hasn't had a nightmare in years. He got therapy, when he first came home, took his own advice and levelled his head out before trying to help everyone else, and although losing Riley still aches like the bruise left after a punch, he’s adjusted, and he’s happy. Even when he gives it all up, the job, the apartment, the morning runs around the National Mall, he’s happy. He’s doing good, and he’s part of a team, and he couldn’t have got back in for better reasons. When he dreams, they’re peaceful.The first night off the Raft, he has four nightmares in a row. Falling, always falling. Tony’s repulsors hitting him in the chest, and the Winter Soldier ripping off one wing, throwing him broken off a cliff high over water, and Riley, Riley, Riley. Rhodes. The suit crippled - the wings crippled - and he’s up there just to watch, and he looks down, and the grenade launcher is in his own hands.The last one, he wakes up in a cold sweat, blinks into the dark room. There's a weight next to him, a body he takes first for Steve before his brain catches up, filters in the blank space where a metal arm should be, the smudge of dark hair hanging loose to the shoulder, the way Bucky breathes. Careful, like he doesn't want to startle him. His right hand is resting on Sam's shoulder. That's what woke him, he realizes.“You,” he says, rough, and sits up.“I didn't-” Bucky says, “I- you were screaming. I wanted to- I thought, Steve, maybe, but he's still with Maximoff.”Wanda had been catatonic, when they'd pulled her out. Clint and Steve had cut off the collar, the restraints, hands so gentle Sam’d ached to see it. Big brothers, both of them, and so angry it’d burned down dark.“She’s just-” Steve had said, “they- she’s just a kid, and Tony saw her like this, and he didn’t-” and then he had sat by her, in the quinjet, his jaw working. Muscles clenching hard, teeth grinding down to dust under pressure.“It's okay,” Sam says, drags a hand over his face. “Thanks. It's fine.” Bucky tightens his grip briefly, squeezing like maybe he wants to do more, before he drops his hand away from Sam's shoulder.“Okay,” Bucky murmurs, very quiet, and stands up. His balance is all wrong, Sam sees. He moves like he's still injured. Steve’d said, briefly - it was bad, Sam. Tony blew off his arm. Nearly killed him - but this is the first time Sam's seen Bucky for himself, and he's cataloguing injuries without needing to think about it. Broken ribs, fractured zygomatic arch, probably some internal bleeding - lacerated liver, maybe, something only the serum’s gonna fix. An arm lost for the second time. Sam touches his fingers to the deep bruising on his own cheekbone, and thinks about Tony, and the kind of desperation and anger that makes you hit like that. Rhodes, he thinks, he- the grenade launcher is in his hands, it’s on Sam, doesn’t matter that it wasn’t him who fired the shot, he should have gone down and Rhodes is somewhere maybe learning how to walk again, damage to his spinal cord, some form of paralysis, it’s-He shakes his head, tries to clear it. Not helpful, all of this. Let it go, Sam.“Thanks,” he says again, because Bucky's still standing there, and what else is there to say.“I,” Bucky starts, tilts his head. “You want a hot drink? Tea? They got, like, herbal tea nowadays that's pretty good.”Sam's not gonna be able to sleep again. Tea sounds okay, maybe. “You didn’t sleep, on the Raft?” Bucky asks, pushing a cup of chamomile tea over the table to Sam. He says it awkwardly, like he’s following a script for conversation. You say this, and then I say this, and that’s how humans work. And underneath that, it’s tentative, like he’s got no right to ask, like Sam’s gonna say I hate you, stop talking to me, we’re not friends.They’re not friends, but Sam’s not- they could be friends, maybe. Sam’s kind of doubtful, but what choice does he have? These are the people he’s gonna be around for a while, looks like.“They kept the lights on,” he says. “All day, all night. I don’t know if they were trying to break us, or just being jerks, but… I didn’t really get enough sleep to dream, you know? Just catnaps, here and there.”“Jesus,” Bucky mutters, and makes a face, and it takes Sam a minute to realize it’s sympathy, mingled with anger. The idea that James Barnes is angry about the way he was treated makes Sam feel something, deep and painful, but he’s too tired, too sore, to interrogate what it is. He has to look away, picks up his mug of tea, blows on it. The steam is warm on his face. When he sips, it’s still too hot to drink, so he just holds it under his chin, lets the steam cloud his vision.“You want honey, or something?” Bucky says, and Sam shakes his head, clutches his mug tighter. He’s cold - he’s been cold since the Raft, damp salt air in his bones, the chill horror of Rhodes’ fall under his skin - and Bucky makes a noise before Sam feels him drape something around his shoulders. He looks up, discovers Bucky’s hoodie, still warm from Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Build
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Recovery
Post-Civil War
Slow Burn
canon-typical trauma
soft domestic winter falcon is my downfall
Found Family
Pining
Unrequited Love
references to Steve/Sharon

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

