Chapter 1: Prep
    




Chapter Text
Voices pierced Tony's skull and he squeezed his eyes shut, fighting against sudden nausea. He had been leaving the Avengers, heading to his suite when...His memory grasped at blankness."Wh-," Tony winced, squeezing his eyes closed as his own voice made his head throb. He felt so tired, why was he so tired?Why was he so cold?His eyes fluttered open and he blinked rapidly, trying to clear his eyesight as he looked around and down at himself. He was in a room, facing a thick looking mirror. Probably one sided glass. He was bent naked over a large metal table with his arms tied out in front of him, fastened at the ridiculously thick table legs. What was it, made for the surgery of a large elephant? He recognised the dull shine as adamantium, who made tables out of adamantium?His back hurt. He couldn't see it, but he could feel the restraints holding his dangling legs painfully apart. He shifted curiously and nearly burnt through with humiliation at the vague feeling of a metal pole helping to keep his thighs apart, spreading him wide and exposed like some kind of animals to be mated. He flinched as he felt some hands running down his back, testing the restraints and feeling over Tony's body with uncomfortable familiarity. Other people bustled around with tension filled air, setting things up out of Tony's sight.Tony was smart, Tony was also an omega. He'd been briefed on potential omega threats, he could guess what kind of torture they were going to use on him.He steeled himself as a man walked around to his face. "Mr Stark! So pleased you're finally with us. Sorry about the drugs, we didn't realise you were going into to heat and it reacted...unfortunately."He was in heat? Tony felt confused, he shouldn't be in heat for another couple of days. Unless his pheromones had simply started releasing the correct musk in preparation, but he wasn't due for the mating haze just yet. Perhaps that was enough to mix up a simple sleeping drug."I won't build anything for you," Tony decided to go straight to the heart of the matter, "No matter what you do to me I won't build and the reactor will self destruct if removed from me without the override."He glared up at the man, "Which I won't give."The man laughed, throwing his head back. "Oh Mr Stark, you're getting ahead of yourself. Let me introduce myself, my name is General Ross."Tony looked at him blankly."I'm the commanding officer the Department of Gamma Soldiers. It's a work in progress, see we need super soldiers, I'm sure you've heard of all the
alien attacks as Iron Man, and we find the best defence is a good offence. Unfortunately our offence work best when we get them young." The General leaned over with a collar and slapped it around Tony's neck, yanking roughly on the straps until it was uncomfortably tight."We don't want you to build anything, or your reactor. We're doing quite well technologically. We don't even want your mind." He yanked on another strap that pulled Tony forward by the arms, pulling him tight against the table and making the hard corner press into his hips and dick. "We just want your genetics."Tony snarled up at Ross, straining against the bonds as his stomach churned. "The Avengers will find me! They'll track me dow-mphp" Tony's provocation was cut off as a leather wrapped metal bit, disturbingly like a horse's bridle, was forced into his mouth and looped around his head. His nostrils flared in rage as Ross clipped it to his collar, forcing his head down and against the cold table."Sssh, Hulk doesn't like screams and we wouldn't want you to bite through your tongue. Just relax Mr. Stark. We'll breed you very well, make you fat with puppies. You'll make amazingly smart super soldiers." Ross was definitely an alpha, Tony decided. Only an alpha would be so obsessed with talks on breeding and puppies. "Just imagine it Stark, our Hulk knotting you over and over until you're fat with litter after litter of soldiers. You'll build us an entire army." Tony gave a muffled sound of rage, the leather making for a sickening taste on his tongue, his mouth already aching from being open wide around it."Betas! Get in here. Stretch him as fast as you can, get him ready for the Hulk. He's just starting his cycle, this is good. We can mate them for a few extra days." Ross brought his hand down against Tony's bare ass, the slap shocking him. He tried to struggle in protestation but the bonds held fast. He could barely twitch against the metal.* * * Hulk could smell it, the intoxicating scent of an omega. A new omega, he knew he hadn't mated this one. It smelt so good and he wants it so bad. Hulk wrinkles back his lip and inhales deeply, enjoying the smell of a creature in heat. Hulk knew what it meant when he could smell omegas, they were going to let him out and claim the warm tightness that was his. He pulls against chains and gives an eager roar.* * *Fingers are hooking into Tony, prodding around his insides with a clinica
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Non Consensual
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Object Insertion
Size Difference
Anal Sex
Bondage
Tearing
Genital Torture

fandom: 
Hulk/Tony Stark

