Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The tunnels beneath Hydra's latest technological outpost were dark and narrow and reverberated like an echo chamber. The scuff of Sam's foot sounded loud as a whooping cough; Steve's breath was roaring in Bucky's ear; the accidental brush of Bucky's metal arm against the cement walls sounded like a gong. Natasha, no surprise, was the quietest, so she was some thirty paces ahead, peering around the corners where the passageways branched off, looking for signs of where Tony might be kept. Finally, after what felt like hours, she came hurrying back on silent feet. “Fifteen guards,” she mouthed to them. “Stay absolutely quiet. We need to count on the element of surprise.”They crept after her near-noiselessly, pausing when they reached the corner of the tunnel. A quick glance told Bucky that the guards were very still as well, alert like dogs, ready to pounce at any sound. He met Steve's eyes and they nodded to one another grimly. Behind him, Sam's fingers were poised on his gun. It was so quiet Bucky could hear his own heartbeat, thump-thump-thump in his ears. Natasha nodded to them, raised a finger to her lips and – Steve's stomach let out a rumble that sounded like thunder. A tortured, deep-down gurgle that was as loud and obvious as a shout. “Well,” Steve said sheepishly, and the guards were on them.:::Two weeks later, Clint and Steve got trapped in a dungeon for nearly four days before the team could pull them out, and Steve got so hungry he nearly ate Clint's arm.“Seriously,” Clint said, “I woke up one night and he was holding my hand and drooling over my fingers like they were hot dogs.”“I was not,” Steve laughed, though the laughter dissolved quickly into a little wheeze of pain. Bucky, in a chair at his side, tensed all over. They were in the hospital – or, Steve was in the hospital, and the team had come to visit him. He'd suffered a crushed ribcage and a pretty serious concussion during the extraction, and the days without food had taken more of a toll on him than they had on Clint. He was still hooked up to machines pumping nutrients into his depleted body. Bucky hadn't seen Steve look so pale since 1941, and he hated it. Made him remember all those nights he'd spent at Steve's bedside, swapping out cold washcloths across a fiery forehead, listening to Steve moan, powerless to stop the pain that racked his friend's skinny body. It reminded him of other moments of powerlessness. Put him on edge.“I don't get it,” Sam said, leaning against the sterile hospital wall. “Guy was in the ice for seventy years, no problem – but a few days without food nearly ends him?”“A ton of concrete to the sternum nearly ended me,” Steve corrected him.“The doctor said your body had entered starvation mode,” Sam said. “The serum affects his metabolic process,” Tony said. “So his metabolism --”“I'm right here.”“Sorry, your metabolism,” Tony amended, patting Steve's head, “runs a little faster than a normal person's. Helps you heal, build muscle, run fast, beat us all at double-dutch. But it also means you need more than the normal amount of food. In the ice, your metabolism stopped completely; you were in stasis, so no harm done. But awake, what was four days without food for Clint probably felt like more than a week for you. ”“That explains the stomach growl heard round the world,” Nat said. “And the near-cannibalism,” Clint said. Then, to Steve, “Nah, I knew you weren't gonna eat me. But you did say 'lo mein' in your sleep.”“Seems like a liability,” Bucky said. “The serum that made the Winter – that made me what I am, it does the opposite. I can go for days with nothing.” So they could keep him out on missions without feeding him, he didn't say, but Steve's face crumpled a little like he was connecting the dots, and Bucky looked away. “It is a liability,” Tony said. “Hey,” Steve said.“You're not a liability, pal, your stomach is,” Tony said. “Lucky for you, I tweaked your suit a little, and now, not only do you have some extra Power Bar pockets hidden in the lining, but there's a week's supply of slow-release nutrient capsules in your helmet. I'll show you how to access them. You ever get captured, chomp down on those suckers and you'll be good to go for a week. They're in development for countries stricken with famine, so you can be my little guinea pig.”“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said. “I think.”“Are you hungry now?” Natasha said. “I could chase down that cute nurse with the pudding.”Bucky wasn't sure why he bristled at that, but he did, and Nat sent him an amused glance. “Doesn't need pudding,” he muttered. “Needs dinner. Real food.”“The food here tastes like toothpaste,” Steve said morosely. “I could run out and get you some lo mein,” Clint suggested. “Or we could order pizza,” Sam said. “Do hospitals accept delivery?”“They do on this floor,” Tony said. “I own this floor.”“I could go for pizza,” Steve said. “Or lo mein.”“Pizza and lo mein,” Sam decided, and Bucky felt his lips curl up in a small, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Weight Gain
Stuffing
Food Sex
Feeding Kink
Belly Kink
Food Issues
Body Image
Excessive eating
and I do mean excessive
chubby!Steve
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

