Chapter 1: Natalia Rivers
    




Chapter Text




 It happens in a flash of blue. One moment Natasha is holding Loki's scepter, arms straining as she forces it through the shield around the portal generator, and the next she is sent tumbling. To those watching, it looks like she is vaporized in a backwash of energy.To Natasha, it is as simple as falling backwards.Except she doesn't land on concrete. She isn't sprayed by chunks of glass and gravel. She is lying in the middle of a forest, on a bed of leaves, looking up at a clear night sky filled with strange stars. There is a circular pattern that she recognizes from her briefings on the Bifrost scorched around her, and the smell of ozone in the air.It doesn't take her long to come to the correct conclusion."Heimdall?" she tries, though she doesn't expect it to work. It's still worth trying. The Asgardians might return her home simply because they don't want a lowly Midgardian wandering around the other realms.Silence."Thor?" She tries next, knowing it is even more of a long-shot. Then, "Odin?"Desperate now, though nothing in her manner shows it, "Loki?"Nothing.She sighs.Clint, she allows herself to think. Earth.Her home, as much as she had one, is gone. But she is Natasha Alienovna Romanova, the Black Widow, and her world has burned before.She gets up.
-l-
She spends her first few years traveling in search of a way back. It doesn't take her long to learn that she's not on any of what the Asgardians call 'The Nine Realms.' But then her interrogation with Loki hinted that there are many more than nine, the Chitauri's home planet being one of them.The place she landed is called Westeros as a whole, and their language isn't too hard to learn, being very close to her native Russian. She slips among them like a ghost, a shadow studying their customs and politics. Their society is medieval, a thing of nobles and brutality. She wishes she still had her guns, but she discarded them during the battle with the Chitauri after she ran out of bullets. No matter, she replaces them with throwing knives and a crossbow, such as they are.She dismisses technology as a means to get home very quickly, turning to magic instead. She spends some time in King's Landing, because the royal family is supposed to be made up of sorcerers. But that den of dragons seems to have lost their power a few generations ago, and their magic is that of fire and destruction besides.Next she ventures North, to the land held by the Stark family and the Wall beyond. She dresses as a man, because it is safer, and on her way she saves many an unwary traveler from bandits or wolves or worse. Those she rescues barely see her, because while these people are martial and hard, she is a spy from a land with security cameras and listening devices and satellite imaging, and they are children next to her. She only speaks to one of them, a little girl named Lyanna whose caravan is set upon on the way to Winterfell."What is the name of my rescuer, Ser Knight?" the (probably) noble child asks.Feeling a spark of mischief, Natasha answers, "I am no ser, merely a Winter Soldier."Leaving the wide eyed girl behind, she wonders if she's started a new legend.
-l-
The godswoods of the North don't do anything but bleed, so Natasha crosses the sea next, stowing away on a ship called The Laughing Lion that is bound for Old Valyria, the supposed magic capital of the world. She's found after two weeks (medieval ships only have so many hiding places after all) and pays for her passage by becoming Gerion Lannister's whore. He's handsome and jovial and it's actually some of the better sex she's had, so she doesn't really mind. She was trained from a young age to use every weapon at her disposal, and her sexuality is one of the most potent. It helps that 'belonging' to the noble on board keeps the other men from getting ideas.She doesn't doubt she could deal with any who tried to press the issue, but it would force her to reveal skills that a whore shouldn't have.During the months at sea, Gerion tells her about his family. About his brothers Tywin and Kevan and his daughter Joy Hill, who is a bastard and therefore not a Lannister, except for in his heart. Family secrets are whispered to her in the hush before dawn, her fingers curled in Gerion's golden hair as he extols the virtues of Casterly Rock, never noticing that he is being subtly guided into divulging the locations of secret passages, how to open the treasury, ways to manipulate Tywin, where to strike and make it hurt.Natasha has no particular plans regarding the Lannisters, is in fact collecting information on them more out of habit than anything, but she memorizes it all anyway. It can't hurt.Sometimes Gerion reminds her of Clint, with his stupid jokes and the way the skin around his eyes crinkles when he laughs. Sometimes he reminds her of Yasha, with the way he handles a sword and the intensity in his gaze when he fucks her. She thinks he may be in love with her, his be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Gerion Lannister
Natasha Romanov/Tyrion Lannister
Natasha Romanov/Jaime Lannister
Tyrion Lannister/Natasha Romanov/Jaime Lannister
Jaime Lannister/Cersei Lannister
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Mentioned Past Relationships - Relationship
One-Sided - Relationship
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Canon Relationship(s)
Jon Snow/Original Female Character(s)
Sansa Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Arya Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Loras Tyrell/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Game of Thrones Typical Everything
Canon-Typical Violence
Sibling Incest
Sexual Content
Prostitution
Explicit Language
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
But none of the main characters
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
Emotional Infidelity
Identity Issues
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Drama
Action/Adventure
Magic
Dragons
Zombies
Red Room
Assassins & Hitmen
Natasha-centric
POV Natasha Romanov
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Friendship/Love
For Want of a Nail
Soul-Searching
BAMF Tyrion Lannister
Families of Choice
Arranged Marriage
Nobility
House Lannister
Stations of the Canon
Fix-It of Sorts
R Plus L Equals J
In Spite of a Nail
Adultery
Infidelity
Children of Characters
BAMF Jaime Lannister

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Gerion Lannister
Natasha Romanov/Tyrion Lannister
Natasha Romanov/Jaime Lannister
Tyrion Lannister/Natasha Romanov/Jaime Lannister
Jaime Lannister/Cersei Lannister
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Mentioned Past Relationships - Relationship
One-Sided - Relationship
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Canon Relationship(s)
Jon Snow/Original Female Character(s)
Sansa Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Arya Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Loras Tyrell/Original Male Character(s)

