Work Text:
SHIELD agents did not run betting pools. Especially not on serious matters. But if they did, the fate of the Winter Soldier would have been one of their major focusses.The last solid fact they had was that the Winter Soldier had crushed the Tesseract and disappeared moments after Captain Rogers had told him to remember who he was.
Longest odds were (or would have been, if there was a betting pool, which there certainly was not) on the Winter Soldier having been vaporised. This would seem initially to have been the most likely thing to have happened, but SHIELD scientists were almost certain that the energy release had been teleportation, not destruction.
Even if he had teleported, it was an unfriendly universe out there. So if he had teleported somewhere he could have been killed either immediately, or over a few hours or days. But the odds on this were still long, because the way that the Tesseract seemed to operate as a gateway suggested that it linked survivable places.
So the smart money was on the Winter Soldier having killed himself. His last words were certainly suggestive of that state of mind; couple that with there being no sign at all of him since the incident, and you had some very short odds indeed. 
But the really smart money was on the Winter Soldier having killed himself, and that the senior hierarchy of SHIELD knew and had covered it up in order to maintain the functioning of Captain Rogers.(-Steve's woken by his name being spoken softly, and he'd recognise that voice anywhere. He opens his eyes to Bucky standing by his bed, light from the street keeping his face half in shadow. Bucky has left the window he came in through open, and Steve says the first thing that comes into his head, "You must be freezing. C'mere." Bucky hesitates a half-second before kicking his boots off and sliding into bed. Steve wraps his arms around Bucky, and there’s another hesitation before Bucky hugs him back, tucks his head under Steve’s chin. They hold each other for a couple of minutes before Bucky says, "You know SHIELD have your whole apartment bugged, right?""They going to come running?""They're seeing a tape of you sleeping like a baby." Steve takes a while to ask the question he wants to ask (the first question, he has so many), "Where did you go?""Took me to Camp Lehigh. Abandoned now. Good place to think. I- I still think you should have killed me-"Steve tightens his hold on Bucky, can't even form the words, instead presses a kiss to Bucky's forehead. "But I'm still here. And I gotta make amends. And there's only one thing I'm good at. So I was gonna ask SHIELD for a job."Steve smiles into Bucky's hair. "I think that having you as an Agent is on Director Fury's Christmas list." "Everyone wants the best weapons. And that's all I am.""Not to me." "I came here because I'm a selfish bastard, and I wanted to see you one last time. You don't need me. You've not needed me since '43." Steve loosens his hold enough to look at Bucky, to see the cold hopelessness in his eyes. "I need you. I need the guy who saw the kid from Brooklyn, not Captain America. But- I-" He pauses, tries to get his thoughts in order, falls back on cliche because it really is what he's trying to grasp right now, "I love you. I want you to be happy. If you have to leave for that to happen-" Bucky makes a strangled noise and surges forward to kiss him-)
Natasha had been watching Steve in the days following the Winter Soldier's disappearance, trying to work him out. Trying to work both of them out. Would Bucky kill himself? Go underground? Come back to Steve? The man she had known was self-sufficient, conditioned not to turn his gun on himself, most likely in those circumstances to just become someone else. But that wasn't the man who had disappeared in front of her.
And Steve, who had at first seemed to be a child's conception of an officer, politeness and dignity and leadership and little else, had shown he would risk everything to save his friend. Had showed that if it came to protecting someone close to him he could be downright reckless. But the moment Bucky had disappeared he had gone back to that image of an officer, some sort of protective autopilot.
She wondered if Steve would break. Or if the man underneath had broken, but not so completely as to break the image as well.
She felt it was reasonably likely that Bucky would make contact with Steve. She knew that SHIELD had full surveillance on Steve's apartment, and added her own recommendation that the intensity be stepped up. She was entirely sure that if there had been even the slightest hint of where Bucky had gone that Steve would have gone looking for him.
Six days after Bucky disappeared she thought that she noted a change in Steve, enough for her to report it, to suggest that they look into his movements in case Bucky had returned. She didn't hear anything back, and Steve was back to normal the next day. She thought that perhaps she had been over-analysing him. (-Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Jane Foster/Thor

