Chapter 1: What happened?
    




Chapter Text
He didn't know how long he'd been walking for but it felt like he'd been at it for days. The sun was relentless as it seemed to unleash all of it's heat down on his vulnerable shoulders and arms giving them the feeling of burning and fire, his make-shift hood gave him no relief. His mouth felt dry, his chest ached from the new scars and his right arm throbbed from the jagged cuts, that he got from his awkward landing in his escape, were beginning to show signs of infection.In the blistering heat, Tony could do nothing about his racing thoughts that jumped from one thing to another. He couldn't quell the internal battle as his thoughts instantly went to those that he didn't want to deal with. Like his destructive creations. Like the new decoration in his chest. Like Yinsen. A man that saved his life twice and had died in the process.There was a stab of pain in his chest at the thought of the other man. The man that he had grown used to. The man that had stopped him from going half crazy. The man that sat with him for hours, speaking softly to him as he calmed down form the terrorists latest persuasive session. He had liked Yinsen and he liked very few people. It had practically destroyed Tony when the man breathed out for the last time, giving him one last bout of wisdom. "Don't waste your life."Now, he was going to die in this dessert and die with the fact that he never got to make something of his life. He was never going to be able to prove--Tony's depressed thoughts came to a grinding halt as he heard the engine of a helicopter in the distance."Oh thank fuck." Tony breathed as the helicopter was preparing to land right in front of him. The swift blades made the loose sand fly around in a spiral motion, making him wince when it started to grate on his wounded arm even more than it had been. It didn't matter. He couldn't resist the huge grin that over took his face at the thought of Rhodey jumping out of the 'copter and giving him the biggest bro hug of history. He'd had so many fantasies about it already and he was more than happy that it was about to become true.Only, it wasn't Rhodey that jumped out of the 'copter. It was a man dressed all in black and had long brown hair aiming a gun straight at Tony.Life just wasn't fair, was it?The man fired without a moments hesitation and Tony was briefly aware that it wasn't a bullet that hit him before total darkness enveloped him. He didn't know where he was or how he got there but he knows that he's not in the cave anymore and this place has the potential to be a lot worse.He'd just woken up in the brightly lit room, blinded by the sudden brightness when he came to but he easily forgot about the sting of his eyes when he realised that he was restrained to a bed, face-down with an IV or something stabbed into his arm.Next, he attempted to lift his head but gave up and cursed loudly when he felt a wave of nausea hit him. It took all of his self control to not throw up.Tony's head was throbbing and his whole body ached like no tomorrow but what hurt worse was his back. It felt so tender that the slightest jostle would make him dizzy and on the edge to passing out.The worst thing was that, he was alone. There was no Yinsen this time around, no hope of a helping hand. He had no idea what these people wanted and no idea who these people were. He was absolutely clueless as to what the current situation was for him and was at a clear disadvantage in his area. The only thing he could really do was lay there and keep calm.It must had been a few hours before he heard a door to his right creek open and he heard someone enter the room."Good afternoon, Mr.Stark." a cheery voice echoed.Tony said nothing for a while and neither did the other guy. The silence stretched out and it became too much for Tony to hold back as he blurted, "Who are you?"The guys footsteps came closer to Tony but he had no idea how close he was before he felt a clod hand run down the length of his spine making him jump. "My name is of no importance to you." he replied all too smugly, "But you serve a great purpose here, Mr.Stark."Tony could feel the blood drain from his face at the tone of the man's voice. The guy sounded just short of crazy and that wasn't a good thing in any situation. "People will find me," he declared, voice betraying none of the unease he was feeling, "They'll know I escaped the Ten Rings and that I've been taken by another."Much to Tony's surprise, the man chuckled. Like it was some inside joke. "No they wont. You see, Mr.Stark, the US air force will find a blown up terrorist base with the evidence that you were there and never made it out. They will say that you died in that explosion and the search will end. The world will mourn and move on and you will be a dead man to society." the man explained in a bright tone and seemed oblivious of Tony's world crumbling around him."So you see, Mr.Stark, no one is looking for you. You have no 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Wingfic
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony-centric
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra experiments
Afghanistan
Past Torture
Recovery
Kidnapping
Attempted Kidnapping
Avengers are clueless
Bruce Is a Good Bro
SECRETS!!!
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Tony Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Mentions of Suicide
Non-Consensual Kissing
Blood and Gore
Protective Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Badass Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

