Chapter 1: Darcy Lewis
    




Chapter Text
Roughly 23 Years Ago
"They say you're brilliant with a computer," the small, curvy student snickered into Tony's ear. She had confetti in her hair and was obviously tipsy. She wrapped her arms around the young, dark-haired, genius boy. Though he usually was the centre of every party, today he seemed withdrawn, even sad. Still, for the sake of a beautiful young woman, he was obviously willing to make an effort.
"Gorgeous, I'm brilliant with more than just a computer."
The annual party, which marked the beginning of the New Year at MIT, was legendary for its music, booze and the chance for a casual hook-up. If you had no home to return to over Christmas and New Year, it was not uncommon to wake up in an unfamiliar bed and/or with a stranger. Though Anthony Edward Stark was younger than any other student, during these parties, at least one girl or another showed interest. It was still a surprise that Elisabeth Thomson had come on to him. 'Lizzie' was the classic, female beauty that pin-up fantasies were made of. Though she usually hid her smoking body in baggy cardigans, carried her hair in a messy bun, and wore oversized glasses that hid her bedazzling eyes, today he had forgone the concealment and dressed up, making his mouth dry at looking at her. She would graduate this summer and Tony, like numerous other students, couldn't wait to get his hands on the radar array she had developed. Unlike others, he might actually stand a chance, since he had worked with her before.
~ * ~ * ~
Even though the sun was lighting up her room the next morning, Tony felt reluctant to leave. Usually, he made a run for it as soon as possible. The sex had been calm and unhurried despite their more-than-tipsy state, more like making love than fucking. The teenager allowed himself a few more minutes of basking, wrapped around the soft body he was allowed to hold, before slipping out of bed to gather his clothes.
Gentleman that he was, he picked up the last condom he had not managed to sink into the bin after taking it off, and the wrappers that lay scattered over the floor. He did not notice that the expiration date on the little foil-wraps lay two years in the past.
 
Approximately 19 Years Ago
"Elisabeth, you have to talk to him!"
"How?" The dark-haired woman looked up from the pale, little girl in the hospital bed. The blond soldier stood at the other side of the bed like a guard, concern written all over his face when she mocked. "'Hi, Tony, I don't know if you remember me, but we had sex five years ago. Funny thing, I got pregnant and now your daughter has bone-marrow-cancer and you might be the only suitable donor.' I can see that going exceptionally well!" She sounded bitter, desperate even, but her husband of one year, partner of three, had to relate.
Andrew Lewis and Elisabeth Thomson had met during his second tour in Israel, four years previously. She had been a brilliant, ambitious young engineer, who had single-handedly enhanced the accuracy and efficiency of the radar station at the Dimona Radar Facility. It had been beyond him how she had managed her full-time job and her baby-girl, but she had, admirably. It had not taken him long to fall in love with both girls. That the feeling was mutual was revealed when she followed him back home, once he returned to America.
Since Elisabeth was a civilian, the brass had made accommodations for them. Andrew's commanding officer had had a hard time juggling his request to be stationed at a base where Elisabeth could utilize her brilliant mind to the military's advantage. After two years of serving on the same base on and off, he had finally been assigned a permanent home. One month after moving in together, he had proposed: first to Darcy, whose only concern had been losing her room. When he had assured her that he and her mum would share, the three-year-old had given him permission. So he had invited his girls to dinner. In the middle of the restaurant he had sunk to his knee and requested Elisabeth's hand in marriage.
Since the diner was close to the base, favoured by soldiers, the room had been dead silent. Every recruit and officer had looked at the Thomson women, and when Elisabeth had teared up and jumped into Andrew's arms, the joyous shouts and whistles had been deafening. He had adopted Darcy the same day he had married her mother. He was convinced that the couldn't love her more if she was his biological daughter.
Yet the sad truth was, she wasn't. And though they compared every DNA sample available in the U.S. military's databases to his daughter's, they still came up empty. The Army healthcare worked too slowly. The girl's health deteriorated more and more each day. Right now, Tony Stark was Darcy Lewis' last hope.
"I tried to contact him," Elisabeth revealed. "Several times in fact." Her voice was barely audible by now. "But he's shielded. Apart from attending the same party as him coincidentally, I don't see any chance of t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Bucky needs a new handler
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Abuse
Nightmares
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Touch-Starved
Stockholm Syndrome
Abuse
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

