Work Text:

So show me family,
All the blood that I would bleed.
I don’t know where I belong.
I don’t know where I went wrong.
But I can write a song.

~Ho Hey, The Lumineers
 (Excerpt recording from All Things Considered, NPR)
“I’m sorry, I need to stop you right there. Tony Stark is a lot of things, but a cold-blooded killer is not one of them. He has shown on numerous occasions his willingness to protect the city and its people, putting his life on the line to that end, and what you’re saying is—”

“What I’m, listen, what I’m saying is, it’s four days to Christmas, there’s a city in shambles, and the nation is in mourning because of the actions of a single man. I’m unclear how anyone can defend his so-called heroism, publicly or privately, when he has all but killed a true American hero.”
**
Two weeks ago
Steve’s eyelashes are dusted with gold. They’re dark underneath, and in most lighting— i.e., to the untrained eye— they look the same color as his eyebrows, a smooth raven at odds with that inherent evening sunlight in his hair.Tony does not have an untrained eye, not anymore. Now he studies the flash-curve of blond rolling up each lash, dwells on the way the sun speckles previously unseen facets and lights them up over the planes of Steve’s cheeks. In a row like they are, Steve’s eyelashes look like the flow of velvet cloth, glowing above, a fullness beneath where the shadows catch.Filaments. Maybe that’s the best word.Tony touches the side of his finger to the skin just beneath Steve’s lashes. Steve’s skin is warm, soft with fine hairs even there. He bends and, as carefully as he can, kisses Steve’s closed eyelid.Steve’s brows pinch. It’s a tiny, gradual thing that changes his whole face. He draws a breath through his nose and as he lets it out, his face clears. His hands rise, sluggish, from the bedclothes. He takes Tony’s face between his palms and angles him down without even opening his eyes, until their mouths meet.His dreams are a taste on Tony’s tongue. Steve kisses him as a sleeper rising: muted and watchful drifts upward to firm and aware, and the shape of Steve’s mouth changes, coaxes Tony’s open, eases the kiss under his control and draws it all steadily free of Tony’s grip as if he’s drawing one tool after another from Tony’s hands.Tony runs a palm down the naked length of Steve’s side while he still has the wherewithal, and Steve shudders. His body, covered by hatches of morning light, ripples into gooseflesh. The thin blanket between Tony’s duvet and his bed sheets loops the side of Steve’s hip like drapery over a Grecian idol, and Tony pushes it away, uncovering more skin, the arc of a thigh that lifts under his fingers as the kiss finally breaks.“Slept awhile.” His own voice sounds hoarse to him. Steve blinks once. Tony can feel the track of those eyes over his face, down to his chin and back up on a leisurely path. At the side of his neck, Steve’s thumb strokes just under his ear.The faintest of smiles glances across Steve’s face.He rolls up, shifts his grip to Tony’s hips and lifts all in one sinuous movement, stomach tensing as the slats of light file over it. And it’s barely an effort, Tony can see it in Steve’s face, as he is displaced and resituated onto his knees facing Steve, his legs locked round Steve’s hips as his lover kneels on the mattress. He looks like a statue rising into the light. Tony checks the instinctual heave of air into his lungs at the sight. Steve is awake now, no fog clouding his eyes, and they are fixed on Tony. It’s the intent there that stills any movement Tony might have made because this, this is arresting, and sharp. Convulsive against the end of every nerve.He can feel the blanket still between them, the edge of it over Steve’s left leg. He pulls it free with some effort, and forgets to pay attention when Steve moves, a heady shift of muscle beneath his own. Steve catches him off guard, halfway through inhaling, one hand tucked low at Tony’s back to hold him close as he rises on his knees, cants his hips, brings them together. Tony clutches at Steve’s shoulder blades, and Steve noses in, kisses him oh-so-gently on the mouth. Nothing but a peck, and then another, another nearer the corner of his lips. No penetration, not this morning, but Steve has never needed it to bring Tony to this precarious a state. Tony arcs his hips into it, instinctive, and meets Steve’s next slow thrust, the beginning of a devastating rhythm. Tony can feel the tensing of every single muscle he touches.Steve’s eyes are open, though heavy-lidded, and looking straight into his.It’s slow and quiet. Steve’s breath comes audibly through his nose, then across Tony’s lips with every chaste kiss he gives him. Every single roll of his hips, every slide, punches the breath out of Tony’s lungs. Steve’s hands climb up Tony’s back to his ribs and grip, press their bodies together. Tony can’t help probing at each kiss as it is given, openmouthed and drunk on it all, but Steve keeps it tantal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Major Character Injury
Tony Has Issues
Clint Needs a Hug
Canon-Typical Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Christmas
Battlefield
Media Backlash
Guilt
#coulsonlives
Denial of Feelings
Character Whomping
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

