Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Mei was nine and three quarters and she wasn't sure if she was going to live to ten, but she was very hopeful.
 
She had cancer that was living in her brain, and the doctors had tried very hard to get it out, but it didn't seem to be working.
She'd had surgery and chemotherapy and radiation and traditional Chinese medicine and acupuncture.
Some of them hurt more than others, and some didn't hurt at all, but did make her sick.
She'd seen pictures of her brain, ones where the cancer was little and she almost couldn't see it or believe that something so small was so bad. In other pictures it was bigger, and she wondered what she was doing to make it grow like that, if she was doing something wrong.
 
Not long ago, her doctors and nurses and parents sat down with her to discuss her options. This was the first time she'd been included in such an important discussion. Sometimes they asked her what she thought, but she never got to sit in on the meeting.
Maybe it was because she was almost ten. They realized she was responsible enough to make important decisions.
 
Except when they said options, they really meant if she wanted to keep getting sick or if she wanted to stop and let the cancer grow. And letting the cancer grow meant that she would also get sicker, but not in a way that hurt as much or made her as sick. Her hair wouldn't fall out and she wouldn't look like a skeleton and they wouldn't have to point the laser at her head or do anymore surgery.
But she'd still get sicker.
She knew what the meant. She knew they were really asking her if she wanted to die.
And she didn't, of course. Mei did not want to die, she wanted to grow up and get superpowers and join the Avengers.
But she also didn't want to hurt anymore.
That was what she told her parents and the doctors and nurses.
Her parents looked very sad, but said they were proud of her, and she tried to keep her lip from wiggling and bursting into tears.
 
They took her home after that, told her she wouldn't have to go back to the hospital anymore, that nurses could come to their house instead.
 
Sometimes she heard her parents whispering at night, about her. These days, it was always about her. Sometimes they fought about her, even though it was still whispering, and not yelling like they used to do. She knew they didn't want her to hear.
She wondered if she'd made the wrong decision.
 
One morning, they told her that she'd get to make a wish. She could pick anything she wanted, they told her, so she should start thinking about what she wanted, maybe to go on a trip or to have a big birthday party.
 
Mei nodded and immediately started thinking.
 
They went to meet the wish granter later that week. Her name was Kavita and she had pretty long hair that Mei wished she could have. But that wasn't her real wish, it was just a little one, not one you save up for big things like shooting stars or birthday candles.
Or wish granters.
 
“Hi Mei,” Kavita said. “Your parents tell me that you've been thinking about a wish you'd like. Have you decided on something?”
Mei nodded. “I want to meet Daredevil,” she said firmly.
Her parents glanced at each other, and then back at the wish granter.
“I'll see what I can do,” Kavita said.
 
 

 
 
Matt paused on his patrol. There was a woman on the roof. He was pretty sure that she was waiting for him.
“Mr Daredevil?” she called. “Is that you? I need to talk to you.”
Matt frowned at the person standing across from him on the roof.
“How did you find me?” he asked.
“Luck, mostly,” she admitted. “I've been sitting on rooftops every night for a week and a half. I figured you'd stop by eventually. I tried contacting you in other ways, advertisements in the paper, reaching out to some of your known associates, but none of it seemed to work.”
That pinged an alert in Matt's mind. Who was this person and why was she so determined to speak with him? Most people ran the other way screaming.
“What do you want?” he growled.
She winced. “I work in the New York chapter of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. I assume you've heard of it?” She continued without waiting for his response. “There's a young girl with a medulloblastoma, a brain tumour, and she's dying. She's had the cancer for a few years, and they've done surgery, chemo, radiation, but it keeps coming back and this time it's growing into her brainstem.”
Matt raised an eyebrow. He knew the woman couldn't see it under his suit, but she stopped anyway.
“The reason I'm coming to you is because her wish is to meet Daredevil. That's you.”
“Me?” he asked.
“Yes. She wants to meet you. We tried to get her to change her mind, meet the Avengers instead, since those guys are public and a hell of a lot easier to arrange a meeting with, not to mention safer, but she refused. Apparently you're her hero.”
Matt only stared at the woman standing across from him.
He didn't know what to do.
 
 

 
 
“You have to say yes,” Foggy told him, examining the card the woman gave him. They'd co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
make-a-wish
Children
Angst
Parkour
Friendship
Terminal Illnesses

fandom: 
None
