Chapter 1: The prisoner
    




Chapter Text
This was not her idea of fun. It was not even supposed to be her work. As a medical assistant her task was to assess the injuries of female prisoners, not male ones. She had a very sneaking suspicion that this was a setup, a devious plot to embarrass and make her uncomfortable. She was not exactly popular among the agents on this floor, and after they'd found out that she was also a part time sex ed teacher the jokes had never stopped coming.Normally there would be at least two male assistants available for this kind of assessment, but they were curiously occupied elsewhere and could not be called in. And since this really needed to be done right away... would she consider... blah blah blah... of course she had the option to refuse... yadda yadda yadda.Refuse, right. And never hear the end of it.
Damn it! If I can stand in front of a class of 30 teenagers, explaining the facts of life, and face their angry parents afterwards I should be more than capable of doing this.
She stepped into the confinement area and went through the usual routine. This was a high security sector and two heavily armed guards were to escort her while examining the prisoner. There would also be cameras, of course. The cell was under surveillance 24/7. She waited patiently for the cell door to slide open and the guards to enter first. Only then did she get a good look at the prisoner. He was sitting on a simple bed in the otherwise empty room, looking... in surprisingly good condition for someone who had had a close encounter with the Hulk. Most people wouldn't even have survived.She put her kit down and introduced herself. He looked thoroughly unimpressed.
"I am to do a medical assessment of your injuries," she explained cooly.
He sneered.
"That would be completely unnecessary."
"Maybe, but it's how we do it here."She stepped closer and began examining the bruises and cuts on his face. Interesting enough they were already showing signs of healing. She had been informed that the prisoner was of a race that healed extremely fast, but it had been an abstract concept until she actually saw it.
"Amazing," she mumbled, not even aware that she was speaking aloud.
"What is?"
"Oh... this healing capacity of yours. I've never seen anything like it."
That unimpressed look again, like it was beyond his dignity to interact to her.Charming.There wasn't much to patch up and no need for stitching. Then for the fun part.
"Strip!"
He looked at her dubiously. She glanced at the guards.
"I'm sorry about the audience, but it's how we do things. You can keep your underwear on."He sighed and looked like he was about to roll his eyes, then his clothes simply shimmered and vanished. Right, another alien ability. She hadn't actually believed in that one.Now he was watching her intently, like he finally acknowledged that she was a person and not just a nuisance. She assessed the bruises on his back and chest, checking for broken ribs, but there were, surprisingly, none. One or two may have been bruised though, judging from how he flinched when she prodded him."Is your body temperature normally this low?" she asked, offering him a mouth thermometer. He threw it away.
Sigh!
Well, she couldn't force a grown man to put a stick in his mouth.
She brought out the ear thermometer instead, but one look at his face told her that wasn't a good idea either. No poking in orifices.She continued the examination and prodded his belly for painful spots. That's when she noticed it.
"Really?" She lifted an eyebrow. "Now?"
"Don't flatter yourself, mortal," he growled.Erections were not unusal in medical examinations but she hadn't even touched that area.She could just imagine how the other agents were watching the monitors and laughing at her expense. Someone was going to pay for this.Yes, she was grateful for underwear. And the fact that aliens wore them.There didn't appear to be any broken bones or internal bleeding.When she offered him painkillers he gave her a contemptous look.
"You think I'm like you feeble humans? That I can't withstand a bit of pain?
"I don't think you should put up with pain when it isn't necessary."
He looked away to show his disdain.It was doubtful if they would have worked anyway; hardly anything was known about his physiology and it was pure guesswork what might have worked and in what dose."Do you have pain anywhere else? Any discomfort, nausea, dizzyness...?
"What concern is that of yours?" he asked.
"It's my job to assess those things."
"You're a healer."
"If that's what you like to call it. We don't use that term anymore."He hadn't answered her question so she repeated it, with the same result. His eyes didn't waver from her though, and she wondered if he had any questions of his own. Or anything to add.
"Do you enjoy what you do?" he asked instead.
This particular part? No!
"You don't find it ironic?" he continued before she could answer. "To work for an organization like S.H.I.E.L.D. if your incentiv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Hostage Situations
Abduction
Swearing
Loki Does What He Wants
Sexual Content
Seduction
Shameless Smut
Possessive Loki
POV Third Person
Enemies to Lovers
original MCU Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

