Work Text:
  Erik learns new things about his son every day: 

Peter is 27.
He has an unhealthy love affair with mass produced junk food. The only thing saving him from a heart attack at fifty is how often he runs.
Which is because he is never still. Tapping fingers, cracking knuckles, swinging feet, head bobbing to music, a mouth that never shuts up.
He must constantly be entertained. His Walkman is a constant presence on his hip, inseparable, like a mother and her infant. He changes the television channel with every commercial.
 All of these facts about Peter converge to make his life absolute misery when he catches a stomach virus. Erik knows something is wrong when Peter doesn’t show up at the breakfast table to slather half a bottle of syrup on his pancakes. He finds Peter in his room, sitting on the edge of his bed and staring at a shirt in his hand that he has yet to put on.“Peter?” Erik knocks on the open door to gain his son’s attention (his son. He has a son.). Peter is never still.The boy jerks, as if he had been lost in thought, and looks at Erik with glassy eyes.“I feel weird, man. Like, really, really weird.”His voice comes like syrup, soft and slow and nothing like the rapid babbling Erik is used to. In two seconds, he crosses the room in long, concerned strides and places his hand on Peter’s forehead, praying that Peter did not overdose on some kind of drug because he got bored.It’s scorching.“You have a fever,” Erik tells him. “A high fever. You should get back into bed. I’m getting the thermometer.”“Noooo way, man. I am not tired,” Peter declares, even as he leans heavily into Erik’s palm.“Get into bed.”“There are pancakes downstairs,” Peter whines.“I’m not asking.” Erik gives Peter the same stare that he uses to shut Sean and Hank up when they got too rambunctious. It’s just as effective on his son.“Bossy,” Peter mutters, climbing back into the covers.Erik concentrates for a moment and the thermometer floats in from the bathroom down the hall.“Open up.”Peter huffs a sigh, crossing his arms before allowing Erik to insert the thermometer. A sharp, jolting pain hits Erik like a kick to the chest.The petulant frown, the crossed arms, the impatient tapping of fingers and the way Peter’s eyes cross as he tries to gauge his own temperature. He is a mirror image of Nina, who loathed having her temperature checked.Erik has to take a second to breathe.“102,” he announces a minute later. It’s higher than what he expected. He fights down a rising panic. Nina had temperatures higher than this, and Peter is a grown man.His son groans and lays his head back in the pillows. “I’m going to get you a glass of water. Don’t move from that bed.”Of course, if Peter wanted to go for a brisk jog to Manhattan and back in the time that Erik is gone, he would never know. Erik latches on to the metal in the Walkman, stored safely on the night stand, and monitors it instead.It takes a few minutes of combing through the cabinets to find the glasses. He has no idea where the medicine is stored, since he never takes it.
Charles, do we have any fever reducer?
Not at the moment. I’m afraid last week rather cleared us out.Last week several students had come down with fever and aches and a racking cough. Peter had kept them entertained, playing his Walkman for them and dancing, or telling knock knock jokes and keeping up with the endless requests for pillows or fans or water or wastebaskets.  Come to think of it, that’s probably the cause of his predicament today. Not even Peter can outrun an infection.I’ll have Raven pick some up at the store, Charles adds.Erik nods, a habit despite knowing that Charles didn’t see it, and gets Peter his glass of water. The Walkman hasn’t moved, and by the time Erik returns, Peter is snoring and drooling slightly on his pillow.Something clenches in his chest, as if Peter dug his fingers in past Erik’s ribs and squeezed.Sometimes looking at Peter hurts. He never expected a son, and often it doesn’t feel real to him. Peter is already grown; he doesn’t need Erik and Erik had no part in shaping him. They are father and son in name and genetics only. Erik never soothed his cries or taught him to ride a bike or witnessed the day his powers manifested.He doesn’t know what they could possibly gain from each other, but he cannot help but be drawn to him.Quietly he sets the glass of water down and, after a moment’s deliberation, smooths some of Peter’s hair away from his mouth and tucks it behind his ear.  Raven laughs when Erik tells her of Peter’s condition.“Serves him right,” she said. “He told me he hadn’t gotten sick in twelve years. Says he outruns the germs. Like, are you fucking kidding me?”A smile twitches Erik’s lips. He should find Peter’s sense of humor immature and irritating. Instead it’s refreshing.“We are out of pain reliever. I need you to go into town and replenish our stock.”Raven’s eyebrows raise. “Try that again?”Erik glares at her and she glares right back. Sometimes he misses the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Raven | Mystique
Erik Lehnsherr & Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Sick Fic
Erik sings the lullaby
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff with a side of angst
Erik POV
Raven and Peter's friendship continues to intrigue me
dadneto
Sequel fic to Woodstock 83

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Raven | Mystique
Erik Lehnsherr & Charles Xavier

