Chapter 1: I. Longing
    




Chapter Text
“I thought we understood each other, Steve,” Bucky mumbled. He sat on one of the thin mats that covered the stainless steel tables in the sterile cryo lab. A blanket was draped over his shoulders, and he was still shivering as he stared at the floor and essentially . . . thawed.Steve shifted from one foot to the other, his arms crossed protectively over his chest, forcing himself not to wrap his arms around Bucky to warm him. He’d moved to do it initially, of course, but Bucky had flinched away from him so violently, he didn’t dare try it again. “I understood you perfectly. You said until they could get it all out of your head. And Buck, this is going to work.”Bucky lifted icy blue eyes to glare at Steve; the same reprimand Steve remembered from their childhood, when Steve would try to justify the fight he’d just instigated or the self-care he’d just neglected. The same eyes he remembered from the War, when the Sarge would force every man of the 107th’s Tactical Team to make damn sure their asses were covered and warm and fed and had an extra Lucky Strike or two before he saw to himself.They hadn’t called themselves the Howling Commandos back then. Not until after both Bucky and Steve had been lost. Steve reminded himself to tell Bucky about the name later, he’d get a kick out of it.Steve raised one eyebrow in challenge to Bucky’s lingering expression. “You know I’m immune to that look.”It didn’t keep Bucky from giving it to him harder. And it didn’t keep Steve from wanting to fidget. Maybe immune was too strong a word?“The doctors here say there’s a 75% chance this will work,” Steve reiterated, trying to shrug his shoulders until they seemed smaller, to hit some sort of Pavlovian protective response from Bucky’s youth and make that glare stop. It didn’t work so well.Bucky sighed loudly and closed his eyes. “Steve. I’m . . .” Dangerous, was left unspoken, but understood all the same.Steve stepped closer and reached gently, telegraphing his movement as noisily as possible, until Bucky allowed him to put a gentle hand on Bucky’s forearm – the one that he still possessed, resting on his knee. “We’ve gone up against worse odds, Buck. You and me.”Bucky was still and silent. Finally he raised his head, jutting his chin out stubbornly. “I remember.”Steve allowed himself a crooked smirk. “Read about ’em in a museum, right?” he muttered as he stepped back to give Bucky his space once more. All those months he’d spent agonizing over whether Bucky would ever remember anything, and they seemed so distant now, so pointless. Bucky remembered damn near everything, even things Steve himself had forgotten or allowed to gloss over with time.Bucky gave a strangled, frustrated groan. “I knew they’d be coming for me, okay? I hoped shoving you out the window would save you. Metaphorically or . . . y’know, literally. Whatever.”Steve shook his head and glanced over his shoulder to see if the team was ready yet. He got a thumb’s up in response. “How’d that work out for you, buddy?”“You ruin everything, Stevie,” Bucky mumbled. Another shiver ran through Bucky’s solid body as he continued to glare at Steve. His eyes darted to the medical team. “You’re staying?”“Yeah. The docs think having a familiar face will help. Is that okay?”Bucky was silent, his expression guarded and unreadable. Steve pushed down that now familiar ache in his heart, the one that came with the realization that his best friend, his Bucky, was no longer the man from his memories. He was Bucky, but different. Older. Harder. Bigger and meaner. Full of sorrow and with new quirks and new expressions, none of which Steve knew how to read. Yet. None he knew how to read yet. He would learn, though. He had a whole lifetime to learn, and to help Bucky erase that sadness from his soul.“Steve,” Bucky said, so quietly that his lips barely moved beneath his unshaven scruff. “If they hit a tripwire. I mean, if I go haywire . . .”“You won’t.”“But if I do,” Bucky said more forcefully. “You have to put me down.”That ache was harder to push down this time. Steve pursed his lips and gazed over Bucky’s metal shoulder cuff, feigning thought. He nodded minutely. “Okay.”“Steve,” Bucky warned.“I said okay, Buck. Okay.”“Say it like you mean it, then, not like a lying jackhole.”“What’s a jackhole?” Steve asked, wanting to laugh but unable to in the face of Bucky’s solemn face. Bucky gestured helplessly at Steve as an example.Silence began to grow heavier as Steve forced his eyes to meet Bucky’s. He could see the fear behind the ice in them, see the pure, agonizing terror. Bucky was carrying every life Hydra had made him take in those eyes. Steve couldn’t bear to let him carry more guilt, more pain. The thought of harming one more innocent person must have been enough for Bucky to ask this of Steve in earnestness, and Steve couldn’t in good conscience be flippant about it.He swallowed convulsively, nodding in tiny starts and stops. “If you go haywi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Multiple Partners
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Tony Stark doesn't want your damn hugs
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Doesn't Give A Fuck
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Canon Compliant
Post-Canon
Anal Sex
Angry Sex
like super angry sex
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Angst
hints of D/s
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
mentions of Steve Rogers's suicidal tendencies
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes has a dirty mouth and he knows how to use it
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
you done fucked up son
Rimming
bucky barnes finally cuts his goddamn hair
steve has anger issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

