Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
It was not often that the famous Thunderbolt Ross went into battle without his uniform.Negotiation was not his forte.  He would have preferred the meeting to be on his own terms, on his own turf, with the full, intimidating force of olive service dress and a chest full of brass bolstering him.  His forthcoming opponent was not one to be feared, but he expected resistance and no small amount of idiocy.  In better days it would have been beneath him.  But Ross's better days were behind him, and he had little choice but to march into a federal prison in a charcoal suit, with only one plain-clothes officer at his side.The warden met him just past the security checkpoint, and after a tedious exchange of pleasantries, they continued on to the visitation wing.  A private room had been prepared with a table, two chairs, and a cell phone, as per Ross's request.  With his officer waiting outside Ross took his seat, and as soon as the door was closed behind him, he picked up the phone and dialed.It was answered on the second ring by a man's rough voice.  "Yes?""It's me," said Ross.  "I'm here.  I hope you're sure about this, Osborn.  You know how I feel about wasting my time.""I am out of options," said Norman Osborn.  He sounded even worse than the last time they'd spoken only the day before--his breath seemed to hiss against each word.  "And so are you, so unless you have an alternative to suggest, I don't see what choice we have."Ross hated to agree, and was spared from having to do so when the far door opened.  A guard stepped through leading a uniformed prisoner: possibly the last man General Ross would have ever wished to go to for assistance.  When the guard offered to cuff the man to the chair, Ross declined, and they were left alone."Hammer," Ross greeted, making no effort to hide his irritation.  "It's been a long time."That time hadn't been kind to Justin Hammer.  Whenever he surfaced for another court appeal he managed to put on a spectacle for the cameras, but there was no hiding the weight he'd lost beneath his orange prison jumper, the dark circles under his eyes, the gray in his hair.  For several beats he stared at Ross in shock and looked nothing like the smarmy little asswipe Ross was ashamed to have ever worked with.  It may have been an improvement."General Ross."  Hammer rallied himself and took a seat.  He looked jumpy and Ross liked that.  "Well.  If I'd known you were coming I would have put the champagne on ice."Ross's smile was mostly sneer.  "But you know I only drink whiskey."  He set the cell phone to speaker and placed it on the table between them.  "Besides, we're talking business now.""Business."  Hammer gave a short laugh and then eyed the phone as if it were a python.  "Funny.  Business with whom?""Hello, Hammer," the phone croaked.  "This is Norman Osborn."Hammer flinched back and then laughed again.  "Norman Osborn himself, huh?  This is quite an occasion."  He relaxed back in his chair with a bitter smirk.  "But you're barking up the wrong tree.  You must be looking for the head of Hammer Industries.  By which I mean, not me.""If he could help me, believe me, I wouldn't be here."  Ross reached into his jacket and removed a folded piece of paper to pass across the table.  Hammer didn't make any move to accept it at first, but as Ross continued, he reluctantly peeled it open.  "Within a few weeks, Oscorp will own everything left of Hammer Industries worth owning," said Ross.  "Between the negotiations and your ongoing trial, we were able to acquire a very comprehensive list of your assets and transactions.  Among them, there's at least one item unaccounted for.  It was moved from Hammer Industries' main facility to a storage unit sometime in 2009, but it's not there now."Hammer tugged his glasses off the collar of his jumper and slipped them on as he read over the sheet.  When he reached the item Ross had highlighted, his eyebrows rose.  "The vita-ray chamber.""Is it the real thing?"Hammer glanced to him over the top of his glasses.  Something clicked in that pea-sized brain of his and Ross knew Hammer had him by the balls already.  Not that it really mattered.  He had reconciled with what he would have to do before stepping foot in the prison. "It took you a lot longer than I thought it would," said Hammer.  He set the paper down.  "General Ross, chaser of little green men.  All that time looking for the American dream, and you never thought to recreate the exact circumstances.""Is it the real thing?" Ross asked again.Hammer was trying very hard to not grin.  After a year in the pen any man would have pounced on the chance to be a king, if even for just a few minutes in a prison visitation room.  "Oh it's real," he said, all his earlier jitters replaced with smugness.  "Everyone said the thing was dismantled back in the fifties.  'Cause you see, by itself, it's worse than useless.  Vita-rays are nasty business.  Give people cancer.  Without 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Hulk/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Age Difference
Dubious Consent
Size Kink
Hulk Sex

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Hulk/Peter Parker

