Chapter 1: Then I Went Off to Fight Some Battle
    




Chapter Text

Logically, he knew that the suit was able to filter out smells.  That didn’t keep the smell of burning building from flooding his nose as he searched the bottom floor of the building.

Luckily, the explosion had been away from the more public areas of the first floor.  The lobby had emptied of people within minutes, streaming out along with the smoke.  The rest of the floor included the reactor room, which had filled with fire suppressant immediately, and a few more of the operational departments like maintenance and mail.

Tony figured that the bomb had probably come in with the mail.  He and Friday had been looking at moving all mail sorting off-site, but they hadn’t done it yet.  It wouldn’t have saved everyone, but maybe a few.  

“Tony, I have cleared the maintenance department,” Vision said over coms.  “There were two men there.  I assume the others were off doing repairs in other sections of the building.”

“Thanks, V,” Tony replied.  He neared the mailroom, noting that the fire burned hotter there.  The guy in charge of the mailroom, Christos, he thought, had been a great guy.  Always showed Tony the pictures of his two girls, Mara and Thea.  Cute kids.  He made a mental note to visit them personally and apologize, and to tell their mom that she’d never have to worry about money or anything else.  Cold comfort, but it was all he could do.

He found him huddled behind one of the x-ray machines.  The source of the blast was down one of the garbage chutes.  Christos must have realized what was happening, and then tried to mitigate the blast.  Maybe if he had run, he might have made it.  But he had stayed and tried to help.  

Tony thought he might throw up.

There were no survivors that he could tell from this floor.  It was time that he and Vision started moving up.  He started making plans with Friday for what to do next.

“My gal, we’ve got to start planning for the aftermath,” he said.

“On it, Boss,” Friday replied.

“First thing, we need to make sure that the employees are covered.  I mean full salaries and benefits until we get up and running again.  Anyone who doesn’t feel safe working for me anymore, I want to give them a year’s severance and outplacement help…”
 
“I cannot let you go back to New York at this moment,” T’Challa said.  

Steve was ready to hit something.  “We have to go back and help them,” he argued.  “Someone tried to hurt them.”

“Steve, do you really think Tony would accept our help right now?” Sam asked.  “He’d be as likely to believe that we were the ones behind it.”

The horror of that statement made Steve sink onto the sofa.  “He wouldn’t…”

“He might,” Natasha said.  “Even if he doesn’t think we were trying to kill him, he won’t trust us to help.  He’s been pulling up the drawbridge for months.  He has ignored any and all attempts to reach out to him, barring the one that Bruce made on our behalves.  He as much as told the world we were dead to him.  I don’t think he’s going to be happy if we show up on his doorstep.”

“And if you do show your face in New York, one of two things are likely to happen,” T’Challa said.  “You are either arrested, or they try to arrest you and you make the situation worse by escaping.”

Steve buried his face in his hands.  He had screwed this up, no two ways about it.  And he’d done it in a way that  continually screwed Tony over. 

He’d been looking back at his actions, and there was more than one point where he could have made a better decision, most importantly telling Tony the truth in the beginning.  But he hadn't, and then he'd made sure that he was the one who ended up with all of the backup.  Friends.  Natasha would have been useful in seeing this sort of thing coming.  Clint too.  Sam could have helped Rhodey keep an eye out.  Wanda could have protected people.

And Steve.  Well.  He could have followed Tony into the fire, to watch his back.  

And now he was stuck in Wakanda, unable to help.  People were dying because he had been too fucking stubborn to listen.  Too naive.  Rhodey had it right.  He was dangerously arrogant.

And it was time that he faced that.



“Looks like you got your big boom,” the man said, smirking at the television coverage.

“Indeed,” the woman said.  “That should drive the rats from their hiding places.  They won’t be able to help themselves.”

“Any particular rat you’re looking to trap?” the man asked.  

“Any or all will do, although I do like that little witch” she said.  “And why are you so happy to help?”

“I want the big guy,” the man said.  “I owe him a couple.  The red-headed bitch too.”

“I wish you happy hunting, then, Mr. Rollins,” the woman said.

“And what about you?  If I come across your witch, how do I get in contact?” Jack Rollins asked.  With the Hydra network crippled, it was hard to keep in contact these days.

“I will hopefully be returning home soon, but until then, call this number,” she said, writing down a series
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Hurt Tony
Hurt Steve
Hurt Bucky
Fix-It
But Steve better work his butt off
Because Tony don't have time for his s#!+

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

