Work Text:
Tony pulls Steve in, kisses him, catches Steve's bottom lip between his teeth and tugs gently.  Steve's fingers tighten in Tony's shirt to pull him closer and deepen the kiss, but Tony pulls back before he can.He says "Wait, you only do relationships," and Steve's heart plummets."Yes…" Steve draws the word out.  He’s joking, right?  Tony can’t be serious.  Steve searches his face for a sign but Tony’s eyes are dark with no sign of humour.  Well, this was short-lived.  He almost wants to laugh.  After all the uncertainty and heartache he's gone through over the last week wondering if Tony could possibly return his feelings it never occurred to him that that wouldn’t be enough.  That Tony's fear of commitment would end this thing between them before it even starts.He can't do a friends with benefits thing with Tony, he knows.  He likes him way too much for that.  It'd wreck him."I don't do relationships.  This is terrible," Tony says, confirming Steve's worst fear and Steve feels something inside of him crumple.  He's not sure which is worse: when he thought Tony could never like him or now, knowing Tony likes him and still doesn't want to be with him.  Steve pulls back, tries to fix his face into something resembling understanding and hopes that he can get over his terrible disappointment enough to salvage their friendship when Tony pulls him in close again—what?—and then Tony's saying "No, you don't understand.  The horrible part, darlin', is that I want to with you."Steve stops, tries to wrap his head around the idea that Tony is saying he can have this, that he wants this too, even as he feels the smile break across his face.   His breath hitches in his chest as Tony calling him darlin’ registers.  "You asking me out on a date, Stark?" he teases, giddy and almost afraid to believe that he’s this lucky."Yeah, I guess I am," Tony says with a smile, and wow, it looks like Steve really is that lucky after all.  "So what do you think?"Steve didn't think he could grin any wider but, at those words, he's pretty sure he somehow manages it.  Of course he wants to.  He crushes their mouths together, lets his passion answer for him.  God, Tony.  Kissing Tony is different than anything he’s ever done before.  The hands that clutch at his arms and pull him close are strong and calloused, not at all like the hands that have touched him like this before.  Nothing like girls’ hands.  And it’s new and strange and delightful, the way Tony’s beard scratches at his face as they kiss.  Even the way Tony kisses is different.  God, all of it is driving Steve absolutely crazy.  He’d dreamed of this, fantasized about it, but until he had Tony in his arms like this, he couldn’t be sure whether he’d actually like it.He does.  He so does.He feels like there's not enough air in the room.  Like he's drowning.  Like he won't ever get enough of Tony and his kisses.  The feel of Tony under his arms, the way he licks into his mouth, the beard burn tingling along his jaw…it's all making Steve’s head swim with desire, making his fingers clench and his toes curl, and he can barely think past the haze of want.And God help him, but Tony seems to feel the same way.  He makes sexy little noises when Steve sucks on his tongue, presses into his touch when Steve skates his hands down his back.  God, he just wants to touch and feel him all over.  He wants—Tony’s phone starts ringing and he breaks the kiss.  "You've got to be fucking kidding me," he says, pulling away from Steve to jam his hand into his pocket and pull out his phone.“You’re going to answer that?” Steve acts with a touch of incredulity.  If his phone started ringing right now, the only reason he’d be going for it would be so that he could smash it against the wall."It's Pepper," Tony sighs, casting Steve an apologetic look.  "If I miss too many of her calls, she just shows up."  Tony settles back in next to Steve."Heya, Pepper-pot.  …Yeah, he's here," says Tony, giving Steve a quick smile.  "We talked.  Things went…well."  Steve raises an eyebrow at him.  "It went extremely well.  …No, you do not get to say you told me so.  You told me nothing."  Steve gives Tony a confused look but Tony waves him off.  What are they talking about?  "Whatever."  Tony chuckles.  "Anyway, remember how I said he was here?  Well, he still is."  There's a long pause and Steve is pretty sure he can hear Pepper laughing.  "Right.  I'll talk to you later, Pep.  Bye."Tony hangs up the phone, then turns to Steve.  "Um, so," he says."Pepper?" Steve asks."Yep.""How is she?""She’s good."Steve nods invitingly but Tony doesn’t offer anything more.  He feels awkward now, the interruption making him unsure.  What do they do now?  He’d really like to kiss Tony again but the moment is gone and the look Tony’s giving him is considering, nothing of the dark-eyed desire he’d exhibited earlier."So…" Tony drawls.Steve rubs a hand over the denim of his jeans slowly.  Was it always so quiet in here?  "I think we were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
PWP
well there's a little plot
but mostly PWP

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

