Chapter 1: The Iron in the Man
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Hey, can we at least get some music in here?  Seriously, guys, I know you lackeys are supposed to be guarding me, but I’m about to die of boredom back here, c’mon, can we--”


Over the incessant rambling, one soldier glanced over at his partner in the seat next to him.  Both wore equally blank expressions, but their eyes were screaming for someone to put them out of the misery.


Or to just take out the target of their guarding mission.


“Seriously,” the soldier mumbled, “how is a ten-year-old important enough to put up with this?”


“I wonder whose kid he is,” his partner mumbled back.


“I feel sorry for his parents,” the first soldier replied.


“Are we even sure he’s ten?  He looks more like--”


The soldier didn’t get to finish his sentence before the first IDE went off, taking out the humvee in front of them.


---


In an instant, his world went from mentally torturing a few hired soldiers to fire and shooting, and after the soldiers in his humvee (which was no longer the “funvee,” and oh boy was he going to be lodging complaints about this with 

someone

 and 

everyone

 when he returned) got shot, all he could do was wrestle his way over one of the guards and sneak around the back of the humvee, trying to figure out where the attack was coming from.


He pulled out his phone - which 

of course

 had signal, because he was 

good

 at what he did, excuse you - to call for help and complain about the horrendous fuck up that this demonstration had turned into-- when he didn’t even 

want

 to be presenting a demonstration, he had been about to turn on SNOW-- but the call was never completed.


A missile landed next to him, bearing the bright white logo of Stane Industries, and the only thing he had time to do was think, 

oh shit

, before it detonated, sending him crashing onto his back, blood starting to sprout from his chest.


---


The first time he woke up to find wires sticking out of a hole in his chest, and his entire world on 

fire

 with pain, he only had the sense of mind to scream before a felt a prick in his arm and he was unconscious again.


Waking up the second time was barely less unpleasant.


“Don’t move,” an older man said, sitting over him.


He struggled to his elbows anyway, only to see the wires and gaping hole in his chest weren’t part of his nightmare.


“What did you 

do to me

?”  He demanded.


The man introduced himself as Yinsen, and began to explain what little he could.


Yinsen didn’t know why a ten-year-old had been kidnapped, he had only been thrown in a room with him bleeding out on a table and told to save his life.


He wasn’t sure if he was grateful or not, at the moment.


---


“I am sorry we are meeting under these circumstances, Tony Stark,” a voice said, and abruptly the black bag was pulled off of his face, causing him to blink several times to refocus his eyes.


He was in a cave with Yinsen nowhere in sight, and with all the lack of decent accommodations-- or, you know, 

air conditioning

-- that that entailed, and he shook his head, trying to orient himself.  On reflex, he flexed his arms, but as tightly as he was tied to the hard wooden chair beneath him, and with the 

car battery

 still hooked into his chest, none of the basic training he’d received would be useful unless he wanted to break a thumb.


And he’d 

really

 prefer not to break a thumb.  That 

hurt

, and his chest hurt plenty already.


“... But I’m afraid your 

handlers

 made it rather hard to reach you through more conventional means,” his kidnapper had continued.


He blinked and squinted until he could make out the face of the bald man standing in front of him.


“I don’t know who the hell you are,” he began, forcing bravado into his voice, young and wiry as it was, “but I’m afraid you’ve kidnapped the wrong child genius.  I feel bad for that sucker, though.  Who the hell is Tony Stark?”


The man’s expression barely changed, but he could read the man’s surprise.


“My name is Raza,” the man-- Raza-- began.  “And I work for an organization called the Ten Rings.  As for Tony Stark, you 

are

 Stark.  I have to admit, even I never predicted they wouldn’t even tell you who you really are.”


Raza shook his head.


His patience snapped.


“Look, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about, who never said 

what

?  If you think you’re making sense, you’re even dumber than I thought.  Do you 

know

 who I work for?”


Raza’s eyes narrowed, and he had time to think, 

whoops, don’t piss off the terrorist!



“Yes, Tony Stark, I know who you are, and who you work for.  But apparently 

you

 do not.”


“For the last time, my name is 

not

 Tony Stark.  And are you going to tell me what the hell is going on here or is that not in your evil monologuing plans?”


Raza smiled what he probably thought was a parental smile, but it just made his skin cra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Hulk & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Kid Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Secret Identity
Identity Issues
Past Brainwashing
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Bad Parenting
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Bucky Barnes
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Identity Porn
No Porn
Hacking
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Implied/Referenced Torture
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Canonical Character Death
Medical Conditions
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Palladium Poisoning
Deaf Clint Barton
Trust
Major Character Injury
Doombots
The Tesseract (Marvel)
Battle of New York (Marvel)
Advanced Idea Mechanics
Extremis
Bucky Barnes Feels
Domestic Avengers
Banter
Inappropriate Humor
Enemies to Friends
Trust Issues
Guilt
Post-HYDRA Reveal
Tony is a drama queen
Identity Reveal
Angst with a Happy Ending
and then a final kick in the feels
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Hulk & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

