Work Text:
It starts off innocently enough.  Whenever he calls in to speak with SHIELD Technical Analyst Lewis she banters and flirts with him.  It's casual and Steve likes it more than he should. He soon finds himself calling her ’doll’ and ’sweetheart’as she sends the team whatever details they need. He finds his lips twitching into a smile as he dials her number."SHIELD's home for sociopaths, disenfranchised demigods, and super soldiers.  Miss Lewis speaking.  How may I direct your call?" Darcy asks in a slightly nasal tone that makes Steve chuckle."Hey, doll," Steve says. “What can I do for you today, Captain?" Darcy asks in that flirty tone she gets when he calls."I need the blue prints for all the properties owned by Ionosphere International in Philadelphia," Steve says as he takes his seat on the quinjet beside Clint."What, no Stark with you on this one?" Darcy asks and he can hear her fingers tapping on her keyboard. "Not on today's mission. Pepper dragged him off kicking and screaming to a meeting with the SI board of directors," Steve smirks as his and Clint's phones both ping."Sent you the schematics for all holdings of Ionosphere International and the home address of Mr.  Carter the CEO.  Anything else you need, Captain?""Not today, sweetheart.  Thanks," Steve replies
.
"Adios, Cap, and good luck," Darcy says as she disconnects the phone."Does your girlfriend know you have a crush on Agent Lewis?" Clint asks as he checks over the cockpit of the quinjet and Steve rolls his eyes."It's nothin', ‘sides Beth called it quits on me last week.  Too many cancelled dates," Steve says with a huff."Sorry, bro," Clint mutters and they both fall silent for the remainder of the flight............"Hey, doll," Steve says as he answers his comm and takes a few steps away from the team, the gravel of the roof crunching under his boots."Doll?  Who the fuck is doll?" Bucky asks as he peers over the edge of the roof and Steve tries to ignore it and listen to Darcy give instructions on the location of the machine they are after."Agent Lewis, SHIELD technical analyst.  Dark hair, big blue eyes, acid tongued little thing with a killer rack and a tendency to tase agents and demigods in the balls. Rogers has a hard-on for her. They met at last month's fundraiser.  It was hilariously awkward; I have video," Tony says from behind his face plate. "Hey, Cap, ask Lewis what she's wearing."Fuck off, Steve mouths flipping Stark the bird. "Sorry about that, Darce.""S'okay, soldier.  You can ask me if you want to.  If you aren't too chicken," Darcy says and Steve falls silent for a moment."Okay, Lewis, I'll bite. What are you wearing?" Steve asks lowly into the phone."Mmm, I bet you do. I'm on helicarrier rotation next so SHIELD standard issue catsuit but the zipper's busted and keeps sliding down," Darcy says, voice low and seductive, and Steve almost forgets to breathe for a second.“Nice, doll,” he says after a few heart beats too many and he is glad he’s wearing his suit for once to hide the colour creeping up the back of his neck."I’ve sent you the Luxemburg, and the file on Dr. H,” Darcy says tone switching back to professional, or as professional as their conversations ever get.  “Oh, and before I forget you can tell Stark, if he fucks with my systems again I'm turning his suit Power Ranger pink."“You can do that?” Steve asks.“I can do all sorts of things, Captain,” Darcy says and Steve grins and kicks at a pebble. “If that’s all I better go. Son of Coul is on a rampage and just smacked Lieutenant Smith with his cane for playing Galaga again.”“Bye, sweetheart,” Steve says and switches comms channels, back straightening, and plans coalescing in his head.  “Alright, Iron Man, Hawkeye we need eyes on....”........................................
The team is holed up in an abandoned building in Brazil.  It’s stifling hot and he is exhausted as he sets his shield down beside the nest of blankets that is his bed for the night. He strips off his gloves, jacket and undershirt, feeling like he can breathe for the first time in days. He lies down on the blankets, rubs his hand across his tired eyes and stares up at the beam of light that stretches across the stained ceiling.He can hear the sounds of the city through the broken window and Bucky and Clint arguing in a room farther down the hall. It’s almost peaceful he supposes, if a little lonely.  He scrubs at his face and digs his phone out of a pocket, pressing the preset number for Darcy. Maybe if he hears her voice he can drift off to sleep for a little while anyway.“Fury’s house of erotic love, Mistress Darcy here to see to all your darkest fantasies,” Darcy says, practically purring the words, and thoughts of her flood his mind.“Hey there, doll,” Steve says.“You okay, Captain?  Wait, hold on a sec,” Darcy says, and he hears the rustle of fabric and the quick tapping of Darcy’s fingers across a keyboard. “We’re secure now. Talk to me.”“M’Okay, just tired,” Steve says as he stretche
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Phone Sex
Phone Calls & Telephones
Masturbation
Darcy is the team's Garcia
Awkwardness
Porn With Plot

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

