Chapter 1



Summary:

Vision leads the first one back and Tony reverts to old habits quicker than you can say Sokovia.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It had taken Tony just over five months to tear down the Accords from the inside, bending and twisting, pushing and manipulating, and then finally intimidating and forcing the changes he knew were necessary for the Avengers to reform.Whatever the fuck that meant anyway.Every day Tony wondered if it was even worth it, if it would make any difference at all to the faces that were so obviously absent from the compound, absent from the tower after the few of them left had moved back here to lick their wounds in more familiar surroundings. Of course the memories of them all together weighed heavier here, but it was worth the trade for the safety the tower provided. Tony may have designed the compound himself but it would be more effort than it was worth to debug the place after Fury’s lot had left. It wasn’t like Tony had ever belonged there anyway and both Rhodey and Vision had made it clear they were more than happy to get out of there too.There was a month though, before those five exhausting ones, when the only reason he left the workshop was to help with Rhodey’s recovery and keep up appearances. It was only for a month though and then he was in the face of every politician and government agency that got in his way.Tony figured one month wasn’t too bad after the clusterfuck of the last few years.Afterwards though, that first time he’d ventured out of the workshop, it had been a bit like coming back from Afghanistan. His views on everything had changed at such a fundamental level that it had knocked him flat on his ass, forced him to re-evaluate his own past actions and think about what he wanted to do now. In Afghanistan, it had been about his own naivety and party animal behaviour making him blind to how his weapons were being used, the destruction they caused, regardless of the fact they were being sold to both sides. Five months ago, it had been about who was really to blame for his parents’ deaths and he came to the conclusion that it certainly wasn’t the tortured and brainwashed war hero he had attacked out of shock and fury. After Afghanistan, he decided to stop weapon production and after Siberia, he decided to help Bucky Barnes.Tony had also decided to follow through on his original plans for the Accords. Nothing was more important than keeping people safe, which was why he couldn’t let his fight with Captain America and the rest of them ruin the Avengers, no matter how much pain and betrayal he was still feeling. So he started off by having them all exonerated, Bucky included, a feat that took a few months in itself but at the same time he worked on adjusting the Accords to allow for a more favourable, self-governing system with regard to superheroes and those with abilities and powers, or fantastic tech for that matter.He’d hoped that his chosen course of action would be for the better this time too and standing at his penthouse windows now, looking out over a city that he could once again feel confident in protecting, he knew he was right.“Boss? ” FRIDAY called for his attention, her voice so different from JARVIS’ comforting crisp tones, “Vision is requesting entry.”Vision had proven himself to be a solid ally over the past months, though he had his own reasons to amend the Accords.Dressed in worn black jeans and a faded band shirt, Tony wandered to the door. If Vision could make the effort to knock then Tony could at least go open the door for him. The wood swung as wide as Tony’s welcoming grin.“Vision!” Tony exclaimed, arms spread to encompass the android, “To what do I owe the pleasure?”Vision was also dressed casually and it made Tony happy to see his friend settled firmly into normal life. There hadn’t been much need for superheroes in recent months, the world of crime and villainy remaining quiet in an effort to avoid General Thaddeus Ross’ merciless search for any entity with more-than-human abilities, and those with the ability to create weapons or entities with such abilities. It had given Tony the chance to share parts of humanity with Vision that the android hadn’t experienced before and although that encompassed more than just clothes, Tony had thoroughly enjoyed taking Vision to meet his personal tailor. The day had in fact been a happy distraction from Ross’ weekly press conference where he had once again referred to Captain America and company as enemies of the world, the gang being at the very top of the General’s Christmas list, one that was no doubt handed out to every single agent he sent out on his lethal hunting parties.The thought chilled Tony like it always did but there would be no more raids now, Tony had seen to that with the help of the man in front of him.“Good morning Tony, I trust you slept well?” Vision had a knowing smile and for once Tony’s affection wasn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Hints of Wanda Maximoff/Vision
hints of Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Post-Canon Fix-It
Getting Together
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Stubborn Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Smut
Happy Ending
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Symptoms of Depression
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Hints of Wanda Maximoff/Vision
hints of Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

