Work Text:
As the S.H.I.E.L.D. briefing drew to a close and they filed out of the meeting room, Steve grabbed Tony by the collar and shoved him unceremoniously into the nearest closet. He kicked the door shut, pushed Tony back against the shelves of cleaning supplies, and loomed over him. With his shield still clamped to his back over his navy blue stealth suit, Steve looked even wider and more imposing than usual.Steve prowled into Tony’s personal space, backing him up until there were mere millimeters between their bodies. As Steve towered over him, Tony was acutely aware of the few inches of height between them.“You’re nothing but trouble, Stark,” Steve spat, his broad shoulders pinning Tony back against the shelf. “Mind always in the gutter.” Steve’s hand slammed flat against the wall next to Tony’s head. “Thinking about getting fucked while you’re supposed to be paying attention.” Steve ground his hips against Tony’s and Tony groaned shamelessly. “Are you trying to wind me up, Stark? Trying to get me angry so I’ll fuck you hard?”Tony attempted his best innocent doe eyes, and aimed for endearing: “I thought you liked it when I thought filthy things about you.”“Not in meetings, Stark. Not when everybody is there. You’re so blatant. Anybody could take one look at you and know that the only thing on your mind was wrapping your lips around my cock.”“Is that what you want?” Tony wheedled, eyebrows raised. “I’ll suck your cock so good, you know I will.”“No, Stark.” Steve emphasized his words by pressing his body up against Tony’s. “I think you need a reminder of how this relationship works. I’m the captain,” Tony moaned at that. “And you’re my subordinate.”Tony’s fingers twitched at his side, hands balling into fists, tension written all the way down his arms.“Strip,” Steve ordered. The possibility of refusal didn’t even cross Tony’s mind. He extricated himself from Steve and tore off his ragged t-shirt and kicked off his sneakers, stumbling somewhat inelegantly in his haste to remove his jeans and boxers.As he stood there, totally naked and feeling for the first time a little bit ridiculous, Tony gestured at Steve. “Aren’t you going to… you know, join me?” he tried.“No, Stark,” Steve snapped. “Today you’re going to get fucked by Captain America. Uniform and all.”Tony moaned dramatically, as his hand slid down to his own cock and began massaging. “God, Steve, you know I can’t deal with the Captain America voice.”“Pull yourself together, soldier,” Steve said in his best battle field tone. “I’m going to need you to pay attention and follow my orders exactly.”Steve’s dick throbbed hard against the confines of the dark blue stealth suit as Tony looked up at him from under his lashes. “Whatever you say, Captain. I’m at your command.”Steve raked his eyes over Tony’s naked form with appreciation. Tony’s hand pumped up and down his own cock as he nibbled at the edge of his lip. “Alright then, Stark. If you’re so keen to suck my cock, you can show me what you’ve got.”Tony dropped to his knees and nuzzled against the substantial bulge in Steve’s uniform trousers. Steve had barely undone his belt and unzipped the stiff navy fabric enough to pull out his hard cock when Tony was on him, all lips and tongue and teeth and messy enthusiasm. Steve hissed with satisfaction as his cock slid between Tony’s lips and Tony sucked him down hungrily.Steve slumped back against the wall. His shield clanged against the concrete, and he reached around to unclip it from his back and place it on the floor. He noted Tony’s eyes tracking the shiny metal of the shield and filed an idea away for later.Tony sucked cock like he was born for it; sloppy and delicate by turns, slowly taking Steve in and then swallowing him to the hilt, nose brushing against the reinforced fabric of Steve’s uniform. Steve cradled the back of his head, holding him in place and guiding him back and forth.“Mmm, Stark, you do that so well.” Steve gripped Tony’s hair a little tighter and Tony moaned and opened his throat, letting Steve fuck his face.After a few deep thrusts, Steve yanked sharply on the back of Tony’s hair, his lips slipping off his cock with a wet pop.“Now you’ve got me warmed up, I’m going to fuck you as hard as I like. And you’re going to take it. Understood?”Tony’s eyes widened and he nodded emphatically, looking up at Steve with something close to adoration.“I asked you a question, Stark. And I expect an answer. Do you understand?” Steve asked, trying to maintain his commanding tone as he twisted his fingers in Tony’s hair.“Yes, Captain, I understand,” said Tony with an uncharacteristic deference which was only slightly undermined by his hand sneaking down into his lap to massage his cock.Steve looked down at him. “I saw you eyeing up my shield earlier. You’re always thinking about it, aren’t you? Thinking about how and where I could fuck you.”Tony nodded and bit his lip again, hand still moving up and down his cock. “It’s because you always look so g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Established Relationship
Uniform Kink
Light Dom/sub
Bottom Tony Stark
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

