Work Text:
“Hey, guys, I’m gonna go check on Howard. He’s been gone a while. I’ll be right back.”Bucky grunted at Steve’s words from where he was sprawled across a lounge chair, just close enough to the fire to spread a subtle warmth throughout his body. The man rose from his own chair, clapping Bucky on the shoulder as he passed and then disappearing into the house, leaving him and Tony alone by the fire. The boy shot him a look and burrowed deeper into the huge hoodie he wore.“You know that means they’re gonna go screw, right?” He asked, and Bucky nodded, reaching down to bring his beer to his lips and take a lazy swallow.“I’m aware, kid. But right now I’m drinking expensive beer, I’m relaxing by an actual firepit, and when I go inside to go to bed I’m gonna sprawl my ass across a king sized bed with sheets that cost more than a month’s pay. So I’m not really much concerned at the moment.”“You’re not…hell, I dunno. It’s not weird for you? Because Steve’s your best friend?”Bucky shrugged and dropped the bottle back down, settling deeper into his chair and looking at the boy who was leaning forward in his.“Doesn’t matter. Look, punk, as long as your pops isn’t bending him over the kitchen counter while I’m trying to eat my pancakes, I don’t much give a damn what they do. Cuz they’re both, y’know, consenting adults.”Tony glared at him and waved his arms around, almost toppling forwards with the wild motions.“Would you let that go! Jesus, I don’t see the damn issue! Half the states in this damn country have a legal age of…son of a bitch.” Tony stopped suddenly and dove for Bucky, hands shoving inside the pockets of his jeans.“Hey, hey, hey! What the fuck, kid?!” Bucky growled, grabbing ahold of the boy’s wrists and holding him at bay. They both froze when they heard the slam of a door and Bucky looked up to see that Howard had disappeared from where he’d been watching them. Seems like Tony had been right.The boy in question was still struggling against his hold, straining for his pockets. Bucky shoved him back and Tony landed with a thud, huffing up at him.“Let me see your phone!”“Why? You’re a techie, use your own damn phone.”Tony suddenly seemed to curl in on himself slightly, his shoulders hunching down and face tilting towards the ground. Bucky sighed and reached between his legs to pull his phone out from where he’d jammed it under one thigh. He held the phone out towards Tony who brightened eagerly and snatched it away, typing away eagerly. Bucky had the distinct sense he’d just been played but didn’t have much time to ruminate on it as Tony quickly shoved the phone back in his face, so close the web page he’d pulled up blurred from the proximity. He leaned back and shot the boy a harsh look before taking the phone and refocusing on the page.Tony’d pulled up some government sight, and Bucky rolled his eyes as he skimmed over the page and the information listed. “New York…age of consent…legal sexual definitions…” Bucky stopped after the last one, re-reading the sentence three times to make sure he had it right before starting to raise his head, a brow already arched.“You’re kidding, right, kid? I don’t care if-mmpf!” He was abruptly cut off as Tony slammed their mouths together, hands reaching out to grab ahold of Bucky’s shirt almost desperately. Bucky fought down the immediate filth that filled his mind at the thought of those soft, soft lips somewhere else on his body and brought his hand up to push Tony away.Regardless of NY’s laws that kissing wasn’t considered sexual contact and that it didn’t matter, the act still made Bucky squirm. He separated them and heaved a sigh when Tony whined like a puppy and tried to re-connect their mouths.“Kid…Kid…Damnit, Tony, stop for one minute!” He finally snarled out, arm shooting out to drag the kid forwards and twist, pulling him onto the lounge between his legs, Tony’s knees hooking over his and feet barely brushing the ground. The sight made Bucky cringe even more and he kept one firm hand on the Tony’s shoulder to stop him from lunging again as he tried to regain his breath.“Why in the hell won’t you let me kiss you?! It said right there that New York doesn’t consider kissing to be a sexual act with age limits. So c’mon, please?”“No,” Bucky replied shortly, and Tony pounded a fist on his thigh, bringing Bucky’s head up to glare at his frustrated expression.“Why not?! Fucking damnit, I’ve been good all day, I haven’t picked any fights! It’s just one little kiss, Bucky.” Tony cajoled, tracing slow patterns over Bucky’s shorts with the nail of his index finger. Bucky knocked the hand away with an impatient swat and shook his head.“No, punk. I don’t care what the law says about how it defines sexual acts. Look down at the tent pole in your pants and then tell me this isn’t sexual for you.”Tony tightened his hands, clenching one in his lap and the other on Bucky’s thigh. The man braced himself as the boy suddenly went incredibly still, like the pups their squad had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Underage Kissing
Almost Underage Drinking
Allusions to Past Sexual Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Why Do I Love To Hurt You?
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Still Doesn't Have Time for This Shit
Howard Stark is Not The Worst Dad Out There
Maria Stark is a shit mother

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

