Work Text:
Charles opened his eyes to darkness. For a moment, he laid there in groggy confusion, wondering what had woken him. Then a shiver of unease traveled like a current down through his shoulders to his fingertips, and he sat up. “Erik?” He could feel the man’s mind hovering restlessly on the other side of the closed door that adjoined their rooms. The edges of Erik’s thoughts were blurred and rapid, too fast to catch without purposefully reaching in. But Charles had made a point to curb his telepathy sharply around Erik. It was an exercise in self-control as much as it was an attempt at making Erik feel more comfortable. God only knew how little Erik trusted other people, and Charles tried to make it easier for Erik as much as he could. If that meant forsaking some of the telepathic cues he relied on when interacting with others—well. Erik wasn’t exactly convivial himself, and he would forgive Charles for any social blunders, if he even noticed them. Now, it took an effort to keep still and wait for an answer, rather than delve into Erik’s mind. Thankfully he didn’t have to wait long; within a minute, Erik knocked and said, “Let me in.” “It’s not locked,” Charles said, half-curious, half-disgruntled. It was—he checked his watch—two in the morning. What on earth could Erik possibly have to say that couldn’t wait until morning? The door swung open with more force than necessary, nearly slamming into the opposite wall. Charles flinched at the expression on Erik’s face—he looked exhausted and torn and determined all at once, his eyes dark in the shadows of the room, his fists clenched by his side. Anger and resolve and nervous energy poured off him in palpable waves, and Charles steadfastly sealed up his shields a little tighter, wanting as ever to make this effort for Erik, because if there was any man he would make an effort for, it would be this one. It was hard, though, facing the heated look in Erik’s eyes without any sort of reference or context behind it. He didn’t like walking into situations blind, especially when he was accustomed to being a couple of steps ahead. “I think,” Erik said at last through gritted teeth, “you should fuck me.” Charles gaped at him. Of all the things he had been expecting, this was most certainly not one of them. He had never imagined—oh, of course, he had imagined, in the shower, in private, but not like this—not in real life. Had Erik just said—?“Erik, what…” “It’s not complicated,” Erik said impatiently. He strode over to the bed, his normally smooth gait jerky with tension. “Fuck me. Or is that too vulgar for your delicate mouth?”Charles stared at him in bewilderment. Where was this coming from? Surely if Erik really wanted to—surely Charles would have picked up some hint by now. He had barely been able to tear his eyes away from Erik for this whole trip, and if Erik had noticed, he had never given any indication. Until now, that was, but this was all very sudden and moving very fast. Charles would have known if Erik reciprocated any of his interest, even without his telepathy. Surely he would have. “Erik,” he began unsteadily, “I really don’t think—”Erik climbed into the bed and kissed him hard. It was sloppy and a bit too rough, Erik’s tongue pressing almost instantly against Charles’s lips, open-mouthed and raw. Charles let out a startled gasp and fell back flailing into the sheets, Erik following in a messy tangle of limbs. He ended up on his back, Erik’s weight pressing him down into the mattress, nearly knocking the breath from him. Erik was still kissing him, one of his long-fingered hands cupping Charles’s cheek, the gentleness clashing with the force of his lips. He used too much teeth, and he couldn’t seem to figure out where to put his tongue, but even then, Charles could feel his body responding with interest. How many times had he imagined this? How many nights had he laid in bed staring at the ceiling wondering if tomorrow he would be able to work up the courage to tell Erik that he had been wanting to kiss him ever since they’d been dragged sopping wet from the ocean? And now here Erik was, licking a wet line along Charles’s jaw, and he could feel his cock jump. Erik felt it, too. His eyes were a flash of gray against the dark. “Now will you fuck me?”His voice was too gruff and arousing to be real. “Oh God,” Charles groaned. “Come here.” They wiggled up to the pillows, and Charles rolled so that he was on top. He marveled at the way Erik gave beneath him. He was so used to seeing Erik as the leader, as the uncompromising dominant personality. It was a shock to see how easily he moved when Charles tugged, how quickly he obeyed when Charles told him to take off his shirt. Underneath, the skin of his chest was cut across with thin white scars, earned from years at war with the world. Erik hesitated, defensiveness clear in his eyes, but Charles leaned down and pressed his lips to the white lines, and slowly, he felt the muscles of Erik’s tense shoulders r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Trust Issues
Bottom Erik
Top Charles
Erik is emotionally crippled
and really messed up
Charles tries to fix him
emotional journeys
Hurt/Comfort
Sort Of

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

