Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was going to kill Pepper. She was the CEO of Stark Industries, she should be on this trip instead of him. But no, the poor billionaire was bullied into going to London and talking to a drill company called Grunnings. It was a disgusting place really, awful people to go along with its awful name. Currently, Tony Stark was in the home of the firm’s head, Vernon Dursley. The man was as tall as he was wide with a stick of a wife and a whale of a son.“It is so nice of you to join us Mr. Stark.” Mrs. Dursley said sweetly. She was dressed to the nines and made sure to compliment Tony on everything. Now usually, Tony was not one to turn away compliments, but at that moment, he would rather shoot the overly nice family and be done with it.“Of course Madam. I thank you for allowing me into your lovely home.” Tony replied politely.Mrs. Dursley beamed at him and made a few bashful comments.“I hope you think about our offer Mr. Stark. Grunnings is an excellent business, we would be an important asset.” Mr. Durlsey said.“Yeah right” Tony replied noncommittally, poking at his food. It was at that moment when he heard someone coming down the stairs. Confused, he looked behind him to see a young boy stopped in the hall. The boy was wearing clothing that was too large for him, showing how frighteningly thin he was. “What are you doing down her boy!” Vernon stood up with a speed Tony thought incapable of a man his size. He rushed over to the boy, grabbed him by the hair and dragged him back to the stairs. “I told you to stay upstairs. No dinner for the rest of the week!” Mr. Dursley pushed the boy back up the stairs.When he returned to the table he smiled politely at Tony. “I’m terribly sorry about that Mr. Stark. That was my nephew, we took him in after his parents died in a car crash. Drunkards they were, poor boy is a delinquent.”Tony gave the man a suspicious look, but didn’t say anything. When dinner finally ended Tony excused himself to the bathroom. He silently went upstairs and looked for the boy. He went to a random door and knocked, a moment later the boy opened it and looked up at Tony with surprise.“Hi” Tony greeted gently.“Hi” The boy replied.“What’s your name? I’m Tony.”“Harry sir, Harry Potter.”“May I come in Harry?” Harry nodded and opened the door wider. The room was small and a bit dirty. “How old are you Harry?” Tony asked.“Twelve sir, almost thirteen.” Harry responded quietly.“Dursley says that he is your uncle.” Tony said.Harry nodded, “My parents were killed when I was a year old. They are my only relatives.”“Really, Dursley said your parents were drunks.” Tony replied.Harry snapped up, “My parents were great people.”Tony smiled, “I believe you.” He walked over to sit on the bed, “How long have they been abusing you?”“It’s not really abuse, they’ve never really hit me. Whenever they take away my meals, I usually sneak into the kitchen after they’ve gone to bed. They did put locks on my door and bars on my window last year, but they haven’t done it since. I also spent the first eleven years of my life in the cupboard underneath the stairs.” Harry didn’t know why he was telling this man his past, but it all came out.Tony was furious, child abuse was something he couldn’t stand for. He had his own crappy childhood and he wasn’t about to let another child go through that.“Did you ever want to get away?” Tony asked.“Yeah, this was never my home.” The boy sighed, “But I’m forced to come back here after every school year.”“What if you could get away?”“I still have school. I wouldn’t leave. It’s a boarding school up in Scotland so I’m only here during the summer.” Harry smiled sadly.“If you could get away and still go to school would you?”Harry looked at Tony curiously, “I guess. It would never happen, but it would be nice.”Tony nodded, a determined look in his eyes. “It was a pleasure meeting you Harry.” Tony shook the boys hand and left the room.When he went downstairs, the Dursley family were quietly sitting in the family room. “Ah Mr. Stark, I hope you’ve made a decision about joining our companies.” Mr. Durlsey asked.“Oh I’ve made a decision.” Tony replied absently, looking at all of the photos of their fat son Dudley. “How about I return in two days with the papers and we can talk business.” Tony smiled charmingly.“But of course Mr. Stark. I know you are making the right decision.” Mr. Dursley replied, excitedly shaking Tony’s hand.“Then I will see you two days from now.” Tony replied.When he left the house, he immediately called Pepper. “Hey Pep, I need you to gather the legal team I want things done ASAP.” When he got back to the hotel he looked up everything pertaining to Harry Potter.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
quotes from movie/book
don't own any Harry Potter or Avengers stuff
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

