Work Text:
Ring…Ring…Rin- Click.“Is this an emergency?”“Rhodes? No, I just-”“Then don’t call.” Click.Silence. Ring…Ring…Ring…Ring-Click“Do you require back up, Mr. Rogers?”“No, we are not in a mission. Is Tony around, Vision? ”“I’m afraid Mr. Stark in unavailable for you, Mr. Rogers.”“For me? Does that mean he is available for others? ”“Indeed. Good morning, Mr. Rogers.” Click.Silence. 
Ring…Ring…Ring…Ring…Ring…Ring…
“I’m assuming you are not calling about the imminent end of the world?”“Who is this? Where is Tony? ”“This is Spider-Man speaking. You know, the kid you dropped a container on?”“What? Just how old are you? And where is Tony? I want to speak to him.”“Lucky for me, my age is none of your business. And Mr. Stark doesn’t want to speak with you; why do you think he gave me the phone in case you called? Lucky for you, Mrs. Rhodes is not on phone duty right now, or your eardrums would be bleeding. Or Ms. Potts, I’m sure she’d made you cry before she was done with you.”“Pepper? Are they back together or something? Just…just give the phone to Tony, kid.”“Are you deaf? I told you: Tony.doesn’t.want.to.talk.to.you. And fuck off, asshole; what happens in any of our lives is none of your business anymore.” Click.Silence. 
Ring…Ring…Ring…Ring…Ring
“What?”“Tony! You finally answered.”“What-? Steve?”“Yes…”“Fuck.”“Who did you think it was?”“I don’t know. It’s 4 a.m., I’m sleep deprived. A phone rang, I answered.”“…How long has it been since you last slept, Tony?”“70 hours, give or take?”“…Tony…you need to rest more, you know that.”“As a matter of fact, Rogers, I do know that. I just can’t.”“Why not, Tony? ”“Nightmares, mostly.”“Tony, I have nightmares too, that’s-” “Stop it! Stop trying to act like everything is normal, like we are still friends. You want to talk about nightmares, Rogers? Why don’t we talk about the ones you gave me?”
“You are not the only one dreaming about his best friend falling anymore”
“You are not the only one having nightmares about the cold slowly seeping through you bones and freezing you to death.”
“You are not the one who sees death in his childhood hero’s eyes every night. The one who hears the clash of an indestructible shield against his head, again and again; or feels his flesh and bones split open until there’s no air anymore, just blood, blood, blood and freezing eyes and cold air and the eco of steps going every time further away; leaving you to choke to death with that damned shield as only company.”
“So don’t try to commiserate to me through nightmares; because your face has been the main role in every last one of them these past few months.” Click.Silence.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Steve Rogers broke it

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

