Work Text:
May hates crying in front of other people, but she can’t stop the sobs building in her chest.The cafe is loud. Everyone had fallen silent at first, shocked into this awful, bewildered quiet, but as the footage wore on, as the boy’s struggles grew weak and his chest heaved, face caked in drying blood, the watching crowd grew louder. With each closed fist struck across the boy’s face, each time fingers grabbed and tugged at his knotted hair, the people cried out, indignant and horrified at once.In any other circumstance, May might’ve been touched by their righteous anger. Now, she only feels numb. Her gaze is fixed on the feverish sheen on the teenager’s sweaty face; his scrunched, embarrassed eyes; the red of his teeth and lips, where he’d bitten into his captor’s hand and swallowed a mouthful of vicious, coppery blood.This is May’s boy. This is Peter, chained and beaten. May’s Peter.Of all the things May had expected from the busy lunch rush-hour, this wasn’t it. She thought she’d been having a nightmare when the TV in the corner of the cafe had crackled to life, and Spider-Man’s unmasked face had swum into view.May presses her hands tightly against her mouth. She’s shaking, sobbing, face blotchy and wet in the middle of the cafe.No one pays her any mind; they’re too enthralled by the image onscreen.“Say your name.” Peter shows his red teeth to the person offscreen. They sigh, as if they’re disappointed. As if they are going to get any other reaction from May’s brave, unwavering boy. “We’d stop hitting you if you co-operated.”“l’m just offended, is all,” Peter says in that snarky hero voice May doesn’t get to hear very often. His teeth are bared in a smile rather than a snarl, now. “I got all prettied up for you, and you forget my name mid-date? That’s rude is what it is, you’ve got me thinking you’re uninterested or someth—”The slap is open-handed. The sound echoes through the cafe’s old TV, and May flinches with her entire body. A bitten off shout comes from her left. When May’s eyes skitter away from the image of her panting nephew, she spots a construction worker, presumably on his lunch break, hunched over a table. His hands are balled into fists, every line of his body tightly wound, eyes burning up at the TV.She casts another glance around the room; everyone is similarly tense, pulled taunt by disgust, or horror, or shock. Or anger. May has never seen an angrier crowd.“I thought you wanted me to talk,” Peter says loudly, and May’s gaze snaps back to her baby. “Giving me mixed-signals here, man.”
“Say your name. Say it.”
Peter pretends to think about it, mouth screwed up, eyes flicking to the ceiling in mock-contemplation. “Hm,” he says at last, “nah. I don’t think I will.”A hand snakes out and fists in his hair. A whine escapes the teenager’s throat, slipped out involuntarily as the vulnerable column of his neck is exposed to the camera.
“Enough games. We were going to be kind if you co-operated, but it seems you’re too stupid to go down without some stupid remark, Peter.”
Peter’s eyes snap open. He tries to dislodge the hand from his hair, but he only manages to shake the chains binding him. The fist tugs him closer, pulls tighter, offering no reprieve.
“I’m not—”
“Yes, you are,” says the man offscreen. “Peter Benjamin Parker. Age sixteen. Attending Midtown High School, living in Forest Hills, Queens. Spider-Man is a born and bred New Yorker; I think no one is surprised.”“Please,” Peter says.
“We offered you mercy, Peter. You denied it. New York watched you deny it.”

“I didn’t, I’m not—”
“I think that’s enough. We don’t need to do anything more—the criminal underbelly will do the rest.” Heavy, offscreen footsteps. The clanking of chains. The camera wobbles as someone fiddles with it.Peter recoils in his bindings. His eyes are wide, his shoulders stiff. His mouth falls open to take in shallow, rattling breaths.
“Say goodbye to the camera, Peter.”
For the first time, Peter looks the camera dead on, and pleads, words tumbling, “My Aunt. Please, my Aunt—my Aunt May—don’t let anything happen to her.”
“Shut up!”
“May Parker.” Peter hadn’t cried when they’d struck him. His eyes hadn’t watered when they’d twisted his fingers the wrong way, when they waggled a knife under his nose like a promise. But now, the camera shaking as someone struggles to switch it off, Peter is trembling, voice hitched, huge eyes threateningly wet. “Her name is May Parker, and she’s the only family I have left—”The camera shuts off. The television fades to black.The cafe rings with hollow silence, and then—“Those motherfuckers!” The construction worker jumps up. He gestures at the TV. “A fucking kid, they were—were—”Half the cafe is on their feet. People pull their phones out, turn to one another, shouting voices clambering to be heard over the din. May stands frozen in the middle of it all. Her cardigan is pulled on over her waitress uniform, but she feels cold, and alone, and achingly hollow.Her baby is in the hands of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/New York
May Parker/New York

freeform: 
Protectiveness
New York City
Identity Reveal
Hurt Peter
Hurt/Comfort
unity

fandom: 
Spider-Man/New York
May Parker/New York

