Work Text:
The radio guys are playing a jumping jazz number over the speakers at base. It drifts quietly over the sound of distant conversations to Bucky, who's standing outside of the tent he shares with Dugan and Falsworth. The guys are still down at the rec tent playing cards, probably will be for some time. They’ve been given a few days rest after the shit show they just survived at Azzano. So Bucky’s standing there alone in the mild autumn night, smoking a cigarette when he sees that dancing monkey walk by.Captain America’s show really was terrible; childish. The only good thing about it was the girls, and how great the guy’s ass looked in those blue tights. If Bucky couldn’t tell how embarrassed the guy was when he left the stage that afternoon, he can tell now.He’s changed out of that ridiculous red white and blue suit and into his army greens, crisp and precise, hands in his pockets, eyes trained straight down at his feet. He looks rather lonely, and indescribably sad.So Bucky calls out, “Hey Captain America, great show.”He stops walking and looks up in surprise, then shakes his head with a rueful smile. “Don’t patronize me.”“No, I mean it. The way you knocked out Hitler?” he gives an impressed whistle and the guy laughs.“Yeah, yeah.” He comes over and reaches for Bucky’s cigarette. Bucky hands it over.“Steve Rogers,” he says.“Bucky Barnes.”They stand there, passing a cigarette back and forth for a few quiet minutes“Good to meetcha. Thanks for the smoke.” He makes to leave with a small smile that’s slightly more sincere than his last attempt.“Where you headed?” Bucky asks, because up close the guy’s eyes are luminously blue with a little bit of green and hell no, he’s not about to let him just walk away.“They gave me and Hitler an overflow tent up here,” he says, gesturing up the dirt lane between rows of tents.“I’ll walk with you,” Bucky says, and starts walking without giving Steve a chance to reply.“Oh, ok,” he says, surprised. Then he smiles, a real smile. It makes Bucky smile too.“This is our first show overseas. I tried joining up before, for real, but I was too sick then.” He trails off, like he wants to say more but can’t.“Well, you’re better now, huh? Look at you,” Bucky says, and looks. The guy’s a tank; broad shoulders, huge arms. Bucky knows he’d be real sturdy if he could climb on top of him and—“Yeah,” Steve says, a little sadly. There’s a pinch between his brows and a little downturn to his lips that Bucky doesn’t like. He decides he wants to wipe that sad look off his beautiful face. “Well here I am,” Steve says, gesturing to a big double-wide tent.“Overflow tents?” Bucky scoffs. “This is an officer’s tent you twat.” He unzips the flap from the bottom up and steps inside. Steve follows, standing awkwardly by the door while Bucky looks around. There’s way more room to move, the ceiling is higher and doesn’t feel as cramped as the little tent Bucky shares with two other soldiers.“Hey how do I sign up? I’d let you punch me every night for digs like this.”“It’s not always like this,” Steve says, “There were just extra tents with all the…”
With all the men dying.
“Where’s Hitler tonight?” Bucky asks quickly.Steve shrugs, “Probably shacking up with one of the girls in the barracks.”“And why aren’t you doing the same?”Steve shakes his head and looks at his shoes. “I’m their little brother.”“You can’t tell me none of them want some of…” he waves his hand over Steve’s frame and Steve chuckles, a hand going to the back of his neck as a pink blush blooms over his cheeks.“There was a little…interest, in the beginning. But nothing ever happened. We have to spend a lot of time together, I didn’t want it to be uncomfortable.”He looks up with a shy smile and Bucky decides to go for it. He might get hit in the teeth, but if he doesn’t at least give it a shot he’ll be kicking himself until the end of time. Which, for a soldier, could be any day. So he goes back over to the door flap and pulls the zipper back down to the ground, closing them in.He’s crouched at Steve’s feet and looks up at him through his lashes, “A bit drafty, don’t you think?” he says in a low voice, with a slow, crooked smile that he hopes communicates his intentions. When he stands up, they’re nearly toe to toe, and Steve’s eyes widen.“Um, uh. Yeah.”Good enough.Bucky moves to the cot and sits. It’s bigger than regulation cots, at least a single-bed size. Steve follows, as he’d hoped, and sits a respectable distance away. But Bucky scoots over so their thighs are pressed together. He holds his breath for a minute, but Steve doesn’t move away, just peeks at him from the corner of his eye. So Bucky puts one hand on Steve’s thigh and the other on his face, turning it toward him. Steve is holding his breath too, eyes trained to Bucky’s lips and halle-fuckin-lujah Bucky leans in to kiss him.Steve opens his mouth into the kiss immediately and suddenly Bucky has never wanted anything as much as he wants all of Steve’s clothes gone now.“Lay 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Srsly that's all it is
1940s
World War II
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bucky and Steve meet in Europe after Steve becomes Captain America
Meet-Cute
First Kiss
Smut
Anal Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Bottom Bucky
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve
Top Steve Rogers
One Night Stands
Except not really?
Casual Sex
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

