Work Text:
 
Sam: You’re going to have to show your face sometime
Sam: Like a grown up
Sam: You’re setting a bad example for the young’un
Sam: Steve. You actually have to leave the sex den at some point
 
Steve: no I don’t and you can’t make me
 
*
Steve is trying to stare Bucky down, except it’s not working because Bucky has seen his sex face, and heard his truly filthy sex talk, besides which Steve is naked after his shower. It’s not going to work. Unless Steve uses his dick to get what he wants, in which case it will totally work. Bucky is hoping Captain America won’t use sexual wiles on an intern to get him to be the one to face the other Avengers first.
“Please?” Steve says finally with a very sad face, and that works even better than sexual wiles, Jesus Christ.
“FINE,” Bucky says, and starts to get dressed. God forbid they go down to the communal floor and face the music together. “I want it on the record that shacking up was your idea and that face you just pulled is coercive.”
“Duly noted,” Steve says with a smile.
So Bucky wriggles in to his skinny jeans and a Led Zep t-shirt, throws a scarf around his neck that does absolutely nothing to hide the livid love bite very high up on his neck, yanks on his boots, and gives Steve a pointedly chaste kiss goodbye.
When he walks into the kitchen of the communal floor and starts making himself a coffee, all other conversation notably tapers off. Bucky feels very conspicuous, so loudly froths milk to put off the inevitable. He can feel every pair of eyes on his back.
“Wow,” he hears Maria say as he shuts of the steam, and she’s far too amused. “Your neck looks like it got mauled by an industrial-class vacuum cleaner.”
“I feel like this is a good time to remind everyone that you are all technically Stark Industries employees and we have very strong codes of conduct in regards to sexual harassment,” Pepper says mildly, not looking up from her tablet, and Clint abruptly closes his mouth.
Bucky clears his throat and finishes creating his ridiculously large latte. “You may have heard that Steve and I are living together,” he says awkwardly. Natasha raises an eyebrow at him. “What you may not know is that I pursued Steve pretty aggressively. And it was really, really worth it. So.”
Bucky smirks at them and sips his coffee.
Steve, with his natural brilliant timing, steps out of the elevator at that exact moment. All heads swivel in his direction, eyebrows raised. He blinks at everyone’s faces of blatant speculation, blushes, and looks at Bucky in confusion.
“Reeaaallllly worth it,” Bucky adds.
“Congratulations on sexually satisfying your partner, Steven!” Thor booms, and raises his coffee mug in toast.
*
“Okay but if we can isolate the electrical impulses in a higher muscle group, I think we can give a much wider ranger of motion using the-” Bucky is saying, highlighting his point on an anatomy map.
“I can’t believe you look so innocent but deliberately set out to trap my precious Steve,” Tony interrupts, and Bucky sighs, straightening from the desk. On the other side of the lab, Bruce snorts but doesn’t look up from his work.
“Three days ago you were all set to take him on for taking advantage of me,” Bucky points out. He knows Tony isn’t entirely serious, probably just baiting really, but still.
“How did you do it? The two of you barely talked. I know, because I was waiting for the opportunity to sidekick you,” Tony says.
“Sidekick isn’t a verb,” Bruce calls.
“And yet somehow you seduced him under my nose anyway.”
“Codes of conduct, Tony,” Bruce calls.
Ah, fuck it.
“I made it very clear I was interested,” Bucky says, dropping his voice and leaning in. “And then I told him if he bought me a present I’d let him do anything he wanted.”
Tony squints at him.
“Are you fucking with me? I can’t tell if you’re fucking with me,” he huffs finally.
“This muscle group. Harder to isolate but greater long-term gain,” Bucky says, turning back to his work.
*
“HI honey, I’m home!” Bucky calls out when he steps off the elevator, dumping his satchel with his laptop and notebook by the door and kicking off his boots.
Steve rounds the corner from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a cloth, and gives a reproving look at the satchel and boots. Bucky diligently scoops them up to take to the bedroom. Steve’s Daddy-face apparently works on him everywhere, not just the bedroom. Huh.
“Wash up for dinner. I left you something to wear on the bed,” Steve calls after him, going back to the kitchen.
On the bed are a thin little leather collar, a padded blindfold, and a large conical butt plug with a bottle of lube.
Bucky breathes in sharply, frozen in place by the bed for a long moment. Then he carefully puts his boots and satchel away, strips off and puts his clothes in the hamper, and approaches the bed naked, already half-hard. He starts with the collar – supple and soft – closing the tiny buckle at the back of his neck and feeling the lovely sense of constriction it provides, without really being
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Age Difference
Daddy Kink
Modern Bucky
bucky is 20
steve is 29
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Butt Plugs
Cock Warming
Blow Jobs
Dom/sub Play
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve
Collars
Subspace
Aftercare
Safe Sane and Consensual
Enthusiastic Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

