Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve opens his eyes. He blinks. The room is warm and dry, and there’s a ceiling fan turning slowly above him. His body feels…tight. Like he needs to stretch but doesn’t remember how. With some effort, he turns his head to find Bucky lying prone in a bed on the other side of the small room. He’s wearing a white T-shirt with khaki pants. Steve looks down to find the same clothes on himself; clothes he doesn’t remember owning.As Bucky starts to stir, Steve sits up and swings his legs off the bed. The radio is playing a baseball game but it’s…this is not right.Bucky sits up and looks at him, “Where are we?”“Was about to ask you the same thing.”Red Skull; the plane. He and Bucky had decided to put it down in the water, how did they— how? Steve watches the same thoughts race through Bucky’s mind and across his features.A beautiful redheaded woman comes in, and before she can even speak, Steve throws a look at Bucky. He’s looking at her hair and clothes with a frown, then he glances at Steve and shakes his head minutely.“Captain Rogers, Sergeant Barnes,” she greets them, and attempts an explanation. But it’s clear she’s not prepared to handle questions.When Steve raises his voice, two black-clad guards enter the room. And when Steve throws one against the wall, he crashes right through it. Steve leaps out the hole in the wall, Bucky hot on his heels.It’s all fake; the double doors in the big empty room lead out into a hallway of some business building.“Come on,” Bucky shouts when Steve hesitates, noticing the off-ness of the décor and the people’s clothes. Following behind Bucky, they find a door leading to the street. Steve wants to stop and collapse when he sees the cars, the people, but he makes himself run a half a block to keep up with Bucky; the last goddamn thing he needs right now is to lose him in the rush of people.Bucky finally slows and stops, so Steve stops beside him, eyes drawn up, up, up. Screens flashing images, bigger than even the biggest trucks rolling by in the constant rush of wheels and people.Five black cars suddenly surround them, and a man in a black coat and eye patch steps out.“At ease, soldiers.”Bucky’s back is almost pressed up to Steve’s, watching the threats at his six, but when the man addresses them, Bucky turns to face him too.“Captain Rogers, Sergeant Barnes, if you wouldn’t mind coming with me, I’ll explain everything.”Steve glances at Bucky, who raises his eyebrows. Not much choice, is there?They climb in the back seat of the nicest car Steve’s ever seen and the man—Director Nick Fury—breaks the news.Seventy years. They won the war, it’s over. Everyone Steve and Bucky ever knew are either dead or in their 90s. They listen quietly to this explanation. Steve feels lightheaded.They’re escorted inside a different building; there’s a logo up at the top, hundreds of floors up, but from directly underneath it Steve can’t tell what it is.The three of them ride an elevator for what feels like an eternity; Steve watches red numbers tick up evenly and wonders at it.“Welcome to Stark Tower. You’ll be safe here while you get your bearings.”“Stark?” Bucky asks, “Howard’s…?”“Son,” Fury finishes. Bucky blows out a breath. “Tony Stark has agreed to give you two floors for your own personal use.”“Why?” Steve asks.“He does some work for S.H.I.E.L.D. and, after some time to think and discuss, we’re hopeful you might like to as well. Take your time to adjust; I’ll be back tomorrow afternoon to answer any questions. In the meantime, Jarvis will assist you.”As they step out into an apartment, a pleasant British voice says, “Hello Captain Rogers, Sergeant Barnes,” making both Steve and Bucky twitch.“Stark’s artificial intelligence is wired throughout the building; anything you need, just ask. Welcome to the 21st century, gentlemen,” Fury says, and leaves.“The ninetieth floor, which you are currently on, has been designated by Sir for Captain Rogers’ use. Sergeant Barnes, the 91st floor is yours to use as you like.”Steve and Bucky float through the apartment, which is bigger than their last apartment six times over. There are three bathrooms. The kitchen is enormous, with shiny metal appliances. A stove with a glass top. Something that looks like a coffee maker but might also be a rocket launcher.Bucky comes back from the bedroom looking awed. “Is this real?”“Far as I can tell.”The refrigerator is stocked with food, and Steve is ravenous. Most of the food is pretty intuitive; they had sandwiches in the ‘30s, too. They demolish an entire loaf of bread, the meat drawer and the contents of the fruit bowl.They take the elevator up to the 91st floor; Bucky’s suite. It’s exactly the same. Bucky yelps from the bathroom and Steve rushes in to find the water running in the shower and Bucky stripping his shirt off.“Look at this,” he says, pointing to the showerhead. He twists it and the spray pattern changes. Bucky laughs, and unzips his pants.“I’m going back downstairs,” Steve says.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
First Kiss
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
like everything i write lbr
Pining
Mutual Pining
Sharing a Bed
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

