Work Text:
This is for Lovingsiri on AO3 who has been patiently waiting over a year for me to write a Steve is Tony’s father fic. Enjoy!  

“Counting Stars”

Disclaimer:  The Avengers, Tony, Loki, etc belong to Marvel, Stan Lee, et co. I make no money from this and own nothing, don’t sue.
Summary:  [Bucky/Tony] There were three things Tony knew to be universal truths. First: Stark men were made of iron; they were strong, durable, easily corrodible. Two: Stark men had terrible taste in alphas; one day they'd just up and leave, and there was nothing the omega could do about it. Three: Tony Stark was an omega and his bearer hated him for it. And, four: Captain America was Tony's father. Ok, so maybe there were four things that Tony knew to be true, but he was still hedging his bet on that last one.
Warnings:  Slash. Bucky/Tony. Post-Avengers. AU Civil War. Alpha/Omega. Past Steve/Howard. Heat. Allusions to heat sex. Kissing. First winteriron fic. A/B/o universe. Gift fic. Winter soldier recovery. Dubious consent. Character death. Past Tiberius Stone/Tony. Rhodey is a bro. Steve is Tony’s father. Mpreg (Howard).
Rating:  R
Prompt: Steve as Tony's father. Howard and Steve were best friends and Howard endlessly looked for Steve so it could be because he was in love with him and pregnant or Steve could have been pregnant. Steve could be found early and raise Tony as a kid or he could still be found 70 years later and still try to parent Tony as he is still an arrogant foolXXX Counting stars wishing I was okay;
Crashing down was my biggest mistake. 
I never ever, ever meant to hurt you,
I only did what I had to
Counting stars, again.
-- Sugarcult 
XXX
Words:  11,004
Chapter 1
There were three things Tony knew to be universal truths. First: Stark men were made of iron; they were strong, durable, easily corrodible. Two: Stark men had terrible taste in alphas; one day they'd just up and leave, and there was nothing the omega could do about it. Three: Tony Stark was an omega and his bearer hated him for it. And, four: Captain America was Tony's father. Ok, so maybe there were four things that Tony knew to be true, but he was still hedging his bet on that last one. Normal couples (and what was normal really since betas could get with betas, and hell even omegas were shacking up with other omegas nowadays) consisted of an alpha male or female and an omega female or male or both (or a beta). Tony had an omega bearer (Howard Stark) and an alpha mother (Maria Stark nee Carbonell) and apparently an alpha father who had died during world war two. Tony hadn't been born until 25 years later, so yeah, he was calling bullshit on the whole thing. Howard had ranted and raved, thrown tumblers half full of scotch and kicked desks and chairs and computers if they were between him and Tony anytime Tony questioned him though, so Tony took it upon himself to figure it out when he was fifteen years old. Asking Howard for answers was hard. It was easy to sneak a sample of his parents' DNA, easier still to pass it off to an acquaintance, a grad student at MIT, who tested it and returned the results to Tony (a couple grand richer for his silence). Tony didn't have any of Steve Roger's DNA to match his own to, but he had Howard's - and there it was in lines and dots and ink. Bearer: Howard Stark. Alpha: unknown. Unknown - as in do not know. As in, Tony had thought hysterically at the time, not Maria Stark. But not Captain America either, he told himself every time Howard compared him to Tony and found the child lacking, or when Tony finally displayed (as an omega, not an alpha like the great Captain America, how disappointed they all were, how disappointed Steve would be) Howard threw things at him on his sixteenth birthday - wine glasses, birthday gifts, ornaments, picture frames, whatever he could get his hands on until Jarvis burst through the doorway and dragged Tony away. They left the guests watching with wide eyes and open mouths, and Howard's cheque book was significantly lighter the following day, but the papers stayed quiet too. Howard have loved and lost, and boo fucking hoo, Tony thought uncharitably, because he had lost too. He had an alpha mother who barely acknowledged him (and why would she; he wasn't hers, Tony was lucky she hadn't tried to hurt him, force him out of the nest so she could breed her omega in peace, without the cuckoo amongst them). He had a bearer that hated the sight of him, compared him constantly to a dead man and spent most of his time digging hopefully through the ice in a vain attempt to find the body. He had a butler (his friend, his family) who tired, but no law on earth would give custody of an underage omega to an unmated, unrelated Alpha (nevermind that Jarvis had been mated until Ana died). Obi had tried too, and for a while Tony thought of running away with Obi, sticking up the proverbial middle finger to his father while spreading his legs for the much older alpha, embracing the omega lifestyle hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dubious Consent
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Howard Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Kissing
first WinterIron fic
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Gift Fic
Mpreg
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Character Death
Steve is Tony’s father
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Past Tiberius Stone/Tony Stark - Freeform
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

