Work Text:
Later, Tony would maintain that it wasn’t his fault. He was drunk and bored (lonely) and it just… happened.Pepper would look at him and, in the driest tone that Tony had ever heard, remark that he was the only person in the history of the world who would stumble across their soulmate while drunk dialing a phone sex line.It happened like this:Happy escorted him home after a very long night of drinking, pretending to like some people, and trading carefully worded barbs with others, all in the name of getting money. Tony was exhausted both mentally and physically, but the alcohol had helped him to reach the stage where he was so tired he was horny instead. Unfortunately, Happy had decided to be a barrier in the way of anyone coming home with him, so it was that Tony ended up on the couch alone instead of on the bed with a beautiful woman.Life sucked.He decided that deserved to be said out loud. “Life sucks.”No one answered him. He pouted, pushing himself up a bit.“JARVIS? I said life sucks.”“Indeed, sir,” JARVIS replied, tone making it clear he was just humoring Tony. Honestly, the sass he put up with was astounding sometimes. “Shall I call Miss Potts so that you can complain to her?”Tony contemplated that for exactly two seconds before shaking his head. In his current state, he was likely to end up hitting on Pepper. And that would not be good after their failed attempt at dating. He really couldn’t afford to make Pepper mad again anytime soon.“No. Just – TV.”JARVIS obediently switched the television on. Tony squinted at the bright screen. He wasn’t sure when he’d last watched television, but it had been a while. Weeks, maybe, if not months. He just didn’t have the time. He half-heartedly watched some show about a bunch of housewives. Some of them were hot. He wouldn’t have minded bringing them home. Except stupid Happy had stopped him.“Stupid Happy,” he muttered, palming his crotch. The pressure felt nice, but he was tired of getting himself off. It just didn’t have the same impact. He briefly considered calling one of the high class escort services he used to be so fond of. Only problem was Pepper, who might actually murder him if the media got so much as a hint of it after all the work they’d done trying to turn Tony’s reputation around (with, admittedly, mixed results).But – hang on.Hang on.Tony sat up, staring avidly at the television. It was so late, the racier commercials were on… including one for a phone sex hotline. His mouth watered as he stared at miles of gleaming skin; beautiful women and men were prancing around in bathing suits, giving the camera come hither smiles. Right before the commercial ended, the 1-900 number flashed across the bottom of the screen again.“JARVIS, call that number. No! Wait, make sure my name doesn’t show up on the bill. Reroute through an alternate server,” Tony said, maybe a little too gleefully, unbuckling his belt. Pepper couldn’t get mad if no one physically showed up in the mansion, and at least he’d have a sexy voice in his ear to help get him off. “Yes sir. Dialing.”A moment later, the line clicked through to an automated system. Press 1 for women, 2 for men. Normally Tony would’ve gone for 1 in a heartbeat, but – but no one was here, and no one would know except for JARVIS. He swallowed shakily and had JARVIS press the 2. The resulting list of kinks was surprisingly detailed, and by the end of it his spinning head had forgotten what was at the beginning.“Jus’ pick one,” Tony mumbled, sprawling backwards. “Somethin’ you know Daddy likes.”JARVIS definitely sounded long-suffering when he said, “As you wish, sir. Line is connecting.”Tony unzipped his pants, pushed his boxers down, and took his dick in hand. He was only half-hard, but hopefully whoever picked up would be willing to help out with that. The phone rang once, twice, three times before someone picked up."Hey there, what's your fantasy?" The voice was a little rough, deep, and husky. The kind of voice that made you stop and take notice.Unfortunately, Tony was doing anything but. He bolted upright again, the rush of adrenaline and the burning on his chest sobering him up appallingly quickly, and fumbled for his tie. He threw it across the room and ripped open his shirt, inadvertently tearing off two buttons in the process. The mark on his chest, which had been a faded outline since it appeared when he was six years old, was filled in. He had to bite his lip against the sudden urge to start laughing, because once he started he knew he wouldn't be able to stop.Soulmate. This guy - this phone sex operator was his soulmate."My name is Grant. You wanna tell me yours?"For once in his life, Tony was speechless. He couldn't have said anything if his life depended on it."That's fine. I like a man who doesn't talk much. I can do more than enough talking for both of us," Grant purred. Oh god. He had to hang up. Tony made frantic motions at the ceiling until JARVIS got the hint and ended the call. Only then 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
background bucky barnes/clint barton
background Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst with feels
Sex lines
Phone Sex Line
steve works for a phone sex line
Tony Stark Has Issues
tony stark has a reputation
Kinks
Descriptions of sex
but no actual sex
Soul Bond
Tony and Rhodey are bros
Happy Ending
Fluff
Crack
is sad crack a thing?
Steve is stubborn
Tony Feels
Pining
seriously a lot of pining
tony is kind of an idiot
but so is Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

