Work Text:
"Tadaa!" Tony repeated, when his first tadaa! elicited no reaction.
Steve was standing in the parking lot of TOBRU, hand over his mouth. Sam, next to him, had his thumb pressed to his mouth with his knuckles tucked under his nostrils, eyes wide. Bucky, who had weaseled one of the new experimental "hot dog croquettes" out of Sam, was chewing industriously, seemingly indifferent to the monstrosity before them.
"Is that an RV?" Steve finally asked.
"It was an RV. Now it is TRUCKBRU, the mobile eatery," Tony said proudly.
"Yes, yes, I see that," Steve nodded. TRUCKBRU: MOBILE MOLECULAR GASTRONOMY was painted in gold on the side of the cherry-red, blindingly shiny RV. "Tony, what have you done?"
"It's pretty awesome," Tony said, as if agreeing with a compliment that Steve hadn't actually paid him. "I gutted the interior, ripped out the galley kitchen, moved the kitchen to the bedroom, put the bar where the passenger's front seat used to be, and installed bench seating throughout. Very hip, very communal, super socially awkward. I can cook you a five-course meal in this motherfucker."
"You can," Sam said. "Why...why would you, Tony?"
"New York Comic Con!" Tony declared. "Steve said everyone was going, because convention food is dire and conventioneers are desperate and have cash, so I thought I'd whip something up and come join in the fun. Don't worry, it's temporary."
"You bought and gut-remodeled an RV into a mobile restaurant for a stunt?" Bucky asked around a mouthful of Vienna Beef hot dog wrapped in fried potato. Tony nodded. Bucky stuck out his fist, a huge grin on his face, and Tony bumped it proudly.
"Bruce is going to stab you," Steve said.
Which was when, with perfect timing, Bruce opened the door and climbed down, wiping his hands on a towel tucked in his apron string.
"Isn't she great?" Bruce asked.
"How the hell did you get his buy-in on this?" Sam asked.
"Bruce loves a challenge, and anyway when I found him he was running a crepe joint in a literal closet using a hot plate," Tony said. "He's used to it."
"I'm going to fill the air with flavored non-toxic bubbles," Bruce said. "Clint promised we could have him for the weekend, he's making these little edible paper airplanes you can throw into peoples' mouths."
"Does Clint know he will be cooking in a coat closet on wheels?" Steve asked.
"I'm sensing negativity," Tony said, crossing his arms. "I think you are skeptical, you giant hipster hypocrite."
"I don't let people in the truck! That's the point of a food truck, there's no seating service!" Steve insisted.
"Wait," Sam said. "You put a bar in, you said?"
"Yes," Tony said, a hint of suspicion in his face.
"Look, I got this new cocktail recipe, but it's a little too avant-garde for Potato Rescue..." 
Tony threw an arm over Sam's shoulders. "Step into my office," he said, guiding him up the RV's stairs.
"I gotta go start prep, you guys need anything?" Bruce asked.
"No, we're uh, we're all set," Steve said, as Bucky finished the last of his breakfast. When Bruce was gone, Steve turned to Bucky. "Is this really happening? Are they really opening a pop-up restaurant inside an RV?"
Bucky shrugged. "I don't eat fancy things, but really, what could go wrong?"
"I don't know, but I'm going to park close by when we go to NYCC," Steve said. 
"Oooh, prime seats to watch the explosions?" Bucky asked.
"Buck, no! So that I can help rescue diners when Tony sets the RV on fire."
"He almost never blows stuff up anymore," Bucky said, sounding disappointed. "You think he'd let me bartend? Oh wait no, you think he'd let me drive?"
"The going-wrong begins," Steve sighed, as Bucky got up from his perch on War On Hunger's bumper and jogged across to TRUCKBRU, banging on the door to be let in.
***
Tony insisted on family dinner in TRUCKBRU that night, and given the way news traveled, everyone showed up -- Thor and his investor-slash-girlfriend Jane, Sam and Steve, Logan and Kitty from the bakery, Clint and Natasha, and even Coulson and Fury arrived for the dinner that Tony and Bruce assembled in the tiny kitchen located where the bedroom used to be. Peter sat at the bar, and Bucky was allowed to sit in the driver's seat on sufferance (Tony refused to let a bike messenger drive his precious traveling eatery, but said he could be the bouncer, which pleased Bucky just as well.)
"Admit it," Sam said, helping himself to some experimental macaroni made from cheese, cooked in a vodka cream sauce. "This isn't half bad. It's kinda fun."
"I didn't say it would be bad," Steve protested. "I just think it's a poor life choice to put that many chemicals, compressed air canisters, heating elements, and homemade kitchen devices in a small metal box that's powered by highly flammable gasoline."
"Is that...not exactly what you do?" Thor asked. Steve scowled. 
"If it's a hit I might convert it to hybrid!" Tony called from the kitchen, where he was finishing a number of acid-poached steaks.
"I guess if I trust anyone to heavily modif
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Chefs
Chefs
Food Trucks
Comic-Con
RPF

fandom: 
None
