Work Text:

1. Kids at school

His mom's hand was tight around his as she walked him to his classroom, but Phil hardly noticed. He was going to school! He was going to spend a whole day without his mom. His stomach was turning over and over and his hands were sweating, but his mom said the teacher would tell him things even Dad didn't know, and there'd be other kids there. Phil had only ever seen other kids from all the way across the park.
"Here you go, sweetheart," his mom said, stopping by a door. Phil peered into the room. There were tables with chairs around them and bright posters on the wall, and kids. Lots of kids, a whole room full of them, all chattering loudly.
"I'm Mrs. Sawyer," someone said. Phil looked up. His mom was shaking hands with another mom. At least, she looked kind of like a mom. "I'll be Phil's teacher."
"Thank you," Phil's mom said. Her smile looked wobbly. She crouched down and hugged Phil before pulling away and fussing with his hair and the collar of his shirt. "You remember what we talked about?"
Phil nodded. "Never reach out unless someone says I can," he repeated dutifully. "Even if they say hi. No inside words. Don't touch anybody. Smile."
His mom smiled the wobbly smile again. "That's perfect, honey." She smoothed down his hair again. "I'll see you in a couple of hours, okay?"
Now Phil felt kind of wobbly. He made himself smile. "Okay."
His mom told him she loved him and kissed him on the head and walked away. Phil looked up at Mrs. Sawyer. She stepped into the classroom and waved into the room. "Come on in, Phil."
Phil bobbed his head and stepped into the classroom. Mrs. Sawyer led him over to a group of five other kids. "This is your table group," she said. She turned to the other kids. "Phil's very sensitive," she told them firmly. "So no double talk okay? Just use your outside words."
"Hi!" Phil said, heart pounding. He didn't reach, but he felt two whispery touches approach his own mind and his eyes went wide because Mrs. Sawyer had just said. "Hey--" he started, but that's all he got out before one of the other kids burst into tears. Another started screaming.
Which is how Phil learned that reaching wasn't impolite, like his parents had said. Other people did it all the time and it was just fine.
The problem was him.

2. His parents

Phil had always loved his parents. He always knew he was lucky to have them. He knew it a little more after that first day at school, when the kids started crying and he'd been scared and reached out with his mind to the teacher because she was like a mom, right? And she'd yelled and stumbled away from him, too.
He'd pulled back tight, after that, until his mom had come to get him, lifting him up out of the corner he'd wedged himself into and soothing his mind with hers, warm and soft. His parents had homeschooled him for a couple of years after that, until he learned how to keep his mental touch curled up tight. They couldn't stop other people from reaching out to him, but by the time he tried school the second time, the other kids had learned that hello touches should be quick and light.
A quick and light touch was all anyone ever needed to learn not to reach out to Phil ever again.
His parents had been his refuge, the only people he could ever relax with. When other teenagers were rolling their eyes at their parents and getting in arguments, Phil never did. He was too desperately grateful to have them.
His first semester away at college was more difficult than he could ever have imagined it would be. He'd wondered if, with all the new people he'd be meeting, he might find someone who didn't mind the tenor of his mind so much. Everybody's mind has a different tone, a different feel, to it. Everyone liked different kinds of mental touches. There had to be someone out there who thought his was okay, right?
Phil had forgotten about the one benefit of high school: by the time he graduated, every person in the school (and most people in his neighbourhood) knew not to try to reach out to him. Pretty much no one flinched around him his entire senior year.
The people at college hadn't learned that yet. And there were so many more of them. Dozens, even hundreds, of new people in every single class. College was a sea of flinches and pale faces and one guy who'd gone running out of the room and hadn't quite made it to the bathroom, throwing up in the hall.
Phil knew how to keep to himself, but now he learned how to arrange his expression so that people didn't even think about reaching out with their minds when they met him. He learned not to shake hands, no matter how rude it seemed. And he re-learned not to stare when he realized two people were speaking mentally as well as out loud.
Walking into his parents' home was such a relief, tears pricked in the corners of his eyes. His mom stepped out of the kitchen, smiling and holding her hands out, and Phil eagerly reached out mentally even as he greeted her aloud.
She flinched.
Phil froze, his mind re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
possibly disturbing themes related to experimentation on primates
Telepathy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

