Work Text:
"You should go talk to Steve," Clint said, when it was all over.Or rather, it wasn't over -- with two sprained ankles and a broken wrist it would be a while before it was over for Tony -- but the bad guy was behind bars (or foot-thick shatterproof plexi) and everyone was safe, now, so. Beggars, choosers."Well, I would," Tony said, laying down four of a kind to Clint's pair and pulling the tongue-depressors they were playing for over to his side of the tray table. "But I can't exactly jog down the hall and say hello. What, should I phone him?""No," Clint said. "But you got some hot wheels," he pointed out, indicating the wheelchair he was sitting in, Tony's wheelchair, supposedly for getting him out of here tomorrow. "You want me to chauffeur you down there?""Why are you so urgent about getting me to talk to Steve? We talk all the time. We had burgers together literally an hour before Zemo snatched me off the street. And I saw Steve beat Zemo's face in, so I'm sure he's had a fair amount of catharsis," Tony said. "Is there a reason you don't want to?" Clint asked."No! I just think you're being weird about it.""He was really messed up when it happened," Clint said. "I just think he'd like a chance to talk to you.""Okay, well, fine, help me into the deathtrap," Tony said, and as soon as he was in the wheelchair, he looked up at Clint, put his fingers to his temples, and said, "I can reaaaaad your thouuuuughts." "Xavier's going to know you made fun of him," Clint said. He angled Tony out of the hospital room, and as soon as they were in the dim, night-time hallway, he gave a running shove, jumped, and rode the rear bar of Tony's wheelchair as they sped down the hall, much to Tony's delight. Clint jumped off and dragged his shoes on the squeaky linoleum just in time to stop them in front of Steve's door, threw Tony a salute, and jogged off.Tony knocked on the jamb, poked his head in to see Steve lying on his side in the hospital bed, staring out the window, and rolled clumsily inside. Steve wasn't working with three only semi-functional limbs the way Tony was, but he did have a massive burn on his face, spreading down over one side of his chest, pink and grainy where it was healing, blistered where it wasn't yet. He wouldn't scar -- he never did -- but he wasn't going to win any beauty pageants in the next few days. "Hey, Clint and I went joyriding and ended up here. What's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?" Tony asked. Steve didn't turn -- his face would brush the pillow if he did, which Tony figured would hurt -- but he waggled his fingers in a greeting. "Waiting for a cheap line like that," he said, as Tony maneuvered around the bed. "How's the prisoner?""Better than you, I think," Tony replied. "Extra helpings of mac and cheese for dinner," he added, noticing the untouched food on Steve's tray. "You were in Zemo's dungeon for almost a month," Steve said. "Yeah, but it's not like he didn't feed me," Tony replied. Steve had a look he didn't like; he got it when he was upset in a way the Avengers couldn't fix -- sometimes around Memorial Day or Veteran's Day, sometimes when he was coming back from Arlington. Glassy, almost vacant. Like Captain America was running the show and Steve Rogers was hiding out somewhere. "He broke your wrist," Steve said, in a way that expressed how unwilling he was going to be to ever let that go. "Hell, I did that on my own when I got my first pair of roller skates," Tony said, leaning into Steve's line of sight. Steve's eyes flicked down to his face, then back out to the window. "Clint was right. Something's eating you.""We thought you were dead," Steve said. "We saw a body. Your body.""Well, clearly not, since I'm still inhabiting mine," Tony replied. He actually hadn't heard much about what went down. From his perspective it had been a pretty tedious month, really. Zemo hadn't let him near anything more technologically advanced than a plastic spork. "I know that now," Steve said. "Natasha didn't believe it from the beginning.""Did you?" Tony asked, curiously. Steve was silent. Tony carefully stood, hitching himself up onto Steve's bed. He twisted so that his hip bumped up against Steve's abdomen, turned to watch his face. "Someone died in order for Zemo to make us think you were dead," Steve said. "Don't know why yet. And I should be -- angry, upset? that whoever he is, he's dead, such a pointless death, dying just to manipulate me, us. But -- I'm just glad it wasn't you. That's all there's room for right now."Tony patted Steve's side, just below where the burn ended, above the waist of his scrub trousers. "Well, you're only human and I'm an extremely charming guy."Steve's lips twitched, and then he hissed. "Sorry, I'll try not to make you laugh.""Don't strain a muscle," Steve advised. Tony leaned forward carefully, resting his arms on Steve's bicep, chin on his folded wrists. Steve took the weight like it was nothing, like he always did."Come on, Cap," To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Temporary Character Death
Confessions

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

