Chapter 1: Where is my brother?
    




Chapter Text
“Well, fuck… you killed him. Which means Thor is going to kill you. Which means that I’m going to stay as far away from you as I can. You’re in this alone. I’m out. Peace.““Fuck you, Clint.“Seriously. Fuck Clint. For being completely right. Tony was dead. Life well spent, now it was over. Had he mentioned Pepper in his will? Yeah, probably, he had told her to write it before he had signed it. Without reading it.“Yeah. Definitely dead.“ Clint gave the motionless body on the floor a little kick with his foot and when there was no reaction he nodded again. „Good job, Tony. High five. Sorry you have to die now.“Tony was about to tell him to go to hell when he was harshly pushed aside. „Don’t just stand there!“Clint watched rather sceptically as Steve knelt down and checked Loki’s pulse. „What’s the use? He’s dead. He crashed head first into this concrete wall.““He’s breathing.““Oh, come on…“Unlike Clint Tony released a deep sigh of relief. Good. He hadn’t killed Loki, therefore Thor had no reason to kill him. “That means… We finally captured Loki! We got him! High five!“Steve had to ruin Tony’s great mood by growling at them. “He’s out cold and we have no idea how quickly he’ll regain consciousness or maybe he’s hurt… We have to call for back-up and get him out of here.”Sounded like a reasonable idea. They would have to celebrate later on. Tony would tell Jarvis to keep the champagne nice and cool. ***“He’s going to be so pissed when he wakes up. Can I tell him that he’s our prisoner and that we totally kicked his ass? Please!”Of course Tony knew that he was acting like a little child, but it was so hilarious to watch how Fury scowled at him and how Natasha tried to swallow a frustrated sigh. Seriously? They should be happy and dancing on the table. They had him! They had Loki! Their arch nemesis was in a little cell, tightly chained to the table he was lying on. Right next to him they had placed one of the stones Thor had given them which were supposed to dampen Loki’s magic.Tony didn’t want to brag, but it had been his blast that had knocked Loki out. Hero of the day. It felt good to be king.“Are you sure he is alright? Thor isn’t going to take it well if…” Steve didn’t get to finish his sentence, because Clint already let out a loud groan. “Stop it. Nothing can kill this guy… and if Thor doesn’t want his precious manic brother to get hurt… then he shouldn’t take off before we start fighting him.”“Birdman’s got a point here. Where is point break anyway? It can’t take that long to install some stupid magical artefact to shield another mystical artefact…” Tony was so sick of these Asgardians trying to hide their super-secret stuff on Earth. Only a few days ago Thor had showed up, some ugly amulet in his hands and had told them how powerful it was. Naturally Loki was after it and therefore these Asgardian idiots had decided that they should hide the fucking thing on Earth. In Tony’s tower to be exact. What a great idea.Loki had restarted his attacks on New York about half a week later. Coincidence? However, Thor was still setting up some magic defense for the amulet and in the meantime Tony had succeeded in taking Loki out. Like a boss.“Sir, he is waking up.” Natasha nodded towards the glass panel that was separating them from Loki. She was right. Loki’s head was slightly moving and his eyelids were fluttering.“I’m calling dibs!” Rushing past them Clint didn’t wait for permission and entered Loki’s cell without hesitation. His bow had been replaced by a gun, just in case.Standing right next to the table Clint looked down at Loki who was moaning softly. An Asgardian head and a hard concrete wall didn’t make the best combination.“Hey Sleeping Beauty, time to wake up…” Granted, Tony would have thought of something better to say, but Clint was doing a good job at being a jerk. Loki didn’t deserve anything else.Another second and then these green eyes were open, darting around in confusion. “What…?” Loki’s voice was nothing but a hoarse croak and it felt so good to see him in such a fucked up position. The tables had definitely turned.“Good morning… how are you feeling? I bet it hurts. I hope it does. Welcome to your new home. It’s not as fancy as what you’re probably used to, but I think it’ll perfectly do…” The grin on Clint’s face couldn’t be crueller and it finally got Loki’s attention. The Asgardian blinked, turned his head to look at Clint and then he just stared.“What? Surprised? I bet you are…” Clint trailed off when Loki violently tore at the shackles around his wrists. In vain. Oh, poor alien psychopath. “I wouldn’t do that again if I were you. The next time we’ll have to punish you. Nevermind. Please, try again.”Tony only realised that he was also grinning when it faded away. Because Loki did try again. This time crackling, green sparks were surrounding his fingers and with another violent tug Loki tore himself free and the iron shackles off the table.We
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers Tower
Brother Feels
Distrust
Getting to Know Each Other
Memory Loss
Or is Loki just faking it?
Not your typical amnesia story
Implied/Referenced Torture
Loki & Tony Stark Bromance
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Jealous Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki & Tony Stark

