Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve yawned, catching a glimpse of green and yellow patchwork outside the jet’s grubby window. He could easily imagine that the world below them had been built and worked over by ants instead of humans; he had never had an ant farm as a child, but he had seen the ads in the magazines the girls had brought out while they waited to preform, and they had always seemed nice enough. It was silly to be thinking about a kid’s toy all of a sudden, yet all he wanted to do now was pull out his sketchbook and get out a few idle doodles of ants wearing overalls and straw hats. He might even do a few of them working with farm machinery.He poked around in his bag and then remembered that he had left his sketchbook at home for safekeeping. Oh well. At least it was safe where it was instead of off flying into the middle of nowhere with him in a prototype SHIELD jet that had had the words ‘wash me’ written smarmily on the side of it. He turned his attention back to the view, staring at the cotton candy clouds and the tiny shapes in the fields below, all of it pleasantly familiar. That was the nice thing about air travel; it never really changed all that much except to get faster, and maybe a bit more comfortable. Years could go by and farm country would always look just like farm country, at least from up above anyway. The trip was going exceptionally well, which was a miracle all things considered. Autumn wasn’t generally the best time for flights considering how icy things got once the cold started to roll in, but today there had been no problems getting off the runway and out of the city.Normally he preferred ground transport to flying even in a nice enough jet like this one; he had lost his taste for air travel after crashing into the ice taking down the Red Skull’s bomber all those years ago, and he highly doubted that he would ever enjoy flying again. He begrudgingly put up with the way his stomach gurgling in displeasure, forcing himself to remember that the jet was getting them where they needed to be a heck of a lot faster than a boat or car ever could; the faster they got this over with, the faster he could get home after all.Usually he didn’t have the time to look out the window like this; there were always a thousand and one different things to do, and most of the time he was in charge of making sure all of those things happened the way they were supposed to happen. Thankfully, today’s mission wasn’t frantic like most ended up being, leaving him plenty of time to think. Bucky always joked that thinking was for idiots; Steve could understand the sentiment considering how many unpleasant things his mind could get up to when left alone to mull things over like this. Still, he couldn’t complain. The change in pace was nice, almost like he was getting a holiday of sorts and god knows he hadn’t had one of those in years.The changing landscape below was extraordinarily hypnotic, but that might have been because he was two blinks away from blacking out. He hoped to god that he wasn’t muttering things under his breath again; the last thing he wanted now was Bucky giving him shit about it. He knew that Bucky meant well, but sometimes it was nice to let things drop every once in a while. Steve looked to his right and saw that as expected, Bucky was busy taking his pre-mission nap sans boots, his white and green lucky spotted socks out on display; the other Avengers were going through their own rituals.Natasha was busy sharpening her throwing knifes, mumbling something to herself in Russian. Bruce was studiously reading the tactical briefing they had been given by a very harassed looking Coulson; Thor was reading over his shoulder, having forgotten his at home. Clint was busy making fun of the both of them, as usual. It was nice to not be the only one reading the briefing in his off time for once; he always tried to make sure that he kept up to date, but some days it was harder than others to get motivated. As the leader of the Avengers, he felt that it was his duty to be as prepared as possible when heading out on any mission be it big or small. They might have teased him about his obsession with rereading briefings, but he was pretty sure they knew that he was doing it for a good reason. He had lost two night’s sleep this mission and he didn’t regret his decision; those lost hours had been spent poring over the documentation that the illustrious Doctor Stephen Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, had sent over to SHIELD as a favor.According to the mission briefing a portal had sprung to life in an unspecified location in the Arctic, and from what Steve could gather it had appeared all by itself with no source or caster to be found – at least not in their plane of existence; the location itself had been wiped from the report, which made Steve sure that something was going in the background that SHIELD didn’t want them to see.The Sorcerer Supreme had seemed surprised by the sudden appearance portal, al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers - Relationship

freeform: 
references to death
offscreen death/gore
Incubus! Tony
Incubus & Succubus World
AU
Violence
Steve eats his feelings
Nudity
Fighting
Getting Together
Friendship
Sexual Harassment
Dimension Travel
Self Loathing
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
fear of ice/cold
missunderstandings
Bickering
Tony has no social skills
Steve Feels
Tony Feels
Tony has a tail
Nightmares
Minor Injuries
possessive! Tony
fear of moving on in life
grieving proccess
Tony Has Issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers - Relationship

