Work Text:
Tony shifts and firmly tells himself that this is not a sexy situation. It's two days since the SGC woman was here and Loki had been curious about the Sentinel-safe hygiene stuff, so Tony had taken a shower to demonstrate, thoroughly cleaning himself with the scent-free, antiallergic soap. Which had somehow resulted in him lying on the bed with only a towel wrapped around his hips, and Loki kneeling above him, nosing along his skin in a way that is decidedly reminiscent of foreplay, if the teasing, relationship kind Tony didn't get to participate in too often.
Loki flicks his tongue out to lick across his collar bone and Tony gasps and decides that it's high time they talk about it. "So. Are we going to have sex at one point or…?"
This actually makes Loki pause, and nothing else Tony has said until this point has managed that; it's as if Loki had been in a trance. Granted, Tony didn't actually mean it when he protested, but he still did, a little, when Loki herded him to the bed like a freshly rescued damsel in distress or something. Tony really doesn't know what to think about that because something in him had been purring under the intense focus of his Sentinel, and he can't even say that it was purely the Guide part of him.
Sitting up, Loki puts a hand on Tony's collarbone and leans in a little. "I wish to know you in any way possible," he murmurs, voice low. "I wish to be in you in any way I am capable of, and I wish for you to be in me in all the ways possible as well. I wish to know what you look like when you are so filled with bliss you cannot think, nor speak coherently, nor move, and I wish to be the one that made it so. I wish to own you in any way you will let me, and be owned in return, and if that is not what you want I shall never speak of it again, but that is what I want."
Tony swallows, then swallows again. "No," he squeaks, "I'm on board with that, we can do that, yes."
Loki smiles, a smug little thing that might have annoyed Tony but after that little speech? He gets to be a little smug. "Good," he says, leaning in, and Tony thinks it's going to happen now and he's not sure – he wants it, sexually, god does he want it. Loki is hot damn sex on legs even as skinny as he is. But there is part of him that is needy and desperate for anything Loki in a not at all sexual way; information about him, be it about his past or his smell or the way he goes a little still when Tony puts a hand on his belly, the way his eyes slit like a cat's when Tony cards his fingers through his hair and then slides his hand down his neck and spine in one long, languid swipe. And just as much as he craves Loki, he needs Loki's attention. He's had it at least partially for the whole time since they met, he knows that and it calms him somewhat, but he's greedy, incredibly greedy, and just wants more, more, more. None of this is sexual though. He would have sex with Loki because it would bring him closer to his Sentinel, but he's not sure if that's the only reason.
In itself, that would not be much of a problem; Tony has had sex for a variety or reason other than wanting to have it and he didn't come out worse for it. But there is the part of him that's… apprehensive. Not scared, not quite, but… they are going to spend the rest of their lives with each other, in a way Tony has never really had with another person. He's never lived with somebody else, has never been so close to someone they needed to see each other every day, every night. Yes, he has had a ton of no-strings-attached sex and even relationships, but everyone, he himself included, is very aware of the fact that he's a Guide. And no matter how unlikely, nobody has ever been quite able to forget that his Sentinel might against all odds still show up, and that would be an automatic, complete end to any relationship he had until then. Even if he'd been married with children, not that Guides tend to do that. Most people know better than to get involved emotionally with a Guide, and if they do, the constant worry about that Sentinel always eventually becomes too much and brings an end to whatever relationship has been built. Besides, it's a common theory that Guides and Sentinels both cannot truly love another person as fully and completely as they'd love their mate. Who wants to compete with that?
And maybe it's true, but maybe it's all just instinct in the end, the chemicals muddling their brains, and that combined with the fact that there will never be someone who could possibly be as close as their mate… Tony just doesn't know if it's real or if it's just giving in and telling yourself that this is the best thing that could ever have happened to you because you're unable to face the fact that it's not and that there is nothing you can do about it.
He just… so maybe he is scared, maybe he is. Loki is for him, he knows that, it feels true in a way nothing else ever has (and that still astounds him, the clarity with which he knows that, especially whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

