Work Text:
Clint was the first victim.
It had been a day of very wearing meetings about what SHIELD intended to do with Bucky, and Steve just wanted to get some peace and quiet with Bucky. They’d found an empty meeting room, but somehow “some peace and quiet” had turned into “enthusiastically making out with each other” within about two minutes. (Steve would swear blind this had absolutely not been his intention in the first place.)
Clint opened the door and stopped dead in his tracks. They stopped kissing but didn’t break their embrace, just looked expectantly at him.
“You two are a thing? How did I not- I mean- how long has this been going on?”
Bucky looked at his watch, “Two hours, ten minutes if you’re counting from the kissing, two hours if you’re counting from the screwing.”
Clint’s jaw dropped.
Steve burst out laughing, genuine joy under the amusement. That was the Bucky he knew, a man who considered it a calling to mess with people's heads.
Bucky gave Steve a stern look. “Steve, work with me, we coulda had him believing I deflowered you on a SHIELD lunch break.”
“So you weren’t fucking over lunch?”
“I just said that it wasn’t the first time. But it was the first time over Director Fury’s desk.”
Steve was laughing again, and wasn’t sure if he was ever going to stop.
Clint gave them a disbelieving look. “...’kay, I’m going to go away now and try and remember what the hell it was I was supposed to tell you.”
It was just the first time that Steve had lost it and burst out laughing. After that he was back to his old role, of soberly agreeing with whatever line Bucky was spinning, and keeping his amusement for later. At least most of the time.
It wasn’t just for fun either, it never had been. It was a way of deflecting attention, of avoiding difficult subjects, sometimes of hiding in plain sight. Perhaps they didn’t need to hide any more (or at least as much), but there were still plenty of things that neither of them really wanted to talk about.
Such as...
“So, Capsicle, we’re all happy you got your boyfriend back, but I want to know - you and Peggy Carter?” Tony was sprawled on one end of the couch, the other Avengers scattered around the rest of the room. “She just a beard? Or did you play it both ways?”
Steve did not want to talk about Peggy to Tony, and was saved from having to do so by Bucky. “See, the thing you gotta remember about Peggy Carter was that there wasn’t just one. I mean, there was the original, but then she got so useful it ended up as a code name. All real similar looking, enough so they could pass as each other. Idea was to confuse the enemy. There were what, four of them?”
Bucky turned to Steve with that question, who said, “Five.” He had no idea where Bucky was going with this, but as always, was more than happy to run with it.
“So the first one that Steve met was actually Peggy Three, I think? Yeah, three. Then in Italy it was Peggy Two, I think the one in London was the original. You gotta know, they were real good. Kept each other up on intel, so could keep on like they were one person. And that meant no romancing, ‘cause either they broke the illusion or they all have to date the same guy, and that ain’t right. But when they create Captain America someone says Captain America oughta have a steady girl, go with the image. And someone in the SSR thinks that’s a great idea to make sure people think Peggy Carter’s one person, if she’s dating, and it ain’t really dating, ‘cause she’s dating Captain America, she ain’t dating Steve Rogers.”
It was genius. Enough based in the truth to be initially believable (there were doubles of people used in intelligence work in the war, Captain America’s image had been carefully managed), but in reality absolutely insane. The logistics of running five doubles with 1940s communications were just completely impossible.
Tony was looking a little incredulous, not surprising, he was a bright guy. “Five identical agents-”
“I said similar enough, not identical. Peggy Two was definitely the cutest-”
“You’re just saying that because you convinced yourself she had a crush on you.”
Bucky narrowed his eyes at Steve, “I wasn’t totally invisible next to you, y’know. And, whatever, she had a nicer smile. And a nicer ass. But,” Bucky turned back to Tony, “this is important, all of them were professionals. Weren’t gonna let themselves be distracted from the job by anyone. Smile in public to be Captain America’s girl and that’s it. The four code names got demobbed after the war, went back to being just the one-”
Steve added in, “Kept one of them on the reserve list though, just in case.”
Bucky nodded, “Yeah, I read that too. Think they kept Peggy Five because she looked the most like the original.”
He could tell that they’d done it and Tony was entirely sold on the story (or rather, Bucky had sold it and Steve had helped out). Enough of the personal touches, the details, a bit of disagreement and it was convincing.
When they got home that night Bucky had noted down 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

