Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Make sure you thoroughly read through that packet, Stark.

Tony twitched.

Tony, you need to take a break.

Groaning, Tony rolled over.

Hey, man, when's the last time you slept?

Tony jerked in his sleep.

My love, please come to bed. Please.

Tony twists and rolls and grips the sheets of his bed.

Tony, please.


Tony, get some sleep.


Tony, please eat.


Stark, are you paying attention?


Tony.


Stark!


Tony!


 TONY! 

Jerking upright, Tony sucks in deep breaths. He can feel the sweat on his body cool with the low temperature in his room. Twisting his body to the side, he sees T'Challa sitting up too. One hand partly reaching out, but looking unsure if he should touch him. Ripping the sheets off him, Tony stumbles to his feet and runs for the bathroom.
He barely gets the toilet lid up before vomiting last night's takeout. A gentle, cool hand rests lightly on the back of his neck rubbing slow soothing circles.
"I'm here," T'Challa whispers. "I'm not going anywhere."
Tony whimpers when he feels the bile coming up again. He swallows a couple of times.
"No, Tony. Don't hold it in. It's okay."
They spend what seems like hours in the bathroom before Tony finally has the energy to pull away from the toilet. He can sort of hear T'Challa get up from behind him (the ringing in his ears giving him a headache), briefly hear the sink water run, and then feels a wet towel pat his face and the wipe at his mouth.
"I'm sorry," Tony croaks. "I di-didn't mean to w-wake you."
"Shh, you did not wake me."
Tony released a breath he didn't realize he was holding and sagged against T'Challa's unwavering form.
"What time are you leaving later?" Tony asks quietly. "It's gotta' be, like, almost 4 in the morning."
"It's currently 3:26am, Boss," FRIDAY states, volume low.
Tony appreciates that.
"Seven o'clock in the evening. Though, I am reluctant to leave you."
Tony sighed. "I don't want you to leave, but you have a duty as king to your country. I understand."
T'Challa merely shakes his head and helps Tony up. With a hand on the small of Tony's back, he guides his lover to the sink to rinse out his mouth and walk him out of the bathroom but not before discarding the towel in the hamper and turning off the light followed by closing the door. When they settle back in bed, Tony turns curls against T'Challa's chest. His head hurts, his body aches, and he still feels sick to his stomach.
T'Challa runs his fingers through Tony's thick wavy hair, kissing his forehead softly every time they get caught in a knot. Tony only nuzzles his face against T'Challa's collarbone. 
"I'll be fine on my own," Tony whispers. "I've got Rhodey and Pepper and Vision and FRIDAY. I'll be okay."
T'Challa merely hums. Pulling Tony closer, he rests his head on of his lover's own and closes his eyes.
"Go to sleep, Tony. I'll be here when you wake up."
He barely feels Tony nod his head.
Just as sleep was about to take over, he hears the quiet, "Thank you."
Pressing a kiss into Tony's thick hair, he smiles.
They both rest a little easier.



Tony doesn't wake up until well into the afternoon. 
"FRIDAY?" Tony croaks out. His throat is dry and his head hurts.
"Good afternoon, Boss. It's currently 1:37PM on March 12th, 2017. The temperature outside is 78 degrees. Do you require anything?"
Before Tony can reply, the bed sheets shift slightly and a deeper voice speaks up, "Please start the coffee maker, FRIDAY."
"Of course, Your Highness."
Groaning, Tony attempts to roll over, but can't. He's being held close to T'Challa's chest.
"Let me go," Tony whines. 
He does a little shake, but still can't move.
"Can I give you a kiss first?" T'Challa asks.
Moving his head just enough, Tony looks up into T'Challa's eyes. They're a beautiful dark brown, almost golden in the light. Nodding his head, he feels T'Challa's hand cup the back of his neck gently and pulls him upwards a bit to kiss him on the mouth. Shifting a little bit, the kiss deepens some. Breaking the kiss, Tony turns his head away to breath.
"I want to brush my teeth and drink coffee. In that order," Tony mumbles.
"Does that not defeat the purse of brushing your teeth?" T'Challa asks amused.
Pulling away now that the arms around him are loose, Tony sits up. "I'm not letting you kiss me again while I still have morning breath." 
Amused, T'Challa turns away and gets up from the bed. Tony leans back and admires T'Challa's strong shoulders, trimmed waist, the curve of his boxer covered ass, and the muscles on his legs. They hadn't gone beyond great handjobs, the occasional blowjob, and heavy petting. Tony has expressed his discomfort for going beyond just that. He just...wasn't ready yet.  
T'Challa just smiles and says he understands, that he won't pressure Tony into anything he doesn't want to do. Tony just might be a little in love with him. 
Looking away, Tony throws the bed sheets off him and stands up. With a little smile towards T'Challa, he walks into the bathroom to take care of bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanoff
Tony Stark & Happy Hogan

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Deserves To Be Spoiled
Fuck General Ross
T'Challa is a Good Boyfriend
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Pepper & Tony are okay
Rhodey & Tony are okay
Happy & Tony are okay

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanoff
Tony Stark & Happy Hogan

