Work Text:
“Now, surely you have better things to do with your time,” you say as you lean against the door frame.Tony looks up from his project at the sound of your voice and places the screwdriver down on the counter carefully. “Sounding a little jealous there, sweetheart,” He warns and leans back in his chair with a smile. “You missing me? I didn’t know you were coming over tonight or I’d have….” he rubs a palm over his grubby t-shirt with a grin, “…made an effort to get dressed.”You use your best pouty expression and move into the room, circling the three Ironman suits standing on the raised platform in the centre. Silver, Gold and Red. “I thought I’d surprise you… but you seem to be a little busy.” Your fingers trail down the metal arm of Red casually. It’s cool to the touch and absolutely flawless. “I’m beginning to think you like them more than me.”“Now why would I wanna go and do a thing like that?” He reaches over and picks up the small headset from the edge of the desk, turning it over in his fingers as he stands up and moves towards you slowly. “Now I definitely know you’re jealous. You just showed your hand.” He stops just as your back touches Gold’s chest. It stands tall, immovable, like a statue.  His eyes are burning into yours; his mouth is so close you can actually feel his breath as you find yourself biting your lip. “You should never show your hand so early on in the game,” he continues. “You’re leaving yourself nothing to bluff with and that’s a sure-fire way to lose.”You’re expecting him to kiss you. His mouth is right there but he’s just looking at you, like he’s enjoying making you wait.  Your eyelids flutter for a second, just enough to give yourself away. Shit! You lost this game as soon as you stepped into the room and he fucking knows it. His ego is loving every minute of it but you can’t bring yourself to leave the game now.He steps back and puts the headset on, laying the pads at each end flat against his head. “See, the problem - the way I see it…” He says walking away like he’s giving a presentation to a future customer, “…is you just think of them as mindless machines when they’re anything but that. You just have to get to know them better.”He turns and leans back against his desk casually, “they each have a perfectly working mind.” You smile sweetly, thinking you can maybe still get the upper hand here. You start to walk towards him but two gold arms reach from behind and pull you back firmly, wrapping across your chest. “They have this one.” Tony adds, tapping his forehead with a smile.“What..the fuck!” you blurt before you realise what’s happened. His suit has you held tightly like a prisoner. He has you exactly where he wants you and it’s hot as hell. Your eyes darken as you force yourself to string a sentence together. “You can control them with that thing?” you manage, gesturing to the headset.“Yeah, pretty neat, huh?” he smirks, looking so proud of himself.You can’t help but chuckle a little as you shake your head, “You’re a bad man Tony Stark.”He pushes himself off the desk and returns to his position in front of you. “Bad guys have all the coolest toys though, don’t you think?”“I wouldn’t know, I’ve never played with your ‘toys’ before.”“Well I’m in a sharing mood tonight so let’s play, shall we?” He leans forward and kisses you full on the mouth. Your eyes flutter closed as his skin touches yours. He tastes of scotch and sweat and it’s delicious. You lick your lips when he breaks contact but when you open your eyes, he’s across the room already and rummaging through a drawer. You take the opportunity to test how strong the suit’s hold on you is and try to wriggle free but you get nowhere. Tony tuts at you like a parent who’s disappointed and wanders back with a pair of scissors in his hand.  “He only does what I want him to, they all do. You’re not getting free unless I tell them so don’t wriggle too much or I might get distracted and make him crush you by mistake.” He raises his eyebrows. “I’ll be honest, that’s gonna ruin my evening right there.”You flinch as Silver and Red suddenly move so they’re either side of you. Cold, metallic fingers grab your elbows and wrists as Gold unwraps himself from your chest. You’re now standing with your arms out, vulnerable and at Tony’s mercy. You catch the little look of triumph that flashes across his face before he holds the scissors up in front of you.“You’re overdressed,” he says simply and runs the flat of the blades down your front until he reaches the bottom of your shirt. Pulling the material taught, he begins cutting slowly through your clothes, revealing your black bra underneath. You’re lost for words right now but your breathing’s taken over and keeps catching in your throat every time the cold blade touches your bare skin.A little moan escapes you as he peels back the ragged material and admires the view. “Mmm Now that’s a lovely sight if ever I saw one. What do you think Red? You like what you see?” You watch as the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Iron Man Suits/Reader

freeform: 
BDSM
breath play
Sex with Technology
spitting
Slapping
Choking
dildo
Tech Porn
Submissive
Dominant
Dominant Tony Stark
Submissive Reader
drool
Sperm
Deep throat

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Iron Man Suits/Reader

