Work Text:

“So no matter what, I promise you- if you need me, if any of you need me, I’ll be there.”
 And despite the condescending tone of that letter, and the insult of that flip phone, for God’s sake, he kept the phone charged and ready to use. (The letter he burned and put the ashes in a little jar; he has plans to send the ashes to Rogers with a letter of his own, a big fat FUCK YOU; through T’Challa). He never did use it, and has no plans to, unless there is a real need to get Rogers and his team out of the forest; like, say…aliens, or something equally big. He would never use it for personal reasons, because Tony doesn’t need him, they don’t need him. They have no place in their lives for a man that only breaks his promises.But apparently, Rogers can’t take a hint. So, after almost two months after the phone and letter arrived (months full of physical therapy, psychological therapy, many nightmares, change of bedrooms and a completely new routine which includes Rhodey, Vision, Pepper and Harley, more often than not), the ex-Captain calls.  Tony is so tempted to just let the cell ring until Rogers gets tired of calling, but there are two problems: 1) Tony’s eardrums are more likely to bleed before Rogers gives up (and seriously, does that device has no other tone that doesn’t make you want to shoot something/someone?) and 2) it could, technically, be an emergency that requires back up; and if that were the case, Tony can’t ignore it. So he takes a deep breath, sits down on the couch he has on the workshop, and answers.“What, Rogers.” He says with his most dry voice, the same one he uses to deal with undesirable assholes…and wait a minute. Who is he talking to but Captain Asshole himself?“…” Silence for about ten seconds is his answer. He is about to hang up (if Rogers can’t figure out how to answer a call in an ancient phone it’s not his problem, world-ending-crisis be damned), when a deep breath is heard over the line, and then “…you never called.”Tony honestly has to give his brain a few moments to process the monumental bullshit that just came out of Rogers mouth. Then he talks.“Are you fucking kidding me!?” Well, he yells, but same difference. “Why in hell would I call you?” he spits with as much venom as he can inflict in his voice.“I just thought that maybe Peter would have liked to talk to his Papa.” Rogers responds, defensive.“Oh, his Papa, uh? Do you mean the bastard that promised to never leave him and did just that not even a year later?”“Tony, no, I-” He tries to interrupt, but Tony just pushes on.“Maybe you meant the man that almost killed his Dad, that was this close to leave Peter an orphan again?” Tony is breathing faster and faster; his heart is beating like crazy, and with his medical history that’s not good. But he needs this; he has to make Rogers understand. He might not be the best parent in the world; but he would never abandon his baby, would never just forget about Peter. The only reason he pulled himself together in Siberia after the most painful break-up ever is his son; and he’ll die before he lets Rogers anywhere near his baby again. Tony might give second and third choices when it’s his heart in the line of fire; but Steve hurt Peter and that’s something he will never forget. Or forgive.“Tony please, I never wanted to hurt either of you!” Rogers exclaims. He sounds pained.“But you did.” Hisses Tony. “You did, Rogers. You left me bleeding, in a broken armor, with no means to contact anyone, in the middle of fucking nowhere! If Ross or fucking HYDRA had come to take me in, I would have been a sitting duck! Not only that, but you left with him, the man you lied to your family for, the man you hurt officers for, the man you put civilians in the hospital for!” Tony is close to hyperventilating now, and FRIDAY is flashing his vitals on all the screens. He has to calm down, he has to calm down or FRIDAY will wake the nearest person around and tonight there’s only Peter in the compound. He can’t let his son see him like this, it’s enough they have to comfort each other after nightmares; he can’t allow his baby to see him in the middle of a panic attack because of Steve, his son shouldn’t worry about him more than he already does. He is so young and Tony can’t ruin that, he can’tcan’tcan’tcan’t. He starts repeating the multiplication tables he was teaching Peter just the other day; his baby is so smart he already mastered them and he is only five. Thinking about his son helps and he starts unwinding, just enough to notice that Rogers has obviously been talking to him for a while and the bastard has the gall to sound worried. Tony has the plastic phone clenched tight in his hand, and he brings it closer to his ear.“…baby, it’s going to be alright, you’ll be fine, okay? Just relax, sweetheart, breath, deep breaths, alright? I promise it’ll be al-” Tony can’t take any more empty promises, though, so he interrupts.“Did you even care for us? Were we even your family? Or were you just u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Superhusbands
Superfamily
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Peter
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Steve Rogers broke it

fandom: 
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

