Chapter 1: You would read to me?
    




Chapter Text
                Steve couldn’t sleep. He had hardly slept in 3 days aside from some dozing on the jet home from missions. On night like this, however, it almost felt unbearable. He had managed to fall asleep briefly before succumbing to nightmares. He was in the ice and all he could see was blue and hear screaming. He bolted upright on the verge of a panic attack. The nightmares wouldn’t be so bad if he didn’t feel so alone. Yes, he had friends in the Avengers, but it felt difficult to make the connections he really needed. Feeling so removed and out of place weighed on him as well. If he at least had Bucky – his best friend, his brother – he might not feel such an ache in his chest when he navigated the dark halls of the tower at night.                 He went to the kitchen to make himself some tea, it seemed futile but thought it would at least warm him. He had barely placed the kettle on the stovetop before a light came on in the in the living room area.                 “Can you not sleep, Captain?” Loki mused as he rose from his seat near the window. He was wear tight black slacks and a forest green t-shirt. It had taken Steve a while to get used to seeing him in such ‘normal’ clothing. He had missed the Asgardian leathers at first, but he now liked seeing Loki and Thor in the usual fashions.                 “Yes. Sorry if I bothered you out here,” Steve stared at Loki with some small feelings of confusion. They rarely interacted much beyond exchanging pleasantries in passing. On missions that Loki did attend Loki almost always worked independently and required little direction.                 “It is no bother. I was not doing anything of importance’ merely watching your Midgardian rain,” he replied.                 “Does it not rain on Asgard?” Steve questioned with genuine curiosity. A world without rain seemed both odd and distressing.                 “We do, but…it is not the same. When it rains in Asgard it is often a torrential downpour. One could not stroll in it like some do here,” he was looking out into the night with a faraway gaze. Loki looked almost peaceful.                 “Some sing and dance in it,” Steve said with a small laugh.                 “Do they?” Loki raised a brow and looked towards Steve, seeking an explanation.                  “It’s an old film from 1952 starring Gene Kelly. It is a loved classic. Though, it came out after I went into the ice,” he gave a sad smile.                 “I’m often quite fond of your films. We have nothing like them on Asgard. When Thor and Stark first insisted I view one I simply thought it was another one of your journalistic broadcasts of recent events. I felt quite foolish when corrected.”                 Steve smiled at that memory. Tony had convinced them to watch Star Wars. Both Loki and Thor acted as though it were some sort of historical document and began to bombard them all with questions about the wars. It actually made Steve feel a little better at the time, it meant he was not the only one adjusting to a strange environment.                 “I had a similar reaction the first time I saw some of these special effects. Seemed too real,” he continued.                 “Your technology is sometimes a thing to marvel,” Loki spoke quietly.                 “Would you like some tea?” Steve offered.                 “Perhaps. What have you to choose from?” he moved towards the kitchen. Steve was unloading the various teas from the cabinet. Tony made a point to keep a well-stocked kitchen, once Steve and Bruce mentioned their preference for tea over coffee there might have been some over-zealous shopping on Tony’s part. Loki perused the selection and seemed puzzled by some of the options.                 “What is a matcha green tea latte?” he asked while examining the tin.                 “Oh. Bruce made one for me once. It’s sweet and sort of frothy. They’re good but don’t exactly feel or taste like tea,” Steve presented.                 “Hmm, I suppose I shall have what you’re having then,” Loki gave a brief smile before inspecting some of the other tea before him.                 “I’m sure you’ll like it. It’s supposed to help you sleep,” he handed him the box.                 “I still wish to learn more about the herbs and horticulture of this realm. I wonder which plant in this tea has sleep inducing properties,” he announced while reading through the ingredients list.                 “It’s the valerian, I think. And the chamomile,” Steve shrugged.                 They sat in silence listening to the rain as their tea brewed. This was the longest he had ever been alone with Loki and it was nicer than he had expected. Loki was often aloof and cold, but he was currently serving to be quite a comfort.                 “This tea is quite pleasant. I thank you for providing it,” he nodded at Steve.                 “You’re welcome. And I thank you for your company,” he grinned.              
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff/Sif
Matt Murdock/Tony Stark
Logan/Scott Summers
Maria Hill/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Marvel Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Slow Burn
Flirting
Friends to Lovers
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Gay Steve Rogers
Bisexual Loki
Kissing
Grinding
Frottage
Masturbation
Porn Watching
Oral Sex
Rimming
Dream Sex
Fluff
Angst
Humor
Explicit Sexual Content
Pining
Non-Graphic Violence
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Loss of Virginity
Dirty Talk
Switching
Homophobic Language
Accidental Voyeurism
Semi-Public Sex
Thor Is a Good Bro
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
BAMF Frigga
Light Dom/sub
Light Bondage
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Spanking
BAMF Pepper Potts
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Sex
Unplanned Pregnancy
SO MUCH FLUFF

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff/Sif
Matt Murdock/Tony Stark
Logan/Scott Summers
Maria Hill/Pepper Potts

