Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Draco Malfoy’s shiny dragon-leather oxford sunk four inches into the largest, most excessive dog dropping he had ever seen. If he hadn’t known better, he’d have sworn the source had to be hippogriff.“I cannot believe this is my life,” he announced, looking in horror at the mess that had once been his foot. This is clearly what happened when one abandoned everything one knew for a fool’s errand of a search for a myth. London was disgusting. His shoe was ruined, and he couldn’t even do a scouring charm in front of all the bloody Muggles. Harry Potter. They might as well have been on a search for Merlin’s grave.None of his five unlikely compatriots gave him a moment’s sympathy.“Believe it,” Girl Weasley said cheerfully. She looked down at her book again, squinting at the small maps. “London A-Z? Are you sure all this is accurate, Hermione?”“Aside from wizarding areas, yes,” Granger said crisply. “And it’s entire when you purchase the wizarding supplement.”“Muggle London is massive,” Boy Weasley said glumly. He peered over his sister’s shoulder. “How are we ever going to find this bastard?”“Logic and deductive reasoning,” said Granger.“Innovative thinking,” Luna suggested.Girl Weasley shrugged. “Dumb luck?”“A combination,” said Neville, grinning. We aren’t, Draco wanted to say, but didn’t. The city was too big, and Harry Potter was just — some boy who got lucky, once. It wouldn’t even matter if they did find him. It’s not like it would help.“My foot is still entirely dung,” Draco informed them. “If anyone wanted to duck over to some helpful alcove so that I could prevent my entire sock from becoming subsumed in faeces, I would be much obliged.”Granger ignored him. “The boy from his old school —”“Ali,” Boy Weasley substituted.“Ali, gave us a good lead. I’m absolutely positive we’ll be able to find him — or find someone who can find him.” Granger shook her head. “I can’t believe he’s been out of his family’s protection for so long and they haven’t found him.”Everyone glanced, reflexively, at Draco. Draco tried not to take it personally. He had once been they, after all.“They underestimate Muggle areas.” Draco checked the street for onlookers, palmed his wand and crouched over his shoe to clean it.“Thank Morgana,” said Girl Weasley. She peered into her map. “Okay, both of the possible addresses are in someplace called… Peckham.”Everyone but Hermione traded baffled looks. “Muggles,” said Boy Weasley bewilderedly, and Draco nodded.Granger hummed, as if this meant something to her. “We’ll take the tube, then we’ll split up to check the addresses.”Both Weasleys looked thrilled. Draco made a face. “Must we. Why can’t we just Apparate?”“London is rather a populated area, Malfoy. Not to mention that some of us still have the Trace, and we can’t risk the Statute of Secrecy.” Granger adjusted her handbag, which clunked forebodingly. “And the two of us who can actually perform Apparition need to save our strength in case we need it for an emergency.”“Cheer up,” Neville said, clapping him on the shoulder. “You can do the ticket thing.”Draco did like the ticket thing. “Glorious. A metal tube beneath the ground, let us all descend merrily into hell.”“I don’t think it will be as bad this time,” Granger said. “It’s not peak hours.”“Ooh, perhaps we’ll see the Underground dragons.” Luna smiled blithely up at the terraced houses, as if at old friends.“I don’t like being in confined space for that long,” Girl Weasley admitted. “The Under-train is amazing, though.”“Yeah,” Boy Weasley agreed, “Dad would have…” He trailed off, putting his hands into his pockets for something to do.Granger touched Boy Weasley’s arm lightly. “No time to waste,” she said, and led them down the street. Though she was the shortest of their number, she somehow managed to convey height through sheer intensity of expression.Our fearless leader, Draco thought, and regretted every decision he had ever made. Hermione Granger may have been the most determined and capable person Draco had ever met, but this wild-ghoul chase had been doomed from the start. Draco was shocked they had survived for this long. He wasn’t foolish enough to expect to survive much longer, let alone find Harry Potter wandering around this infested city.*In a small and leaky flat in Peckham, Harry Potter stared at his face in the streaky mirror.“This is not forever,” Harry told himself. “This is not going to be your life forever.”Harry’s reflection just stared back at him, glasses smudged, face drawn. His scar stretched jaggedly across his forehead, breaking into lightning tendrils and cutting through part of his eyebrow.His one and only sort-of-friend, Ali, had told him his scar was wicked.“You should get your hair cut short,” he’d said, “No one’ll fuck with you if they see that scar.”People didn’t fuck with Harry all that much, really. When he first started at the local comprehensive, older boys tried to rough him up but they always seemed to have things happen to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Pining
Humor
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Friendship

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

