Work Text:
The sad thing was that it wasn’t even a surprise at all. Tony was used to it. He was used to the pain of not being good enough, he was used to be let down just when his hopes were high and he was used to be neglected for something better than him.
No big news, no big surprises, just his life being his life. The worst thing, however, was that no matter how often it had happened to him, it never stopped hurting like the very first time.
So ok, Tony collected broken promises like other people stamps and he had a quite huge collection by now. There was Howard and Pepper and Rhodey and Obi and now Steve, and it didn’t even hurt like the first time, it was so much worse, because this time he really had believed that there could be something like a happy ending for him and he loathed himself for his naiveté, his stupid hopes and his clinging heart for betraying him like that.
His knees gave in as he reached their – his – bed, the bed they once shared but he slept in alone for five months now. At the beginning, it didn’t bother him, really. And he absolutely understood.
If he would get his best friend back although he was supposed to be dead, he would have been head over heels. And of course Steve had to look after Bucky, had to make sure that he was safe, that no nightmares would wake him up or flashbacks would harm him. And he had some projects to work on anyway. It was for the best, at least he didn’t have to have a bad conscience when he came to bed late or not at all. A win-win situation, really.
But days became weeks and weeks became months and of course he had to sleep sometimes and also, he was a grown man and when the nightmares returned, he had told himself that he wouldn’t need Steve, that it was selfish to claim him when someone else needed him so much more, he was used to deal with this on his own and yes, ok, Steve had helped and at one point the nightmares had disappeared almost completely and when they did occur, Steve had always brought him down in a matter of minutes and so what, he was able to do it.
But then they became worse and worse and he didn’t sleep for days until he blacked out in his workshop in a dreamless state of darkness.
It was often Bruce who found him like this, because it was Bruce who made sure that he ate enough and he pretended that it didn’t hurt like hell the first time it wasn’t Steve who brought him a sandwich and tried to talk him into attending dinner or movie night or a board game session and in return Bruce didn’t say anything as well, just looked at him in such a sad and knowing way that Tony remained speechless.
Tiredly he grabbed into his pocket and pulled out a small and plain box, a painful smile on his face as he ran his trembling fingers over it. It was black and soft and meant for Steve, he had meant to give it to him today, he had meant to ask him the question he wanted to ask for so long, wanted to present the ring he had made himself from the remains of his first arc reactor, wanted Steve to wear it, just wanted to hear a “yes” because Steve had promised him a forever a long time ago and he had believed him like he had believed no one before.
He had believed him since the first kiss four years ago, since they became what they became far too quick and intense for him and everything was so delicate and beautiful and fragile but they had managed and he was so sure, so sure that he had found the one, but right now he reminded himself that he never did something to deserve this happy ending, no matter how hard he tried to think about something.
The first sob escaped and he clenched his jaw, pressed his hand against his lips to stop himself.
It was their anniversary but he knew that Bucky had had a hard week, the press conference last Monday had triggered a massive flashback and he couldn’t blame Steve for missing their date, really.
But a small and selfish part didn’t hesitate to remind him that this wasn’t the first time, that this was just another time he was forgotten, another time he was pushed aside for things far more important to him.
But he had forgiven Steve the times before that. At the beginning he really didn’t mind how he brought Bucky along at date night, how they chatted happily about past times while Tony was sitting next to them, entirely forgotten but at least Steve’s hand was in his and sometimes his boyfriend would shoot him a happy smile or squeeze his hand and it was worth it. But then it was never just them, at some point they barely kissed or touched – his heart ached, when was the last time they had kissed? When was the last time he had touched him? A small friendly gesture, nothing big?
He remembered when he had put a hand on Steve’s shoulder and he didn’t even react, he just shook it off and went away and Tony went straight to his workshop for four days before he returned, just to realize that he wasn’t even missed.
He remembered asking Steve for an evening together, just the two of them and remembered the anxious and burning 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve fucks up
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Neglect
Angst
Misunderstandings
Bucky is back
Steve is a bit too excited about that
Protective Avengers
Tony Angst
someone hug that man already
author loves Tony
and he will be fixed
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Marriage Proposal

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

