Work Text:


-o-
“So…”“Don’t you dare.” Steve glared at Natasha as he dried his hair, feeling refreshed from the shower. He wasn’t surprised to see the spy lounging on his bed, smacking gum, and flipping through one of her magazines. Apparently when she really liked a person she claimed them and all their stuff as hers. “Can’t say congrats?” She flipped through the magazine, apparently enjoyed what she found and dog-tagged the page. “You and I both know that’s not what you’re here for.” Steve sat on the edge of the bed and then flopped backwards. “Oh yes. You caught me. So here for the dirty bits. You know I’m so curious about how hot it was in the bedroom. His penis as great as he says it is?”“Ugh.” He rubbed his palms into his eyes. “You and Bucky are killing me. I dread to face Clint. So I had sex, why must it be big news?"“We’re all family and therefore everyone’s business is each other’s business. And is our civic duty to make as uncomfortable and funny as possible. So, you did the bow-chica-bow-wow?”“Nat.” He shifted. His back couldn’t find a comfortable position and his sheets smelled too clean. “Is my bed supposed to feel wrong after it?”Natasha blew a bubble and popped it. “It can vary. I haven’t really had much experience with any of this.”Steve shifted again. It wasn’t that his room felt uncomfortable or bad but that it wasn’t where he wanted to be. “Who could I ask about it?”“Your mate.” She tilted her head and looked over another page. “Hey, think Stark would give me a few extra bills if I promise to babysit you? These heels are screaming my name. Imagine my legs as I pop someone’s gut with those points.”“I’m not getting a babysitter.” Steve picked himself up and poked her side.  “And, really, you think I need to talk about this with Tony?”“Uh, yeah.” She popped another bubble. “Why not?”“Well, wouldn’t it be awkward? Having to go through any sort of standard biology and reactions to Heats with your mate seems a bit odd. I’m sure Tony doesn’t want to go over these things with me.”Nat’s calloused and pedicured foot kicked his shoulder. “Don’t start with that. God, you two are so made for each other. It’s like you’re both built on self-hate.”“I don’t think I’m as bad as Tony.” Steve sighed and pushed the intrusive red-nailed foot away. It always hurt him to think of how lowly the Alpha thought of himself. It also hurt him to know when they first met he hadn’t provided the best emotional support to change that view. “You’re just not as obvious.” Natasha rolled to her side. Steve snorted in disbelief. “I still remember to eat and sleep.”Natasha’s eyes rolled up and spoke what sounded like a prayer for strength in Russian. “You men are ridiculous. Look,” she sat up and crossed her legs together and stared. “I can’t really touch you on this subject right now. You’ve been claimed and I won’t broach Tony’s territory when it’s still new. But you’ve gotta know that he cares about you.”“Well, sure.” Steve remembered he had his wet towel on the bed and threw it into the laundry-basket.“Don’t you dare smile about that.”Steve was already grinning. “What?”“Men and making waste-basket shots.” She rolled her eyes. “Please. You’re worse than all of us.”“Worse? I always make the shot so, therefore, never need to gloat about it. Why smile at always being the best.” She twirled some of her red hair. “Back on topic. If you know he cares about you then it shouldn’t be a big deal for him to fill you in.”Steve bit his lip.“Cap, you won’t be bothering him.”“I don’t want him to think I’m stupid or that he took advantage of me.” He rubbed his face. “I wasn’t normal, true, but I wanted what Tony gave me. I know plenty of things about Heats and what can take part.”“Sex.”“Yeah?”Natasha’s lips twitched. “And the other parts?”Steve frowned again. “Other?”“Steve, Heats and Ruts aren’t just for sex. Of course that is a big part of it. But I get Ruts. Why would I get Ruts when sex is not something that is important to me or my body?”Steve blinked. “Oh.”“Right. These things we call gender and bodies don’t always function in simple black and white. Ruts and Heats work the same. These things are personal and emotional. It can be about release but not something sexual. And mating enters in other territories.”“Tony did mention things like aftercare…”“Which should be the most obvious and done every time, but it’s not. Each Heat, Rut, romp, mating…it’s all different for each person and each relationship. You and Tony had sex, right?”“Yeah?”“You’ve mated.”Steve rubbed where his neck and shoulder met. The bite mark was already healing and not nearly as tender as it was before he went into the shower. “Yeah?”“Ok. Now, where do you think things go from here?”Steve opened and closed his mouth. “Back to normal?”“Maybe.”“It might not?”She tilted her head. “I can’t say. I’m not your mate. I can’t I tell you if you will ever want to sleep in your bed again and if not if that’s out of being you with Tony or being an Omega with an Alpha. These are 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Insecure Steve Rogers
Possessive Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Steve's Past
Asexual Character
Asexual Natasha
Sex
Crack
Fluff
Language
Dirty Talk
new relationships
talking it out
Sexual Understandings
Mildly Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

