Work Text:

[1]


Sam cannot believe the amount of bullshit he puts up with just because Steve goddamn Rogers asks him to. It’s that deceptively bashful smile Steve flashes when he doesn’t want anything so that when he actually 

needs

 something and puts on his serious soldier face he can fool you into thinking he’d never ask if it wasn’t important.


Except, well, he’d never ask if it wasn’t important. Which is why Sam agrees to stay with Bucky while Steve goes off to “take care of some things.” Whatever the hell that means. (Sam knows what it means but he’s having a moment here. A moment of pure unadulterated hate for Steve’s blind devotion to an actual former assassin. Sam’s not entirely sold on the ‘former’ part.)


“You know it’s actually a lot roomier back here than it looks,” Bucky says from the backseat of the Volkswagen Beetle. Through the rearview mirror Sam can see that Bucky’s got his back up against the window, right arm slung loosely over the seat. He’s the picture of comfort and Sam is about two seconds away from turning around and punching him in his stupid unshaven face. “How’s the front working out for you?”


Sam can practically feel the 

smug

 radiating off of Bucky but he’s not going to do this. He’s not going to admit that his little petulant tirade insisting that Bucky sit in the back even though the passenger seat was vacant has actually worked out in Bucky’s favor. Which of course it has. Because now that they’ve pulled off the road to try and catch a few zzz’s, Bucky’s got room to stretch out and Sam has a gear shift up his ass.


It’s fine though. Sam’s a soldier. He can sleep anywhere, in any position.


Probably. 


He can’t. He spends the entire night simmering in annoyance listening to Bucky’s soft and even breaths behind him. Every twenty minutes Sam is tempted to “accidentally” make a loud noise just to startle Bucky awake but even Sam’s not that cruel. Peaceful sleep doesn’t come easy for soldiers. He can’t imagine what horrors must live in the Winter Soldier’s mind. Instead he makes a list of all the ways he can annoy Bucky once they’re back on the road.


And then he makes a list of all the ways Steve owes him for this little trip. It’s a long way to Wakanda when there’s no Stark-owned private jet involved.


Sam is 

finally

 starting to drift off when he feels the car rock, startling him into wakefulness. He casts a glance around looking for the source of the disruption, eyes landing on a blurry Bucky Barnes climbing out of the car.


Sam lets his head fall back against the headrest, lolling to the side. He watches Bucky’s retreating form as the guy makes his way to a bush and then takes the world’s longest piss. Sam hopes the metal hand is freezing against Bucky’s dick. It’s the only coherent thought his brain can muster at this hour with this little sleep.


Bucky makes his way back to the car but when he opens the door he doesn’t climb in. Instead he leans down just enough to see Sam and, with what could probably be interpreted as remorse, says, “Suns up.”


Sam doesn’t really think you can classify the sun as being “up” when it’s barely peaking over the horizon and it’s still dark enough that you have to drive with headlights on. He doesn’t say any of that though. What he does do is try to telepathically convey how much he hates everything about what is happening in this moment. 


Bucky clears his throat but he doesn’t look away. He’s just as capable of silent petulance as Sam is. Unfortunately Sam is not at peak antagonism levels at the moment and he’s not sure he can win this stare off. He’s doing his damnedest to swallow a yawn when Bucky sighs and says, “ I’ll drive.”


And even though that’s the only real option at this point, Sam still does his best to be as difficult as possible. “Like hell you will. Do you even have a driver’s license? Where’d you learn to drive? Russia? I’ve seen those Russian dash cams. I am not dying because your geriatric ass can’t respect the rules of the road. It is not my time to go.”


By the time Sam’s climbing out and handing the keys off, Bucky’s wearing a soft smile and shaking his head. Sam doesn’t know what that means. He tries not to dwell on it as the road passing under the Beetle rocks him to sleep.



[2]


Sam regrets every decision he’s ever made in his life. Even that time in first grade when he chose to draw the sun wearing sunglasses. He regrets it all. Because every decision, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant, has led him to this very moment.


“But how can we really know? Just because their brains don’t look like our brains doesn’t mean they’re not capable of the same functions.” Bucky has been yammering on about fish and whether or not they’re capable of higher intelligence for at least twenty minutes now. Sam’s been doing his best to ignore him and feign sleep but 

it’s. not. working

.


“Wilson,” Bucky says. He’s lying on his back on one side of the bed - the single full size bed in the motel S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Sharing a Bed
Sharing Body Heat
Frenemies
Friends to Lovers
frenemies to lovers
Unexpected feelings
unexpected boners
Unexpected Heart Boners
POV Sam Wilson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

