Work Text:
Bucky's gotta give it to the future for this: they've turned casual sex into a goddamn art.
 What is a friend with benefits, he types into Google, and spends the next two hours reading about the distinctions between booty calls and friends with benefits and fuck buddies. It’s extremely informative. He’s gonna put it to good use, like, pretty much immediately.
“Hey,” Bucky says, flopping down on the couch. “Hey Wilson.”
“What,” Sam says, not looking up. Bucky falls silent, leans his head back. Makes himself more comfortable on the couch, elbowing a cushion into place in the small of his back. Drops a juice box into Sam's lap, and Sam raises his eyebrows.
“It's strawberry mango,” Bucky tells him. “I'm going through all the flavors. This one's the best, though.”
“Oh,” Sam says, sounding surprised, maybe a little wary. Regards the box, picks it up, fiddles with the plastic straw. “Thanks, man.”
“No problem,” Bucky says around the straw in his own mouth. “What are you watching?”
“Uh.  Keeping Up With the Kardashians?”
“Is it any good?”
“No, it's fucking terrible,” Sam admits, “you can change the channel if you want.”
“It's cool,” Bucky shrugs, and watches silently for the next five minutes. Sam's right. It is  fucking terrible. He's a little in awe. Why’d Hydra have him assassinate people, they could have just gotten them watching this and self-immolate in distress after half an hour. He reaches over Sam for the remote, switches the channel to something in Spanish. It's still probably terrible, but Bucky likes the way it sounds, at least.
“Seriously? You're making me watch  telenovelas?”
“Whatever,” Bucky mutters. Gives Sam back the remote, since he's so fussy. Sam settles on what seems to be a cooking show. It's okay. It's soothing. They watch quietly, drinking their juice, and Bucky hides a smile when Sam snorts at the amount of seasoning the celebrity chef adds to the onscreen dish. “Hey, Wilson,” he starts again, judging the situation to be peaceful, or at least not outright hostile. Sam sighs.
“What.”
“Are we friends?”
“No,” Sam says. Bucky frowns to himself. This is… problematic. He waits a little before trying his next line of attack.
“Well, are we buddies?”
“No.”
“Come on, we're buddies, right? We fought the kid in the spider outfit, that makes us buddies.”
“You  fell on me off a balcony,” Sam says, but he's smiling a little like he's amused despite himself, and Bucky grins back. “Okay, fine, we're buddies.”
“Okay,” Bucky says. “Cool.” Drinks the last of his juice, the straw making an obnoxiously loud noise in the bottom of the box. “You wanna fuck me?” Sam chokes, has to cough for breath. Stares at Bucky like he's not sure if it's a joke. Bucky stares back.
“You're fucking with me,” Sam says. “You're  fucking with me, Barnes, what the fuck.”
“I'm not,” Bucky shrugs. “We're buddies. You're hot. I haven't had sex since, like, 1944.”  That I remember, he adds internally, because given the last seventy years of Bucky's life any fucking that happened in that time is shit he definitely does not want to remember, and miraculously, his brain plays along. “I just figured, we could fuck, is all. People do that, in the future. I googled.”
“You  googled,” Sam repeats. Sounds a little breathless, a lot shocked. Bucky shrugs, one-shouldered.
“Yeah,” he agrees. “Fuck buddies. Look it up, Wilson, it's a thing.”
“And you're serious,” Sam clarifies. “You really… You really want to fuck me.”
“No,” Bucky corrects him, “I want  you  to fuck  me.”
“Jesus Christ almighty,” Sam mutters to himself, and then appears to make a decision. “Yeah, okay, what the hell. Come here.”
“Oh-” Bucky says, “I thought- you don't want to go to your room?”
“In a minute,” Sam tells him, “if we're gonna do this I want to spend at least ten minutes awkwardly making out with you on the couch first.” And then he pulls Bucky into his lap, hands already sliding up under Bucky's shirt, and this is unexpected, maybe not part of the parameters Bucky had found go along with  fuck buddies as a concept, but if Sam wants to spend some time kissing on him, he's really not complaining.
 
Sam Wilson is a  really good kisser. He starts out tentative, careful little brushes of his mouth against Bucky's, and then deepens it, his tongue dragging over Bucky's lower lip. Bucky sighs into it, presses in closer, and Sam laughs a little like he’s amused. Bucky wants to kiss Sam’s throat, so he does, touches his fingers to Sam’s chin and presses up until Sam tilts his head back. Bucky nuzzles into the curve of Sam’s neck, kisses his throat and his jaw, the tender spot behind his ear, and oh  shit  he smells good, clean cotton and cocoa butter. This was a real great decision on Bucky’s part. He’s feeling  excellent about it.
“Mmmm,” Sam hums, “that feels nice, do that again,” so Bucky does, mouths wetly at Sam’s skin, his Adam’s apple, down to his collarbone. Sam’s got one hand up under Bucky’s shirt, fingers splayed out over the small of his back, and he’s strok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Casual Sex
not really that casual
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Friends With Benefits
bucky barnes has some feelings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

