Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bruce feels as though he’s been traveling for years by the time he trudges into the lobby of the remodeled Stark Tower. He suspects that he could have called Tony at any point and cut the trip short, but he’d stubbornly resisted the urge. Bruce had never intended to take Tony up on his offer, but he desperately needs a place to lie low right now, and while there are those who can tie him to Tony, no one outside the Avengers Initiative has any idea how well they hit it off. That’s why Bruce thinks he might be safe here for a while, as long as he hasn’t been followed. He’s pretty sure he shook his tail. He hopes. The receptionist in the lobby looks up with a smile that slips just a bit when she takes in Bruce’s disheveled hair and wrinkled, travel-stained clothing. “Hello, welcome to Stark Industries,” she says, her tone of voice suggesting that she’s falling back on her training, rather than extending any real welcome. “How can I help you today, sir?” “I’m Dr. Bruce Banner,” he replies. “Here to see Tony Stark.” “Do you have an appointment?” she asks, her smile becoming a little more forced. Bruce shakes his head. “No, but he said to drop by any time, and I should tell you to check the list of guests.” He checks her nametag, and lowers his voice. “Please, Allison.” She nods, still looking uncertain, and her fingers fly over the keyboard. Bruce knows exactly when she sees his name, because her eyes widen, and her smile becomes both more genuine and more uncertain, as though she can’t quite believe that someone like Bruce has full access. Allison points down a hallway leading off the lobby. “Take the elevator at the end of the hall. You’ll be asked to identify yourself, and it will take you up to the Penthouse. I’ll let Mr. Stark know you’re coming.” “Thanks,” Bruce replies, heading down the hall, glancing over his shoulder for any pursuers out of reflex. He seems to be alone, and he’s pretty sure he’ll be able to get on the elevator without anyone following him. The doors slide shut and a disembodied voice says, “Please identify yourself.” Bruce hadn’t been at Stark Tower long the last time he was there, but Tony had introduced him to Jarvis then, and he recognizes the voice. “Hello, Jarvis. It’s Bruce Banner.” “Voiceprint confirmed,” Jarvis says. “Welcome back, Dr. Banner.” “Thanks,” he says. There’s a pause, and Jarvis says, “Mr. Stark will meet you in the Penthouse. He says you should make yourself at home.” The elevator doors open, and he steps out into a lounge area that’s familiar, although slightly changed. Bruce suspects that the Other Guy leaving a Loki-shaped dent has something to do with that, and he winces at the reminder. Bruce wanders over to the bar and is grateful when he finds a bottle of water in the fridge. He’s dehydrated, and more than a little hungry, but water will do for now. Maybe he’ll forage for food later. He collapses on the couch, draining the bottle and pulling out a book that he’d found discarded in the airport. Granted, spy novels aren’t his usual thing, but at least Robert Ludlum tells a good tale. Bruce is just finishing up the novel when Tony strides through the doors. “Bruce! You never call, you never write. Don’t take this the wrong way, but what the hell are you doing here?” “Sorry,” Bruce apologizes automatically. “I’m sorry, I just—” Tony holds up a hand. “Don’t be sorry. I told you to stop by when you were in town. I hope you’re staying for a while.” “I don’t know,” Bruce admits. “I picked up a tail a couple of weeks ago, and I’ve been trying to shake them, but they keep finding me. I thought…” He trails off, realizing how that must sound, like he’s using Tony. He is using Tony, and he’s probably put him at risk, but Tony is his last resort, and if he’s not okay with this— “Hey, what’s mine is yours,” Tony assures him, pouring a drink. “And the security here can’t be beat.” Bruce lets out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding, feeling the tension in his shoulders ease. “Thanks.” Tony waves off his gratitude. “Don’t thank me yet. I plan on putting you to work as long as you’re here.” Bruce smiles. “I’m not sure I’d call it work.” “That’s the benefit of working in Candyland,” Tony agrees, sitting down on the couch next to Bruce. “You hungry? Thirsty?” Bruce’s stomach growls. “Apparently hungry.” “I’ll call for something,” Tony says. “Any preferences?” Bruce shrugs. “Anything, just as long as it’s not moving or moldy.” Tony gives him a sharp look. “How long has it been since you’ve had a decent meal?” “Not that long,” Bruce deflects, knowing that an honest answer will just worry Tony. Tony rolls his eyes. “Which means longer than you want to admit. Jarvis, call Lombardi’s and order a couple of pizzas, will you? My usual.” “Of course, sir,” Jarvis replies smoothly. Bruce chuckles in weary amazement. “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to that.” “Stick around long enough and you might,” Tony responds. “You want to see what I’ve been working on?” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Community: trope_bingo

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

