Chapter 1: Next Time (Steve Rogers)
    


Summary:

You would wait for Steve Rogers a lifetime, if it meant you got to be with him.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve had been gone two weeks. Two long weeks. Two long weeks of you languishing around your apartment, waiting for him to come home to you. Well his apartment.
You had never had the courage to tell him that when he was gone on long missions, you took to sleeping in his apartment, living there basically, assuming you yourself weren’t gone for work.
You and Steve had been ‘going steady’ for almost seven months now. It was a thought that sort of blew your mind. You had met Captain Rogers almost two years ago, when the battle of New York had brought Shield agents and the gang now calling themselves the Avengers closer together.
Shortly after you had gotten up the gumption to ask him out for a cup of coffee, which had all led up to this moment, lying in his bed, waiting in anticipation for his return.
You knew he’d be back soon, he was supposed to be back this evening, and evening had come and gone. The anxiety had started to build, but one well-placed call to Stark tower –you worked for Shield for goodness sake you weren’t about to jump to conclusions- had eased your worries. His flight home with Natasha had experienced weather difficulties, they were behind-
A sound made your ears prick, the opening of the front door. You smiled softly when you heard his soft groan, the sound of his shield hitting the ground. You quickly hopped up out of bed, your previous plan to seduce him flying out the window.
Steve was home!
You bolted out of his bedroom, barely taking a moment to glance him over for major injuries before flinging yourself at him.
“Stevie!” You called, relief evident in your voice as he wrapped his arms around you, pulling you into his broad chest. You weren’t sure why, but every time he returned safely you couldn’t help the prickle of tears in your eyes which were promptly wiped away by his strong hands.
“Hey doll” he sounded so relieved, his hands on your face, pulling you into a soft kiss.
You always marveled at Steve’s kisses, just hard enough, his soft lips sent chills of pleasure down your spine. He pulled away, resting his forehead against yours and you smiled standing on your tiptoes to press your lips to his again.
“I’ve missed you.” Your voice barely a whisper as you led him to his room. He was still in the suit and you knew for a fact that what he needed was a nice hot shower and some sleep.
He quickly undid his helmet, letting it fall to the ground near his bed as you began to help him out of his costume – You hoped he would never find out you called it a costume when he wasn’t around –
You checked him again for injuries, noting, with a frown, that he had several large bruises on his torso and a gash on his left pectoral.
“Steven Grant Rogers, did you come here without stopping at the infirmary?” You asked, secretly thrilled at his eagerness to see you, but also displeased at his lack of care for his health.
He blushed, looking away from you, you could see in his eyes the tiny young man that had never left the large frame of your Captain in the way he disregarded his own safety.
“I figured my best girl could patch me up just as well as any doctor.” He began, knowing just now to wheedle his way into your heart. His hand brushed your cheek as he turned to look at you with his earnest blue eyes. “I needed to see you.” You could feel your own face heat up.
“I’ll forgive you this time, Rogers, but you need to take care of yourself.” You chided, pressing your lips softly on one particularly nasty bruise, being sure to just brush across it so as not to cause pain. He looked at you with an adoration that made your heart flutter.
You two had yet to exchange ‘I love you’s’ although it couldn’t have been more clear to you that you loved him. Every piece of him, especially his heart.
You two also had yet to “get to know one another biblically” as your grandmother would have put it. Hence the lounging in his bed, waiting for his inevitable return in only your underwear and your favorite sleep shirt – imprinted with a picture of his shield, of course -
You were waiting until he felt more comfortable, as long as it took, for both, but that didn’t mean you couldn’t encourage him. You sighed softly, as he cast the suit onto the floor, leaving him in a pair of briefs that were sinfully tight. You looked away, tapping him lightly on the shoulder.
“Let’s disinfect this” You walked over to his bedside table, removing the antiseptic and a cotton ball from the drawer. He followed you, sitting on the bed as you began to clean his wound.
“You know I was injected with a super soldier serum” He began his usual spill as his winced.
“Super Soldiers can still get infections, no matter how quickly they heal.” You smiled at him, your smile widening as he captured your lips with his own, his hands finding t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Natasha Romanov & Reader
T'Challa (Marvel)/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Pietro Maximoff/Reader

freeform: 
Marvel Universe
I will write Smut
I have no shame
I love one shots
Cuddling
Please feel free to make requests
More tags as I progress
Smut
Fluff and Smut
gratuitous use of 1940s lingo
Praise
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
flower shop
Modern AU
Evil! Au
More Sex
Scary palace sex
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
happy birthday steve rogers
Kidnapping
Pregnancy
avengers bonding
Soulmate AU
Hydra
Jealousy
Partying
Drinking
Mildly Dubious Consent
A/B/O
bookstore
Anal
Sex Toys
Light Bondage
Concubinage
Dubious Historical Accuracy
Stockholm Syndrome
gratuitous use of musical references
Elevator Sex
mentions of torture
The Big Reveal

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Natasha Romanov & Reader
T'Challa (Marvel)/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Pietro Maximoff/Reader

