Work Text:
Their fourth date is something of a disaster. Erik normally has the immune system of a particularly tough-skinned alligator, but on Tuesday evening, just when he’s supposed to be meeting Charles Xavier at a restaurant downtown, he’s lying collapsed in his bed, too sick to even move. His head is pounding, his throat hurts, and he’s shivering all over even though he has three blankets heaped up on top of him. Still, he tries to get up, because he really likes this guy, and he thinks that this relationship really might be going somewhere. He hasn’t lasted this long with any other person since he was sixteen and in love with Magda. He’s hoping that at the very least, this thing with Charles won’t end in fire and brimstone like his relationship with Magda had. Of course, if Charles thinks that Erik is standing him up tonight, the fire and brimstone could be a very real possibility. Or, more likely, a calm but disappointed “I’m sorry, Erik, but if I’m not worth your time, then I don’t think I want to continue this,” because he’s not sure if Charles can even get fire-and-brimstone angry. He can actually imagine Charles breaking up with him using those very words. The idea is enough to galvanize him into action. He hauls himself out of bed, staggers to the closet, and grabs blindly at any clothes in reach. This restaurant isn’t supposed to be fancy, so as long as he gets something on, he should be all right. He fumbles into a shirt and jeans and then drags himself over to the mirror to check how bad he looks. It’s awful. His eyes are red-rimmed, his nose is red from sneezing, and his expression is haggard. Charles is going to think he’s been hit by a bus. Charles, who is always dressed impeccably, who never has a hair out of place—Charles would be embarrassed to be seen with a man as disheveled as Erik is at the moment. No, he can’t possibly go like this. He spends five minutes trying to make himself look more presentable, but it’s a hopeless case. When he notices that his vision is blurring a little and he feels a bit lightheaded, he finally surrenders and hunts down his phone. Charles picks up on the first ring. He sounds worried. “Erik? Are you all right? You’re half an hour late.” Erik winces. “I’m sorry, but I don’t think I can make it today.” The worry in Charles’s voice instantly thickens. “You sound terrible. Are you sick? Are you all right?” “Yes, I’m—” He has to pause to cough violently into his sleeve. “—I can’t make it. I’m really sorry for making you wait.” “Don’t be ridiculous,” Charles says. His words muffle as he turns away for a moment, and Erik can hear him calling for the check. “Do you need anything? Medicine? Soup?” Of course he would offer. Charles has got to be the kindest, most empathetic person Erik has ever met. “No, I’m fine. Really. I’ve already taken some Tylenol—”“Tylenol. All right, I’ll be over in twenty minutes. I’m bringing Theraflu and soup.” “No, you don’t have to—”“Nonsense. Don’t move a muscle.” The line goes dead. Erik pulls his phone down to stare at it for a long moment. Then he decides he’s too exhausted to figure out what just happened, so he trudges back to bed and falls face-first into the covers. Exactly twenty minutes later, someone knocks on his door. He moans into his pillow and resolves to ignore it. Then he remembers the phone call, remembers Charles, and nearly breaks his leg untangling himself from the blankets and running for the door. Charles is waiting on the other side, a grocery bag in one hand, an overnight duffel in the other. Erik stares at the latter. “I hope I’m not being presumptuous,” Charles says, apologetic. “I just thought I could keep you some company tonight. Make sure you don't die in your sleep or something like that.” “I’m not that sick,” Erik protests. Charles takes one glance at him and frowns, concern creasing his brow. “You look worse than I thought you would.” How utterly embarrassing. This is not the impression he wants to make on this man who might turn out to be his first long-term boyfriend in…ever. “Sorry,” Erik mutters, well-aware of how much he looks as if he’s a zombie apocalypse survivor—or just a zombie. “I didn’t think…I can clean up a bit if you want…”Charles’s eyes widen. “That wasn’t criticism, Erik. I was just saying. Come along, you look as if you’re about to fall over.” He then proceeds to guide Erik to his own bedroom and push him down into the bed. Erik’s imagined this scenario a dozen times before, but he’s pretty sure it usually involves fewer clothes. Unfortunately, Charles remains fully-dressed as he putters around the room for a long while, picking up some of the engineering journals lying scattered on the carpet, tossing a discarded tie and sock into the hamper in the closet. Erik watches him listlessly. It’s a testament to how tired he is that he barely react every time Charles bends over and gives Erik a terrific view of his ass. He decides to store those images away for later, when he’s not feeling so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Modern AU
Rumor Mill verse
proposal
Early Relationship
Backstory
Theraflu as a plot device
Sickfic

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

