Work Text:
“Yea…Yeah. Uh-huh, sure Pep. Bye. Bye Pepper. Look, I’ll have to talk to you later Potts. Tunnel Alert here. Not ~clrghrgh~ audible! ~clrghrgh~ Later, Potts!” Tony said frustrated, making one last ~clrghrgh~ sound before disconnecting the call and getting out of his Audi R8. 
 
It had been an annoying day; well, not day as that would imply less than the at least fifteen hours Tony had been annoyed. Last evening he had to keep two of his favourite researchers from strangling their stupid research team lead – how the hell did the idiot even end up as the lead; then he had been pestered for his inputs on three other research projects – what was the point of hiring people if he, pretty much, did their work for them. 
Then, he had been herded to Gina’s, a brilliant but extremely vexing designer who spent about half a minute hugging him and saying how glad she was about his return from Afghanistan and then kept berating him and muttering how he was going to make her suits look ‘less than absolutely stunning’ because of his weight loss. 
He had been looking forward to coming home and working on Mark II, but then Dum-E and U accidentally caused a, thankfully, small explosion and an, unfortunately, big mess. And he couldn’t even blame them – much – cause it was kinda his fault too. His two hours nap ended in nightmare and Mark II hit an exasperated snag by five in the morning.
Then he had to get presentable for a meeting with the R&D division heads which began at six – he’d rather be pestered by his engineers and researchers than this. After over two hours of boredom, he managed to give his PA the slip and hightailed it out of his building for a drive. At least one good thing about Obie asking him to stay low was that he didn’t have to attend any Board of Directors meeting.  
 
Tony pocketed his phone – Stark Tech, obviously – and slid on a pair of sunglasses, making his way into the coffee shop that had caught his eye. It was one of those simple start up kind of shops, the kind that sometimes promised better coffees than the brand chains. Another plus point was that it was slightly out of sight so chances of paparazzi would hopefully be less. 
Entering the shop, Tony breathed in and the heavenly smell of warm baked goods and freshly brewed coffee assaulted him making him grin and lifting his mood. He kept his sunglasses on as he made his way to the counter even though the modest number of customers that the shop had attracted were mostly involved in their own world.  
There was a single black haired barista at the counter arranging the buttery croissants. She looked up as Tony approached and flashed him a polite smile, introducing herself as Hadria with a slight British accent making him think of his AI. It also reminded him of his Aunt Peggy and Jarvis. 
“Two cups of anything that will keep me up for, hmm, at least six hours, please,” Tony said with a charming smile. The barista’s eyebrows rose up to her fringe, but she simply said, “Alright. Do you mind if it is sweet? Gives a good kick, mind you. Popular with the customers; but not bitter to taste.” 
“No, I don’t mind. Don’t particularly like black coffee anyway. Just to make sure my assistant doesn’t find me sleeping on the job. ‘So much to do, so little time,’” Tony quoted with a grin. 
“Amen to that; though I’m afraid your order might take a few minutes,” Hadria the barista informed him, her green eyes glinting with amusement behind her glasses. 
“That’s okay. Got a bit of free time, before I’m supposed to be at my office. Also, I’d like to try one of these croissants. Smells good.”  
As the barista moved inside to prepare his coffee, Tony settled at his table, taking his time eating the croissant, slathering it with some fruit jam. It was really good, he decided, planning to get some for Pepper as an appeasement for giving her the slip and hanging up on her. He looked around the small café, noticing that the customers were an odd mix of chatting college students, elder folk reading books or reading the newspaper that they mostly got from the bookshelves against the walls, a couple of tourists and some relaxed office employees going through their phones. 
The atmosphere was warm and relaxing, Tony observed, which was when a kid appeared, making a commotion. 
“I don’t know why you all keep coming here,” the kid said with a serious expression on his face. And, okay, that piqued Tony’s curiosity. It was a boy of about five wearing a purple cap of some cartoon holding a stuffed wolf. Most customers turned to look at him before either rolling their eyes or scoffing and going back to their breakfast. Some gave him indulgent chuckles while others looked at him curiously or with annoyance. 
The kid seemed bothered by the lack of attention but continued, “This morning, when Hadria was mopping the floor, she dropped the coffee powder on the ground then scooped it up and put it back in the tin.” This made several people, Tony included, blanch and give their br
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Teddy Lupin
Teddy Lupin & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Adopted Teddy Lupin
Teddy Lupin is clumsy and balance-challenged
harry is a barista
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Coffee Addict Tony Stark
Iron Man 1
post afghanisthan

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Teddy Lupin
Teddy Lupin & Harry Potter

