Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single gentleman in possession of good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
It is also generally understood that a man in possession of little fortune has better things to do with his time than worry about marriage.
In the wake of their father's early, but hardly unexpected, death, Clint and Barney Barton found themselves in possession of no fortune whatsoever.  Barton Manor was theirs in name only – they had use of the house until the younger brother, Clint Barton, was twenty-one.  On that day, the first of September, the property would pass to their father's cousin.  
No intelligent man would have bet his estate and his children's inheritence in a card game, but then Mr. Harold Barton had been anything but intelligent, especially when he had been drinking.  In slightly more than a year's time, the two men would be homeless.
There were a few protected investments, which, despite repeated attempts, their father had been prevented from gambling away.  There was enough accumulated for the brothers to live comfortably, if modestly, in a smaller home somewhere in the country.  Clint Barton was even looking forward to it.  The younger Mr. Barton had little interest in business, and absolutely none in marriage.  He enjoyed reading, dancing, and bow hunting.  As long as he could rent a small cottage in the country, preferably within riding distance of his long-time friend Natasha Romanov, he was content.
The same could not be said for his elder brother.  Barney already missed his winters in London, the thrill of being in the centre of the world, and the pleasant company that came with being an eligiable, unwed bachelor.  
Still, Clint had thought Barney had at least grown accustomed, if not resigned, to their situation.  He was not prepared, therefore, for Barney to march into their sitting room one Wednesday afternoon in June and declare in a gleeful voice that their financial problems were over.
Clint looked up at his brother with a sigh.  He had been sitting by the window trimming feathers, and had been enjoying his quiet afternoon.  Barney caught his ill humour and laughed, throwing himself down onto the sofa in the sitting room.  The once-elegant, now much-battered, cushions flattened beneath him.  
Clint frowned.  “I shudder to ask.”
Barney grinned.  “As well you should, brother mine.  I shall not blame you for it in the least.”  
Despite himself, Clint smiled back.  It had been weeks since Barney had looked this relaxed.  Clint realized how much of a strain their financial difficulties had put on him, as though the pinch from his pocket book were affecting his complexion.
Barney lifted his hands in mock surrender. “This time, however, I swear you have no need to fear.  The explanation is simple:  Netherfield Park is let at last!”
Clint blinked in confusion.  “Netherfield Park?” 
Barney rolled his eyes and loosened his cravat.  “Yes, brother.  Netherfield Park.  It is the large house near Meryton,” he mocked.  “Upon the hill.”
Clint frowned.  “I know what it is, Barney.  My question is, what does it have to do with us?”
“It has everything to do with us,” his brother explained with a grin, “because it is being let by a young man of large fortune from the north of England.  He came down on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so delighted with it, that he agreed to take possession before midsummer.  Some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of the week.”
Clint frowned and turned  back to his feathers.  “You sound like a gossiping housewife, Barney.  What on earth has this to do with us and, as you persist in calling it, our 'impending financial ruin'?”
Barney shrugged.  “I sound like a housewife because I have been beset by several this morning on my way through Meryton.  Everyone is going mad over this fellow – Banner seems to be his name – and I can see why.  Rumour has it he has four or five thousand a year! What a fine thing for us that he should come to Hertfordshire!”
“A fine thing?”  Clint asked, picking up a feather and sighting along its length.  “I thought I was the only invert in the family.  Do you plan to impersonate the vicar and blackmail the boy into marrying me?” he teased.
Barney rolled his eyes. “My dear brother, do not be obtuse.  Although,” he trailed off, and Clint put down his scissors and glared.  Barney caught his eye and grinned.  “No mind.  I shall only sacrifice your virtue as a last resort.”
Clint shook his head and went back to his arrow.  “You will not sacrificing my virtue at any point, Barney.  The ton will quarter me in Hyde Park if I make a spectacle of myself.”  He trimmed a feather.  “I do not understand why you wish to keep Barton Manor so badly.  Even if we could somehow amass the money, there is no guarantee our father's cousin would relinquish his deed on the house.  We have some money put away – it is not as if we will be homeless for long.”
Barney glared at him.  “It
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Nick Fury/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pride & Prejudice AU
Alternate Universe - Historical
Historical Inaccuracy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Nick Fury/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

