Chapter 1: Between a Rock and a Hard Place
    




Chapter Text
He wasn’t sure how long he had been laying on the cold concrete of the Hydra Base. Suit broken, another mangled thing for him to try and fix. Breathing heavily, tony stark raised his head and took stock of the damage. Not just to the facility itself, but to his own person. His breath was ragged, bruised ribs he assumed, and he had streams of congealed blood running down his face, matting his hair and goatee. He wasn’t exactly sure why he couldn’t just get up. Maybe try to find a way to radio for help. Of course the suit had a tracking device implanted in it, but Tony wasn’t exactly thrilled with the prospect of waiting in the bunker. He didn’t move, though he definitely knew that he should at least try. Looking to where his ex-friend and the murderer made their exit, he could only stare and try to piece together something resembling a thought process. That is, until he heard a rumbling sound, that then turned into a crackling sound, and then manifested itself into the side wall of the adjacent room being blown inward. Covering Tony in Debris.“Fuck,” he let out a yelp. When the dust cleared, he could vaguely make out two shapes. Tall and muscular and dark amidst the dust.“Um, hello?” “Mr. Stark? What a surprise” A voice tinted with a slight German accent began, “and here we thought it would be the other two. Though from the looks of it, they decided to make their getaway already. Oh well. Dog, if you would, I don’t want to dirty my hands so, you know the drill. Take him back to the aircraft, secure for travel, yada yada yada.” The man’s tone was friendly. Far too friendly. Tony recognized it, the nonchalance of his speech belied something far more dangerous than casual tone implied. Before Tony could think, much less create a plan of attack, the man’s companion sprang forward with a preternatural grace. He landed softly in front of tony before removing the black glove on his right hand and slowly extending it towards Tony’s face. He was covered by, or more along the lines of stuffed into, a trench coat and a low brimmed hat.  Before the things grey index finger touched his forehead, Tony wondered how it had cleared the room like that. Well, it wasn’t so important he supposed, as when their flesh met Tony felt himself becoming extremely tired. Slinking back to the ground and closing his eyes.*He was awakened in a slightly less graceful manner. All of a sudden his senses flooded with pain. It felt like he was on fire. Like electricity was being pumped directly into him. When the agony relented, he opened his eyes and saw why. Electricity was actually being pumped into him. Great. He could feel the panic attack beginning already, he focused on breathing deeply, eyes scanning the room wildly. Unfortunately, the only thing he could surmise was that he was restrained to a metal slab, of which tall, dark and obviously not a rip off of Carmen Sandiego had attached a battery of some kind to. “Hey, sweetie, I get that I’m me and everything, but I usually don’t let sparks fly until after the first date.” He stated, mustering up as much casualness through his vocal cords that he could.“Ah, we are up already, are we?” He heard a familiar voice inquire. “And with only a slight incentive. This is very good Mister Stark.” The voice came from above him and sounded as, if not more, cheery than before.“This means we can begin and begin and begin again.” The high pitched voice kept repeating “and again” over and over. Not good, Tony thought, not good at all. “So, do I get to see the lovely face of the person who wanted me all to themselves? I mean, it’s understandable, I’m me, but it seems a bit rude to hide yourself away like this while I’m on full display here.” “Oh my god, my manners!” The voice’s intonation changed to one of a light panic before tony heard light, quick steps approaching around his left side. Tony felt long, thin fingers caress the side of his face and cringed away from the contact. The man’s skin was like ice. Pale blue eyes looked at him as if he were a feast, the gazelingering passed long, disheveled blond hair. “I am ex-professor Samuel, well, we’ll have to leave it at a first name basis.” The man smiled sickly before continuing. “And this,” He gestured to the mass of bulk and clothing, “Is Dog. It isn’t good for much but it has its uses. Don’t you?” The henchman made no recognition of the words being spoken, simply stood there with the positive and negative ends of the battery still in its hand.“And you, are no longer Tony Stark.” The blond finished. Smile growing wider. “And how do you figure that?” Tony asked, “and also, what the hell is your game plan? A ransom or something, get you into one of my bank accounts? Revenge?”“Oh, no no no, Mister Stark. You see, we are, well, Hydra. A different sect of Hydra but Hydra none the less.” The blond moved to Tony’s other side, still talking as the engineer began to pale. “You see, with the recent 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
probably more characters idk
Winter Soldier Tony Stark
Brainwashed Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
eventual stuckony
mentions of stucky - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

