Work Text:
When his phone rings later that afternoon, Tony answers with, “Pepper, I need a million dollars to suppress a sex tape.” And the great thing about having Pepper Potts as his CEO, and not his girlfriend, is that she only has to deal with the business and financial implications of such a statement, and not the personal ones that make her cross her arms over her chest and give him unhappy looks for his past indiscretions. “A sex tape,” Pepper repeats flatly. God, he can just imagine her face. That furious expression used to really get his motor revving. No wonder he drives her crazy. He does it on purpose to get her to make it. “Really? How old are you?” Ouch. Low blow. “By myself, or combined with Mr. Sex Tape?” He doesn’t give her time to respond. “By the way, I won’t be able to make that marketing meeting teleconference tonight. I have a date.” He drags a folder across the virtual desktop and pulls out the schematic for a handheld MRI. Even preoccupied with figuring out how to keep the imaging stable, Tony can’t help but hear the weight of Pepper’s temporary silence. He winces. “A date,” Pepper repeats again. Apparently he’s doing the echo thing today. He should know better than to think he can sneak anything past her. “Yeah, you know, two people—well, usually two people, but I don’t judge—dinner, a movie, sex in the backseat of a car—” “With Mr. Sex Tape?” Really, she doesn’t need to sound so surprised about it. “His name is Steve,” Tony says defensively, conveniently ignoring that he’s the one who used the term first. Hmm, doesn’t he have antishake programming in the latest Starkphone? Maybe he can scavenge that— “Tony!” If Tony’s not much mistaken, Pepper is wearing Exasperation No. 5. “You can’t go on a date with someone who’s extorting you!” Oh, so that’s why she’s pissed. “He’s not extorting me,” Tony says, squinting at the Starkphone’s code. Stupid idea, the camera’s not that powerful and it doesn’t have to be able to identify tumors; he needs something better. He needs Bruce. “The money’s going to AI.” Silence. Fuck, Tony really needs to start censoring his mouth when he’s on the phone with Pepper. “AI,” Pepper says slowly. Whereas her earlier tone used to get him hot, this one makes Tony’s balls try to climb back into his body, and they’re not even dating anymore. “The adult film site.”  Yeah, Pepper thinks he was in a porno. Which he sort of was, but that isn’t the point. “I only went there to talk to Bruce! I need him to consult on the handheld MRI programming.” Only Bruce won’t buy in to Tony’s brand of soul-sucking workaholism (Bruce’s words) because he wants to work on movies. Tony knows AI is just a startup to get the capital for the indie film company Darcy wants to dig her claws into, but does she have to drag Bruce down with her? Anyway, it’s fine now. AI has the capital, which means Bruce has several months free to consult for Tony while they set everything up for primary shooting. “And yet somehow you ended up sexing up Mr. Sex Tape on film?” Tony wants to protest that—“on film” is so late nineties—but he doesn’t have a chance, because Pepper hangs up and that can only mean one thing. He spins to face the door to the workshop as Pepper storms in, looking thunderous yet beautiful as always. Tony says, “Jarvis, you traitor.” Jarvis’s guilty silence says it all. Pepper slams a folder full of soul-destroying paperwork down on the corner of Tony’s workbench. “Please explain to me why you thought it would be a good idea to appear in an adult film with a man you don’t even know.” And Tony could tell her, of course, but he’s always been so much fonder of live demonstrations. He switches the desktop over to the uplink from his phone— Pepper realizes what he’s doing a moment too late. “Oh God, Tony, no, I don’t need to see—” Then she stops short. Tony’s not cruel. He doesn’t have Steve’s permission to go around sharing dirty videos, even if Tony is in them too. What he does have is a nice still of Steve, all five hundred flat square miles of bare chest on display. It’s the filthiest PG-rated picture in the universe. “That’s Mr. Sex Tape?” she asks. “Steve,” Tony corrects. Pepper has been coping with Tony’s outrageous behavior for years, so she has a good handle on the instinctive redhead blush. He counts the distinctive pink wave creeping up the back of her neck as a personal triumph. “And you paid a million dollars to have sex with him.” “That would be prostitution,” he points out. “We didn’t have sex.” That seems to break her of her Steve-induced hypnosis, and she turns to raise an eyebrow at him. “You didn’t have sex.” The for a million dollars hangs in the air, unspoken. Fuck, now Tony has to explain. “He didn’t know who I was! And it was his first”—he stops himself just in time, because no way is he telling Pepper Steve’s a virgin, that’s just asking to be castrated with her nail file and hung up on Stark Tower as a warning to other sleazebag geniuses—“shoot, and he was nervous, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

