Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If you happened to be a nosy person with access to a file containing the complete life story of Darcy Lewis, you would probably assume that the worst thing that had ever happened to her in twenty-eight years of life was the whole fake soulmate thing back in college. That’s if you leave aside getting attacked by dark elves and Asgardian murderbots; both of those things were scarybad, but they hadn’t just happened to her.That’s not the way Darcy sees it, however. Before she goes to work at Stark Tower, whenever she tries to put her finger on the moment that things started going seriously wrong in her life, she always comes back to the Science Tragedy she suffered in high school.Obviously, the soulmate thing was bad. Like, deeply traumatizing and whatever. But it was eight years ago, and she’s mostly over it by now. She never believed in all that destined-by-fate romantic crap anyway. Darcy is a strong independent singleton who don’t need no soulmate, and anyway, what did Disney know about about happily ever after: their theme parks are havens for serial killers, if the internet is to be believed.Anyway, in the really good stories, you always fall in love with your soulmate before you even know they’re your soulmate. And if you’re already in love, who cares whose Words you were born with?*For the longest time, no one knew that, when Darcy was a kid, she wanted to be a scientist. She blames TV for fostering her delusions of grandeur. Between Mr. Wizard and 3-2-1- Contact and that one weird show on her local public access station about time-traveling teenagers, she grew up with the idea that all you needed to break into STEM fields was a healthy curiosity and a plentiful supply of baking soda and aluminum foil. In elementary school, science was all about turning celery sticks blue with food coloring and growing rock crystals from sugar water and building self-contained ecosystems in terrariums. In elementary school, science was accessible. Everything changed in high school, and not for the reasons everyone assumes. Yes, sexism is a problem in math and science classes. Girls aren’t encouraged to do their best. They don’t raise their hands as often as the boys, and when they do, their teachers don’t call on them. That is a real thing and a real problem. It just wasn’t Darcy’s problem. The problem was that her ninth grade bio teacher was one year away from retirement and had basically lost the will to live, much less fight with the school board over the fact that his classroom didn’t have textbooks, or a single functioning microscope. The problem was that her school didn’t even have a chemistry teacher, just a rotating schedule of substitutes who passed out worksheets and didn’t even collect them at the end of class. The problem was that the only other science options at her shitty school were Animal Behavior (“Go home and teach your cat to come running when it hears the can opener.”) and Outdoor Science (“Here’s a hall pass. Go outside, pick some leaves, look ‘em up, try to figure out what kind of tree they came from.”)Before Darcy starts working at Stark Tower, the only person she ever explains the full scope of the Science Tragedy to is Jane, and that’s because Darcy really, really wants that internship. It’s right after the whole fake soulmate debacle, and she’s starting to feel like she’s lost pieces of herself that she’s never going to get back. Maybe, she thinks, it will help if she can just live in the desert for a few months with a couple of astrophysicists, learning cool shit about stars and outer space.Some people would probably say it was tacky of her to turn her interview with Jane into an episode of Sad Backstory Hour just to get a job, but Darcy’s thinking realistically: there is nothing in her coursework or on her resumé that makes her a viable candidate for an internship with an astrophysicist, and the fact is, she doesn’t really have a lot of shame when it comes to pursuing things she wants.Anyway, it totally works. By the end of the interview, Jane’s eyes are huge and misty; she stands up, gives Darcy a tight, awkward hug, and starts teaching her how the equipment works.Darcy never actually intended to make a complete career switch from political science to science-adjacent administrative support, but the thing was, Jane needed her. Jane didn’t seem to realize she needed her; Jane hardly seemed to notice that she was around most of the time. But Darcy didn’t mind that. She liked their relationship. She was more or less alone in the world by that point, her mom having died a few months after Darcy left for college, and besides, Jane’s work was legit changing the world. That was the kind of thing Darcy had always wanted to be a part of; that was why she’d wanted to be a scientist in the first place. So after her internship is over, she finishes up her last nine credits long distance from London, and shortly after she graduates, Jane absentmindedly agrees that Darcy can co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Darcy Lewis
Bruce Banner & Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Past Abuse
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bruce Banner
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Darcy Lewis & science
the whole soulmate thing is actually really complicated
Rare Pairings
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Darcy Lewis
Bruce Banner & Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner

