Work Text:
She ambushes him in the Compound, after he comes back from a meeting with Ross (he is so, so close to get him where he wants him; he just needs to bring Bruce back into the country without that bastard knowing and then they will put him where he belongs), and he is completely drained. He hasn’t had more than one or two hours of sleep at night since he stopped taking the drugs the hospital gave him after…well, after. He spent five weeks in that damn room, hooked up to all kinds of machines and taking all kinds of medicines and yet, his body hurts everywhere. Now, more than two weeks after his release he should be feeling…good, or at least, somewhat better. He isn’t, though, and he suspects he won’t for a long time.  He is taut as a string and alone in the huge building (Mamma Rhodes took Vision and Rhodey out for ice cream, had decided they needed to stop sulking around); so of course, this is the time Natasha decides to show up. How he didn’t think of that before he doesn’t know. Must be the exhaustion he feels every minute since Ultron. He is in the kitchen, with one of his favorites mugs filled with bitter hot coffee on his hand, when he hears her.“Tony.” He jumps like a foot in the air, and the mug that was on his hand ends up shattering on the wall behind her, right where her head was two seconds ago. “Your aim certainly improved.” She states, lifting an eyebrow.“Natasha…?” Asks Tony; clearly surprised. Then his expression clouds over and his eyes spit fire. “I am in no mood to deal with you right now, Romanoff.” His tone is hard, implacable. The redhead obviously didn’t expect the cold reception, if the sudden straightening of her spine is anything to go by. “I’ve just come back from another long and tedious meeting with Ross, as I’m sure you know. Do you want to guess what was it about? Leipzig. The hospital and your escape. As obnoxious as he was, he made me notice something concerning your actions; can you guess what it was?” Tony is tense, glaring at her, not giving an inch.   “Oh, don’t you dare blame me for how this turned out!” The spy yells. It’s noticeable that this affects her as well because she looks as surprised as he is at her outburst; and something vicious curls contentedly in his middle at seeing her reaction. He wants more.“Who else do I have to blame, Natasha!?” Tony yells, so, so angry and so, so hurt. “You knew the truth too, you could have told me any day! You lied to me and the worse thing is that it’s my fault because I actually trusted you! You are made of lies and secrets and I knew that! You betrayed me the first time we met and I yet gave you another chance, and God, that was so, so stupid! Then you lied to me since the moment you asked for my help to rebuild the Avengers and to find Barnes!” He spits out, full of rage. “And then, you made me think you actually had my back in this whole mess, and you let them go. You let them go and Rhodey fell and that was because your stupid crush on Rogers and Barnes!! And fuck, that hurt. Then you have the gall to yell at me about my ego? My ego had nothing to do with this, Romanova. You thought you warned me about watching my back? Bit too late; because you already used it as a damn pincushion!” he is breathing hard, his whole chest is moving with every inhalation. It hurts, because his ribs are still healing. He thinks he can feel his neck burning, as it did when she stabbed him. He sees the flinch that passes her face as he calls her for that name, the name of a murderer; and the burning sensation loosens a bit.“Why didn’t you mention my part on letting them get away in your statement to the press? Why not crucify me too?” Natasha doesn’t want to give up, it seems.“Because the UN still has plans for you. Do you think I didn’t want the world to know that you let them get away and that you are at least half responsible for what happened to Rhodey? Please.” He scoffs. “Despite my objections, even when I warned them that you cannot be trusted; you are still considered a possible and valuable ally. That’s it. In case they demand that you come back to the team; it’s better if the public doesn’t know of you switching sides. For your ‘image’, you see.” Tony sneers at this last part. “It didn’t have anything to do with me; I would have thrown you to the sharks the press is. But because as always I am the one cleaning up the mess, I had to swallow my tongue and do what’s better for the ‘team’.” He smiles bitterly “Like there even is a team anymore. Like I could ever trust you enough to work with you again.”  He can see her opening her mouth to say something; but he can’t handle more lies right now. And ninety percent of the things that come out of her mouth are always lies, because she is incapable of being completely honest and he was a damn idiot for ever believing otherwise.“Tony-” is as far as she gets before he interrupts her. She lost the right to use his name like that, because she sounds like she cares about him.“Get the hell 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Tony-centric
Angst
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Natasha Romanova Broke It Too
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

