Chapter 1: Dinner
    


Notes:
Feel free to go off on me in the comments about my immorality, I probably deserve it tbh

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
There's an alpha in their house.There's never an alpha in their house.But here he is, sitting at their dinner table, like it's the most normal thing in the world.  And smelling of...something, deep and musky, like cedar and pine and bonfires.  Bucky tries to mask how deeply he's breathing to take in the scent as much as he can.  His initial fear was that an alpha's scent would make the house reek for days, but now he hopes it will linger.His dad warned him beforehand, of course, that he was having one of his alpha friends over for dinner.  He's told Bucky so many times that they're unpredictable, but now he assures him that he trusts Mr. Rogers, that he's nothing but kind.  And so far, aside from the smell, he doesn't act any different from Sam's beta or omega friends.  He laughs a little louder, but that ain't a bad thing.There's also the fact that Bucky can't stop staring at him.  Steve Rogers is built like an ox, probably as strong as one too, and the swell of his pecs and biceps are not at all hidden by the v-neck he wears.  Whenever Mr. Rogers catches him looking and meets his eye, it makes his stomach swoop, and his gaze falls to his plate.  Mr. Rogers just gives him a small, knowing smile, like he has any idea the weird shit he's making Bucky feel."Kiddo, tell Mr. Rogers about the book you're writing," his dad says, after he and Steve have finished having the obligatory conversation about their work at the VA.  Sam is a beta, and doesn't have a scent – not that Bucky has ever been able to pick up, anyway.  Mr. Rogers sets down his fork and gives Bucky his full attention almost immediately, like he's suddenly become the most important thing in the room."Uh...i-it's not a book," Bucky manages after a moment of trying to get his thoughts in order.  The way the alpha doesn't look away from him makes is heart pound loud in his ears, but Bucky doesn't make eye contact with him.  He addresses his dad, because talking directly to the alpha is more than he can handle.  "It's a dissertation.  On World War II," he mumbles."Bit young to be writing a dissertation, aren't you?" Mr. Rogers asks, but he sounds impressed rather than patronizing.  He still hasn't picked up his fork, his elbows propped on the table and his chin resting on his folded hands.  Bucky shifts in his chair.  "Is it for a school assignment?""No, sir, I'm homeschooled."  He uses the honorific without thinking about it, and the corner of the alpha's mouth turns up in a small smile.  "I just wanted to write it.  And Dad says it's a good idea to get ahead.""A very good idea," Mr. Rogers agrees.  "You seem like a really bright kid, Bucky.""Thank you, sir," he says politely, proud of himself for not stumbling over his words despite the way the alpha is smiling at him."Bucky, honey, you've got red sauce on your shirt," Sam says quietly, nodding down at Bucky's chest and shattering his pride.  His face heats up instantly, embarrassment flooding through him, amplifying to horror when his dad reaches over with his napkin and tries to wipe away the red stain on his grey t-shirt."Dad, stop, I got it," he hisses, mortified and squirming away from the beta's touch.  Mr. Rogers has gone back to eating his own lasagna, politely pretending he isn't aware of what's going on, and Bucky takes the opportunity to get up from the table.  "I'll go wash it off in the bathroom, it's fine."It takes all of his effort not to look like he's storming out when he leaves the dining room.  He doesn't want to make even more of an ass of himself, not after he's already made it look like he can't eat like a normal person.  This never happens to him, why fucking now, of all times?The privacy of the bathroom is welcome, at least, and a once he's there, Bucky lets out a quiet growl of frustration.  He's an omega, so it's not a proper growl – a puppy growl, his dad calls it, which drives him nuts even if it is a pretty good description.  He wets one of the washcloths on the counter and starts scrubbing furiously at the stain, staring at his own reflection and wishing that his hair would cooperate more, that his muscles were a little more defined.  From outside the closed door, he can hear Sam and Steve talking quietly, someone laughing, the scrape of a chair shifting across the wood floor.He's about to give up and even has his fingers on the door handle, planning to go to his room and change his shirt, when someone else opens the door from the other side. It's Steve, suddenly right in front of him and much, much taller than him, but it's his scent that hits Bucky like a train.  It fills the small space of the bathroom, more intense up close, and there's an undertone to it that he didn't detect earlier.  It makes him dizzy almost instantly."Thought I should come give you a hand,"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
AU
Underage Sex
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Sam Wilson
Omega Bucky Barnes
Age Difference
Bucky is fifteen
Steve and Sam are both thirty-five
Pseudo-Incest
Sam is Bucky's adoptive father
and they fuck
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Drug Use
Drug-Induced Sex
consensual drug use
an alpha's scent has drug-like effects on omegas
and Bucky voluntarily does drugs
Underage Drug Use
Virgin Bucky Barnes
Sex Toys
Daddy Kink
Breeding Kink
Breeding
Mpreg
Puppies
Praise Kink
dub-con due to how a/b/o works
and because Bucky is underage
but no one is ever unwilling or forced to have sex
Choking
Breathplay
Light Feminization
Crossdressing
Power Kink
the Sam/Bucky relationship is a slow burn
Steve/Bucky/Sam endgame

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

