Work Text:
Like most of the things in Tony's life, this is not actually his fault. He doesn't help Loki because he's expecting the god to turn around and do him a favor after. Actually, it's the complete opposite: had he known that Loki had any intention of repaying him, Tony would've very hastily and very thoroughly told Loki just how not necessary that was. Mostly because Loki had proven that he had an extremely twisted sense of humor and you could never be sure what Loki would decide was a suitable reward.But he didn't know, and anyway the truth is that he helps Loki because, in the end, Loki is right about Thanos, and it's only with Loki's help that the Avengers manage to save the world. The team comes together, battles are won, and miraculously no one dies. The guardians sail off in their spaceship, the rest of the team heads back to the facility now that this business with the accords has been (at least temporarily) settled, and Tony returns to New York alone.At that point he's not really sure where Loki went. Thor spends some time bemoaning his brother's absence. In Tony's opinion, it's safe enough to assume that Loki saw his chance for freedom and took it. That's what Tony would've done, and in some ways he and Loki are eerily similar. He doesn't have much time to dwell on it, anyway. The destruction that Thanos caused is basically on par with what would've happened if that bomb had hit New York instead of being redirected through the portal, only on a global scale. It will be decades, if not centuries, before the world recovers. And Tony is right there in the middle of it, tirelessly throwing himself and his money as far as it (and he) will go.It helps a little to have T'Challa there, because Wakanda's innovations in technology are making a huge difference when shared with the world at large, but Tony still feels like he's not doing enough. It'll never be enough. FRIDAY tries to remind him to eat and sleep and take care of himself, but honestly her words fall on deaf ears. Tony very carefully doesn't think about why that is and just pushes himself to work a little bit harder.Until that fateful day, when he startles awake to a flash of familiar green light. He sits up from where he's been leaning over his desk, blinking rapidly, and groans when a headache of epic proportions makes itself known. Oh god. Too much caffeine, or maybe not enough. He drops his head into his hands, rubbing at his forehead."G'way," he croaks, and wow, his mouth tastes like something died in it. "Go visit Thor. I don't have time for you today, Loki.""I'm hurt," Loki says, in that coolly amused tone that means he's anything but. "Yeah, well, I'm sure you'll survive. Fuck, what time is it?" Tony is still half-asleep, and he blames that as the reason for starting, "JARVIS, what time -"Because it's been two years but goddamnit his brain still refuses to accept -"It is just after 3am on Monday the 19th, sir."Tony freezes.It's not Vision. He can tell that much even from just that brief sentence. The voices sound similar, but Vision has this unique way of speaking - like he's not sure of each word and has to consciously think about it. This voice is smooth and practiced from years, though maybe a little rusty from disuse."FRIDAY," he says. Maybe he's dreaming?"Yes boss?""Is - did I -" Tony can't even make himself say it."I am detecting an abnormal rise in your pulse and heart rate," that voice says. "FRIDAY tells me you have not slept in over 60 hours, nor eaten in over 30 hours. That is a new record and one I can't say you should be proud of."Tony can't. He literally can't."I think we broke him," Loki says, amused. "If I'd known this is all it would take to shut you up, I would've done it years ago."That's enough to make Tony look up, though he does so with the intention of yelling at Loki. The words die in his throat when he catches sight of the man beside the god. Height and weight-wise, he looks similar to Vision... but his skin is pale and he's wearing a pressed, dark grey suit and he has light brown hair and blue eyes, and he's looking at Tony with naked concern."Sir," he says. His lips move and that voice comes out and Tony might make a sound like he's dying."I don't like owing people. Consider this repayment for your aid, and us even," Loki says to Tony, and then he disappears.Tony barely hears him. There's a rushing sound in his ears. He might be having a heart attack. It takes all of his concentration to force the name out. "J... JARVIS?""Yes sir. It's me."JARVIS - or Jarvis, really, because he's not Just A Rather Very Intelligent System anymore, he's human, unless this is one hell of a cruel joke - approaches the desk that separates them. Closer up, Tony makes out more of the details: the blue shirt that matches his eyes, the gentle thud of his footsteps, the smell of grease (or wait, maybe that's him).And Jarvis, knowing Tony better than anyone else on the planet, looks him in the eye and says, "You brought me online for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Infinity Wars
emotional breakdowns
Jarvis lives
literally Jarvis lives
Extremis
Loki's magic can do wonderful things
when he's in the right mood for it
tony stark deserves love
and Jarvis is the perfect one to give it to him
Rutting
Frottage
Blow Jobs
Groping
handjobs
First Time
First Kiss
Cuddling
Platonic Bathing
is that even a thing
well it is here
showering together
platonic sleeping together
Sharing a Bed
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Comfort
tony stark is falling apart
Jarvis is putting him back together
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Human Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Android Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
I wouldn't qualify him as an adroid per se
but that's the closest approximation I suppose
Vision Is A Good Bro
JARVIS is a little shit
he's delightfully protective of Tony
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
for once loki does something nice
And it works out
but no spoilers

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

