Work Text:
“Ah, Mr. Rogers!” The smug, nasally voice rang across the room and Steve winced, already dreading this conversation. It’s true that he and Tony attended this event every year to bribe politicians and manipulate the competition but this senator was particularly nasty to deal with, demanding special treatment in return for his work. When Steve had mentioned bringing him in on the roster, Tony had shuddered and said, “Fine, but you deal with him.”Steve turned, plastering on a dangerous smile and steeling himself for this conversation. Tony would furious if he punched someone in the middle of their biggest night of networking. “Senator Hammer.” He said smoothly, acknowledging his presence with a nod. The man stopped in front of him, a cocky smirk on his face.“I have a few demands for this year.” He declared, taking a generous sip of wine. He was already fairly tipsy, if the way he was swaying and the strong scent of alcohol on his breath was anything to go by. Steve raised an eyebrow.“What is it this year?” He spoke calmly, though his fists were clenched behind his back in display of his strong willpower being put to use.“It’s not much this year; this past year has been very generous to me, at least.” Hammer sneered. Steve knew that his words were a reference to the hit that their organization took last month. There was a new police chief and corruption was not something he took lightly; that was why tonight was so important. Renewing these connections would only affirm his and Tony’s hold on the area.Steve grit his teeth as Hammer continued, listing off the four demands or so. All of them were fairly doable until he finished with, “Oh and a night with your Tony.” Steve’s face turned stormy at his words.“What.” He spoke through clenched teeth, every line of his body screaming murderous intent.“Oh didn’t you know? Before you came along, I had the pleasure of tapping that sweet ass.” Hammer leered across the room towards where Tony was speaking to a couple of high profile lawyers. He leaned forward to say with a grin, “Isn’t he just the best at sucking cock?”Steve’s fist came out of nowhere, smacking into the senator’s jaw with a snap and causing him to fall gracelessly to the floor with a thud. Conversations around them halted and Tony was instantly at Steve’s side, asking what had happened in a low voice and sending charming and apologetic smiles to the crowd around them. Steve slung a possessive arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him close and whispering, “Later.” in his ear. Tony side-eyed him but nodded imperceptibly.“Look, you dick-headed mother fucking son of a bitch,” Steve spat at Hammer who had sat up and was pressing a handkerchief to his bleeding nose. “I want you to see this.” He turned and pulled Tony flush against his body, watching Tony’s pupils dilate with anticipation. Steve leaned down to kiss Tony passionately, the tension rising between them quickly. Steve’s knee found its way in between Tony’s legs and Tony ground down shamelessly while Steve swallowed any moans that escaped his mouth.Steve kissed down Tony’s neck and loosened his tie with one hand to pull his collar askew. He began sucking and biting hickeys into Tony’s exposed neck while Tony expressed his happiness with little groans of pleasure. Steve’s hands were firmly planted on his ass, pushing Tony’s very obvious erection against his thigh.A moment later, Steve pulled back, smugly straightening a panting Tony’s collar. There was a shocked silence surrounding them as half of the crowd had averted their eyes and the other half was watching with avid interest. Steve didn’t blame them; Tony was gorgeous with his lips plump and dark from Steve sucking on his bottom lip and his hair mussed attractively. Hammer’s face was practically murderous from his place on the floor. Steve pulled Tony against him again, back to chest until he could reach around and lay a hand over the line of Tony’s hard cock in his pants.“He is mine.” Steve growled over Tony’s shoulder. He knew without looking that Tony was entertained at the public display and sending a self-satisfied grin at the bloody senator getting up from the floor. “You will never lay a hand on him again or I will bash your head in with a bat and present your broken corpse as a prize to my husband.”Tony turned his head to say quietly, “I think we’ve given these people enough of a show tonight, my love. Shall we take this home?” Steve met Tony’s eyes that were smoldering with promise and shuddered almost undetectably.Tony raised his voice and spoke to the entire room, “The Annual Stark-Rogers Gala is concluded. Those of you who need to get in touch with us, you know how.” The ambient noise of people saying goodbyes and heading towards the coat room swirled around them as Tony leaned forward to murmur in Steve’s ear, “You left me hard and desperate, Captain. I think I might have to return the favor” before sauntering off towards the exit.Steve swallowed and followed the enticing sway of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Possessive Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

