Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stephanie straightened her dress and smiled awkwardly down at the businessman in front of her who had been chattering away for what seemed an endless amount of time. She was so bored but she had promised Tasha weeks ago that she wouldn’t “leave her to suffer through this alone and friendless.”Never you mind that Steph was far more interested in being Tasha’s real date than fake-date-savior from these greasy businessmen. But if she had this one night, then she was going to take advantage of it.A few moments later, Tasha’s shrill “I’m uncomfortable with this situation” laugh came floating over the crowd and Steph immediately turned to find Tasha surrounded by men, with a broad, fake smile on her face. More than one of them were inching closer and when a tall man with a self-confident smirk placed his hand firmly on Tasha’s ass, Steph had had Enough.She stalked angrily through the crowd and pushed her way through the men standing between her and Tasha, pulling Tasha close to her with a possessive arm around her waist. She met Tasha’s eyes briefly and pulled her in for a soft but firm kiss. Tasha froze in her arms but then quickly melted, opening her mouth and deepening in the kiss into something passionate and sweet. Tasha pulled away after a moment and without breaking eye contact said, “Excuse me, gentlemen.” and pulled Steph down a hall into a bathroom and locking the door behind them.She turned and pulled Steph in for a messy kiss. “What the hell was that?” Tasha demanded, breaking away for a second. Steph felt her face flush. “He just - I couldn’t -” Tasha was staring with a confused look. “I just don’t like it when other people touch you like they have a right to.” Steph confessed, embarrassed. Tasha stared for a moment longer before breathing, “God, that’s hot.” and throwing herself into Steph’s arms. It wasn’t long before Steph had Tasha sitting on the counter, with her dress pushed up past her hip, kissing her thigh and two fingers buried inside her. Tasha had her head thrown back, short dark hair mussed from where Steph had ran her fingers through it, and was moaning without abandon. Steph could feel herself getting wetter and she leaned forward to lick along where her fingers were thrusting in and out of Tasha’s core, eliciting another groan from Tasha. She ran her tongue up and slowly started to massage Tasha’s clit with the very tip of her tongue. Tasha spread her legs and braced her hands behind her on the counter, arching her back and babbling a string of curse words. Steph added a third finger, stretching Tasha wide and curling her fingertips up to find just the right spot. “F-f-fuck!” Tasha’s toes curled and the heat pooling inside of her unfurled in an explosion of color and ecstasy as she came, crying out Steph’s name and holding onto the counter for dear life. Steph slowed her thrusts, coaxing the aftershocks out of Tasha and occasionally licking a little to see her jerk and try to swat at Steph half-heartedly. “C’mere” Tasha said, holding out a hand. “It’s my turn.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Gratuitous Smut
way too much smut
Shameless Smut
can you tell it's basically just smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Female Tony Stark
Female Steve Rogers
Genderbending
Butt Plugs
Comeplay
Crossdressing Kink
Lingerie
Exhibitionism
Possessive Steve Rogers
Collars
Face-Fucking
Marking
Rimming
Praise Kink
Armor Kink
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

