Work Text:
Tony had had a plan.He'd wanted to help the Parkers by making things easier on them in every way he could. He'd wanted to pay May's hospital bills and he'd intended to involve specialists to get her back on her feet as soon as possible. He'd planned to have Pepper find a lawyer who would make sure that Tony could take care of Peter for the time being. He'd made a note to sort things out with Peter's school for when the summer holidays ended and with the rent for the apartment.Tony had had a plan. He'd even had several contingency plans.But not for this.His hand was still clenched around the cellphone. He felt faint, taking deep breaths to battle the nausea trying to climb up his throat. He couldn't allow for weakness right now. He wasn't the one entitled to that feeling.When Peter entered the kitchen, fresh from a shower with his dark hair still wet and hanging into his forehead limply, he took one look at Tony and stopped abruptly. His eyes narrowed searchingly and his whole body tensed in response to whatever he was seeing. ”What's wrong?”Tony cleared his throat and put his phone on the kitchen counter. “Peter, I need you to sit down for a moment.”Peter stared at him, his dark eyes flitting to the phone and then back, and Tony could see that he understood, could pinpoint the moment Peter knew … and refused to believe it. His jaw set, his hands clenched into fists and he shook his head. ”No.””Peter-””No.” He took a step back when Tony approached. ”Don't!”Tony stopped, breathed, and shook his head. ”Peter … your aunt … I'm sorry.” He cursed himself for the jumbled mess of words and put his hands on his hips, forcing the explanation past his lips that Dr. Manning had given him. “They had her stabilized but she had another stroke and her body was too weak to make it through. They tried to save her, but the damage was … they couldn't get her back.” He felt tears gather and blinked them away. They settled hotly in the corners of his eyes, blurring the edges of his vision. “She died.””When?” Peter asked.”About an hour ago.””Around ...” Peter shook his head. ”Around the time I got sick?”Tony nodded, having made the same connection … it was irrelevant, though. Right now at least. Peter shook it off as well, reality setting in; anger hit first. He heaved a breath and his voice broke when he said, ”I told you I wanted to stay.””Peter-””I said that I wanted to stay with her and you made me leave!”Tony didn't reply to that. It was true and he would do so again. And it wasn't what Peter was really upset about. It was shock talking.”Oh God,” Peter whispered, his face setting into a grimace as he tried not to cry. He raised his hands to push them into his hair, tightening them until the pain made him wince. A sob escaped and he bit his lip, squeezing his eyes shut.It was a silent, frantic grasp for control.Tony watched him take measured breaths, standing as still as a statue, fighting ... and losing when his breathing started to hitch and he became white as a sheet … and he finally asked for help. ”Mr. Stark?”Tony stepped forward and curled his fingers into Peter's sweater, steadying him. “Sit down,” Tony said softly. ”Please sit down.”Peter's knees buckled as if he wanted to obey and sit where he stood, and only Tony's grasp on his sweater kept him from hitting the floor harder than he did. As Tony crouched down to check on him, Peter's hand came up shakily to fist Tony's shirt at the collar … but he didn't pull him closer. He didn't push him away either.He just kept him there as the tears started to fall.***The clouds were hanging low enough to touch the panorama windows of one of the top floors of Avengers Tower, the rain beating against the glass the only sound to be heard in the large open-plan communal area.Pepper didn't come up here often anymore. The Avengers had moved to the new headquarters in Upstate New York after Ultron and Tony had only really started to spend time here again recently, mostly in the lab one floor above them or in his workshop right next to it.Today, though, she found him in the corner that housed the big kitchen, putting together sandwiches. She noticed that he wore his favorite Black Sabbath t-shirt and the washed-out jeans he preferred when he wanted to feel comfortable. It didn't seem to work, though; his dark hair was slightly unkempt and the dimmed kitchen lights emphasized the rings under his eyes. He only shortly caught her gaze in greeting and then gave a tilt of his head towards something behind her, almost as if he'd read the question she was about to ask on her face. Pepper turned, her eyes scanning the couches and armchairs placed into a seating arrangement near the TV, and came up empty. She had to look further to see Peter.He'd chosen a place on the floor in the corner near the bar … a curled up, small figure against the gray of the clouds, his forehead pressed to the window and his blue hoodie jacket wrapped tightly around him, his earphones blaring tinny music. Pep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Grief/Mourning
Language
Character Death
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

