Work Text:
Erik comes awake all at once, and assesses his surroundings.A blindfold covers his eyes, so he uses his other senses. He's shackled spread eagle to a platform of some kind -- maybe a bed? It was soft enough. He hears the faint hum of an A/C unit, and even more faintly, the sounds of traffic. He takes in air through his nose and notes the scents of cleaning supplies, carpet, and flowers. Is he in a hotel room? Erik surreptitiously tests his bonds to see if there's any give."Ah, I see you're awake," says a male voice with a clipped, cultured British accent to his right. And how had Erik missed the sound of him breathing? It's hard to think, drugs his mind hazily supplies. And he's still suffering some of the aftereffects -- his skin feels, tight, hot, itchy.Erik didn't bother wasting time with false bravado or denials -- clearly this person knew exactly who Erik was, if he was so skillfully able to get the drop on him. Best to endure, and wait for a chance to escape."Do you expect me to talk?" asks Erik."No, Mr. Eisenhardt. I expect you to scream," says the voice.Erik keeps his face impassive but inwardly smirks -- it wasn't the first time he'd been tortured and it wouldn't be the last, either, probably, in his line of work. He could endure.Erik hears the shing of metal on metal and notes that his captor appears to be cutting his clothes off. Pity. Erik had liked this suit.Once all of his skin was bared to the cool air, Erik starts idly wondering which of the five basic torture groups his interrogator would start with -- blunt, sharp, hot, cold, or loud.Erik can feel the warmth of his captor standing right next to him. "Are you ready for this? Let's find out."Erik braces himself for the first blow, and, and there is a mouth on his cock, oh my god why is there a mouth on his cock and Erik bucks his hips and yells in surprise."There, there, Mr. Eisenhardt," said the voice, smugly. "I told you I would make you scream."*****Charles is going to enjoy this.He is familiar with the other man's reputation of course, as Eisenhardt (not his real name, but one of his more well-known aliases) was a legend in their line of work. Always saving the day, always catching the bad guy, always getting the girl -- Charles knew he couldn't possibly beat him at his own game, so he'd changed the rules.Charles had known better than to try torture on Eisenhardt. But pleasure seemed to be working quite well -- if the man's shocked reaction when Charles had put his mouth on his cock had been any indication. He is already off-balance, and Charles intends to keep him that way. Not that it was a hardship -- Eisenhardt, is quite frankly, gorgeous.Charles eyes the gag he has on his tray of supplies -- should he put it on the man? -- but decides that no, he wants to hear the man talk, and scream, and moan, and whimper. Instead he takes the cock ring, buckles it around the base of Eisenhardt's cock.Then he gets to work.*****Erik is faintly ... not worried, but perhaps concerned, when his captor starts touching him, warm caresses all over his body. This was a new tactic, and one he hadn't trained against. His captor was clever, credit where credit was due.He's determined not to enjoy, but unfortunately his cock hasn't gotten the memo. He tries meditation, rhythmic breathing, anything to keep from ... reacting, but his tormenter was quite good at varying the speed and pressure of his touches, keeping Erik distracted and off-balance.And then, oh, there was that mouth on his cock again, and this time Erik isn't surprised by it. And while his captor is certainly skilled at giving head, it's not like Erik hasn't had good blowjobs before.*****Charles keeps an eye on his captive's reactions as he fellates him. Body flushed, breathing quickened, but not as much as Charles would like.Time to up the stakes. He pulls off and takes a gulp from the champagne he has chilling in an ice bucket, the cork prepopped so as not to make noise.Then he takes Eisenhardt's cock back into his mouth, let the liquid swirl around in his mouth for a bit, then swallows the champagne around his cock.The man hisses.Score one for Charles.Charles repeats the stunt with ice, and with hot (but not scalding) tea. Satisfactory results each time.Still, best to switch it up.Charles decides to indulge himself, and drapes himself on top of Eisenhardt, enjoying the feel of warm skin against warm skin. He takes an ice cube, traces circles around the man's nipples for a bit.He sucks a hickey into his neck simply because Charles likes the idea of leaving his mark on him. He moves to the other side of his neck, leaves the man with a matched set.Charles slides back down Eisenhardt's body. He slicks up his fingers, then starts fellating him again. Charles tongues his captive's slit, while sliding one finger inside his hole, up to the knuckle.His captive lets out a strangled yelp, writhes in his bonds.
JACKPOT.
*****Erik was in trouble."Well, wasn't that a lovely reaction?" mused his ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Spy
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dubious Consent
Interrogation
Bondage
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Cock Rings
Temperature Play
Topping from the Bottom
Stockholm Syndrome

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

