Work Text:
Kids don’t normally fall out of holes in the sky, not even in New York City, but if they do it is, as Tony’s been informing everyone for the last fifteen minutes, entirely Reed Richards’ fault.“Tony, please,” Steve sighs wearily, tilting his head back against the wall, and pressing the balls of his hands against his forehead. He sounds exhausted, voice raw and hoarse after hours of shouting orders, his suit more rip than fabric at this point, and his soot-smeared hair sticking up in all directions.In short; Cap’s an absolute mess, and Tony swallows back the sharp retort already on the tip of his tongue, shooting him a small, apologetic smile instead.They’re all tired after nearly a full day of fighting Doom’s latest out of control creations, and while ending up in the hospital after a battle isn’t exactly unusual, Tony would bet his entire car collection on none of them having expected to take an impromptu trip to the ER because of a temporally displaced pipsqueak.Tony chances a glance over at James, standing in the corner of the room with his arms crossed over his chest, chewing the inside of his cheek, and staring at the unconscious kid like he’s seeing a ghost. Which, Tony supposes, is kind of what this is. It’s not every day you meet your past-self, after all.They’re not sure how Mini James ended up in the present, or even which Earth he’s from. Reed’s still working on that, so they’ll probably never get to the bottom of it. All they know is that the kid fell out of one of the portals Reed had created in a failed attempt to lure away Doom’s mech-monstrosities of the week, and that, for all intents and purposes, he’s some version of James Buchanan Barnes, approximately age four.The waiting is setting Tony on edge, so in the absence of the phone that had been taken away from him by a very sternly glaring nurse, he picks up the kid’s medical chart, scanning over it again as if he hasn’t already memorised all the nasty details; malnourished, too low body temperature, scrapes, cuts, bruises, and a broken arm courtesy of Tony barely having enough time to snatch him up before he’d hit the ground.“You saved his life,” Steve says softly, the damned guilt-sniffing dog, but Tony’s spared from answering when the kid starts to stir, slowly blinking open huge, confused eyes.James’ breath hitches, and Steve is up on his feet in an instant, lunging towards the bed with a relieved, “Bucky.”Which doesn’t seem to be the ideal approach, going by how the kid flinches back with a scared whimper, nearly ripping the IV out of his hand, the sight of which only makes him panic more as he struggles to get his feet under him.“Careful!” Tony exclaims, stepping closer to steady the wobbling kid by putting a hand on his back.The kid whips around, startled, but visibly relaxes when he spots Tony, even as the frightened tears finally spill over. He hiccups wetly and reaches for Tony, his tiny face scrunching up when all Tony does is blink down at him.It takes him a moment, but then it clicks and Tony asks, somewhat hesitantly, “You want me to pick you up?”Mini James nods frantically, cheeks wet and red from exertion, and Tony’s moving before he really registers what he’s doing, hands hovering awkwardly in front of the kid before he slides them under his arms, carefully lifting him up. Thankfully, the kid knows how this is supposed to work better than Tony does, winding his arms around Tony’s neck, and his legs around Tony’s waist when Tony pulls him against his chest.“Okay, yeah. That’s, uh, that’s good,” Tony says, settling the kid on his hip. He tentatively runs his fingers through the squirt’s hair, encouraged when that earns him a hum, shaky but pleased. “Okay. All right. I’ve got you, it’s okay now. You’re safe, buddy, I promise.”Unsure what to do next, Tony looks up at Steve for help, mouthing a somewhat desperate, “Why me?”Steve’s expression goes from concerned to that mixture of fond and sad Tony’s come to hate because it’s almost always followed by Steve talking about feelings, or emotions. “You caught him, Tony,” he says as he walks closer to them again. “Of course he trusts you.”Tony wisely doesn’t mention that he’s also the one who broke the kid’s arm, sensing that Steve wouldn’t accept that as a reason why Tony’s the last person who should be holding the kid, even if he the thought of setting Mini James down makes Tony’s throat constrict uncomfortably. Instead, he asks, “What do I do now?”“Just keep doing what you’re doing,” Steve suggests, shrugging. He smiles brightly and waves when the kid peeks up at him, just offering his hand this time.The kid seems to have decided Steve’s not so bad after all, latching on to his hand with one of his, and hiding his face against Tony’s throat, still sniffling noisily even as his sobs slowly begin to die down.Instinctively, Tony brushes some of the dirty hair away from Mini James' forehead, pressing a chaste kiss to the fever-hot skin. Steve is bent down, making himself look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Kid Fic
Kid Bucky Barnes
Parenthood
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Bucky Barnes
Time Travel
Jealousy
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Multiverse
Comic Book Science
Misunderstandings
Implied/Referenced Child Neglect
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Developing Relationship
Getting Together
First Kiss
Light Angst
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & James "Bucky" Barnes

