Work Text:
I've gotten too complacent, is what Tony thinks when he's bailed up in a side street. He's become so used to being Iron Man and an Avenger, to battling Doombots and aliens and evil scientists trying to take over the world, that he'd forgotten that sometimes people want to do harm to you, personally, when you've just snuck out of the Tower to get mid-afternoon doughnuts.
But it's not even some big tough guy, it's some little punk with acne and awkward, gangly limbs, and Tony can't resist the reflex to laugh and mock.
“You and whose army?” he asks, before he thinks.
The kid gets mad, and Tony is suddenly very aware of the gun the kid is now holding, especially when it glows a weird purple colour and there's a strong smell of ozone.
“Fucking magic,” Tony says vehemently, and legs it. He doesn't get far.
*
When he first wakes, he's only aware of how much he aches. Not that he ever gets out of a battle in the suit without bruises, but this is an all-over, pervasive hurt, like he's gone on a three day endurance hike then had a bout of the flu on top of that. He's groggy and weak, and it's a struggle to get his eyes pointed in the right direction, let alone focussed.
Pepper's smiling down at him like she's trying not to cry. That can only mean badness.
“'m I dying?” he asks, and his voice sounds all weird. Maybe he is ill.
Pepper shakes her head slowly and smiles a little wider. “No,” she says.
“Good,” he says. “Dying sucks. You get really mad at me when I do that.”
“You're fine. I'm not mad at you,” she reassures him, petting his hand gently.
“Well, now I know you're lying to make me feel better,” he argues. “You're always mad at me for something.”
He drifts back to sleep before he hears her reply.
*
The second time he wakes, he's alone. He's alert enough to sit up a bit, and to check under the blanket for signs of major injury, because his body feels weirdly misshapen, like sneaky SHIELD doctors rummaged around and put everything back slightly out-of-place.
“Um,” he hears himself say aloud, because really, screaming isn't his style, and he's a bit too shocked to think to do it.
“Ah,” Pepper says. She's standing in the doorway with some kind of soy chai thing in her hand; he can smell the spice. “About that.”
“You said I was fine,” he accuses.
“Well, they've run a bunch of tests and you're healthy, physically, and-”
“Fine implies situation normal, Pepper. Nothing about this is normal-”
“- apart from sleeping for about thirty hours, and a slightly elevated heart-rate for a little while -”
“Breasts, Pepper. I have a rack that did not come as standard, and though I haven't checked yet, I can tell that there have been some modifications down in the plumbing department that I really did not ask for-”
“-you're a perfectly healthy woman,” Pepper finishes.
Silence falls, and Pepper hovers, like she's not sure she'd be welcomed closer. Tony heaves a heavy, frustrated sigh, and sees his breasts rise and fall on the edge of his peripheral vision.
“This is bullshit,” he pronounces.
*
He checks himself out, though he's sure that SHIELD's doctors would love to have him around longer to poke and prod at. When he's convincing them to let him go, he's careful to be loud and obnoxious with a heavy side of charming, because he wants to go home, but he doesn't want to antagonise them enough to hate him, just in case he starts growing horns or something and has to come back.
After he has his release papers in hand, he focuses his skills of persuasion on convincing Pepper that as much as she'd like for him to drive home with Happy in the limo, the suit is the best option.
“Sure, by all means, I'll walk out right into the arms of the paps and get labelled as 'mystery woman in Tony Stark's life', and they can all speculate about how knocked up I am. Feel free to spend the next however long putting out the fires from that.”
It's far from subtle, but the frown line between Pepper's brow deepens, and the next time she appears, she's got his suitcase armour. He's already shrugged out of the hospital gown and into the street clothes he'd been wearing before his unpleasant journey into the world of non-consensual body modification. They don't feel as comfortable as he remembered. His t-shirt is tight across his chest, and his boxer briefs in particular are a bit saggy and empty in the front in a way he doesn't care to dwell on.
“We'll have to talk to your stylist,” she says.
“No,” he says.
“We could just-”
“No.”
“But it could be-”
“Not interested.”
“You can't keep wearing those,” she says, and she's sort of right; he at least needs to get a belt or something.
“Just get my new measurements from JARVIS when he bioscans me,” Tony says, and then he's running through a checklist of Things To Do in his mind. Getting JARVIS to recognise him is going to be a number one priority, primarily because everything sensitive is biometrically locked to him, and man, that is going to be a pain in the ass to circumvent.
“If we spin this right, it coul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Dummy & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Genderswap
Magic
Gender Dysphoria
Gender Issues
Gender Related
Body Image
Body Horror
Body Dysphoria
Self-Esteem
Self-Esteem Issues
Trope Subversion/Inversion
Tropes
Community: trope_bingo
Rape/Non-con References
References to Hate Crime
References to Transphobia
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Dummy & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

