Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

‘A lie may take care of the present, but it has no future.’ 

- Unknown
 For a group of fugitives hiding in the same place from the rest of the world, they didn’t really get together often.Oh sure, they shared greetings and fleeting smiles in the stark, sterile hallway, a comment or snark tossed in the air as they passed by each other, but sitting down as a group? Having a meal together? They hadn’t done that since the first time they stepped in Wakanda.Today was different though.Steve stepped into the dining area to see Clint perched on one of the couches’ back, Wanda curled up on said furniture, the both of them idly flicking through the channels on the gigantic screen in front of them. Opposite of them, Scott was sprawling across the lone armchair, his head tilted back in a way that suggested that he was asleep. Sam was by the sink, idly washing several mugs.“Hey Cap.” Several voices chorused, making Steve crack a smile despite his heavy heart.Steve accepted the cup of coffee from Sam, cradling the steaming mug carefully in his hands. The other man handed out drinks to the rest of them, placing Scott’s mug on the table in front of the sleeping man. The Captain meandered over and sat down on the floor, stretching out his legs.“How have you been?” he said, directing the question to the archer and his charge.Clint shrugged, idly flipping a knife in his hand, “Went out, saw things, came back.”Wanda elbowed him, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. “We went sightseeing,” she said, smiling a little, “Wakanda is a really beautiful place.”“Could do without the heat though.” Sam interjected, grinning widely.Clint snorted and pointed the knife at the man, “You got that right. If it wasn’t cause of her,” he nodded to the redhead below him, “I’d stay in this building with wonderful air conditioning the whole day. Y’know, so I don’t die in the heat.”Wanda rolled her eyes, “I can take care of myself Clint,” she said snappishly, “I don’t need a babysitter.”Steve quirked a small grin at that. Whatever he planned to say was interrupted when Natasha strode into the room, a fierce look on her face.“Nat…?”The Black Widow snatched the remote from Wanda’s lap and pressed a button, locking eyes with Steve, “You all need to see this.”Their heads all turned to the screen just in time to see Tony Stark appear. Tony sucked in a breath, trying to get his body the much needed oxygen. He tugged at the tie around his neck, wishing desperately that he could take it off. A hand landed on his shoulder, and he jumped slightly, turning around to meet the worried eyes of his oldest friend.“Are you ready for this?” Rhodey asked quietly.Tony smirked humorlessly, “Always.”He turned back around, trying to calm his racing heart. He sorely wanted to go back into his lab, where the environment was completely under control, but he knew that the world needed the assurance that the heroes that had protected them weren’t about to turn on them because they breathed wrong.Tony sighed. This was one hell of a mess.“Mr Stark?” a woman called out, sticking her head past the curtains, “You’re up.”Tony nodded and gripped Rhodey’s sleeve tightly for a second, soaking in the comfort of having his best friend by his side. Rhodey placed a hand on his back, both a physical and mental support. The genius exhaled and stepped forward, his mask firmly in place.(The rogue Avengers gathered around the screen, Sam shaking Scott awake. The tension tripled in the room, now silent with anticipation.)It was a good thing that Tony was more than used to press conferences, because the amount of cameras flashing in his face would have blinded him if he didn’t know how to avoid them. He flashed a grin and a wave for the reporters and sidled to his seat, sprawling in it with a confidence that he didn’t feel.“You know,” he started conversationally, leaning forward to speak into the mike, “I’m feeling a little jealous that I didn’t get this much attention at the last SI unveiling.”He forced a grin onto his face as the crowd of reporters laughed. He allowed the grin to remain on his face for several more seconds before he let it drop. Inching his chair forward, Tony’s face became serious, and he held up a hand, the laughter dying down.“As you all know,” Tony began, “I’m here today to discuss the future of the Avengers. If you don’t know that, you’re probably in the wrong place.”He waited for the laughter to die down once again.Tony sucked in a deep breath, “I’ve heard the names drifting around, but I’m pretty sure that you all have taken to calling the fallout we had a Civil War. I wouldn’t go so far as to say war, but we had a disagreement. Despite that,” he raised a hand to stall the protests from the crowd, “I’d like to say that the Avengers are still around. We’re fewer in numbers, and we’ve taken a hit, but we’re still the protectors of the world, it’s what we’re here for.”The clamor in the room skyrocketed, and Tony nodded at one o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Not A Fix-It
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
He needs lots of hugs
Rhodey Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
None
