Work Text:

Hold on or let go
The first time Charles meets Detective Erik Lehnsherr of the NYPD, he escapes with a warning about the illegality of using telepathy to trick unsuspecting bodega owners into thinking the person presenting their ID to buy alcohol is over 21.The second time he meets Detective Erik Lehnsherr, NYPD, it's after Captain Moira MacTaggert has installed him in a spare room to fill out endless HR and indemnity forms to begin his consultancy with the Cold and Special Case Division. He catches the edge of determination and impatience, like being grazed with a blunt weapon he's barely dodged, and looks up to see a familiar man plowing through the main office. He's tall and slim, although compared to Charles many people are tall, with power sunk in his bones and spilling over at the edges. Another mutant, Charles thinks, the texture of the man's ability sparking across his cortex. Metallokinetic.The man stops to talk to a cop in uniform. They exchange words that have him looking up and directly at Charles, a frown on his face. Charles frowns right back and, for spite, filches the man's name from his head. Erik Lehnsherr. Lehnsherr's frown deepens to something far more fearsome and he stalks off.Not long after that he receives his first case and his first partner. The former is Siobhan Durham, murdered nearly ten years ago and her death still unsolved; the latter is Lehnsherr, who eyes him with undisguised disdain before demanding to speak to MacTaggert in private.Charles excuses himself from the discussion, going to get some of the rather foul station coffee. It's only a few minutes before Lehnsherr exits the office, his face hardened into a fierce scowl. "You. Kid," Lehnsherr says, pointing at him. "Come with me."He walks away, not waiting to see how Charles reacts. Charles bristles, but he follows him.In the stairwell, door shut behind them, Lehnsherr starts talking. "I don't need a partner," Lehnsherr says, and Charles can clearly hear his thoughts continue on and if I did, it wouldn't be some spoiled brat, playing games with people's lives. He's taking the steps down two at a time, perfectly easily, and he says, "But Moira's convinced you're strong enough to make a difference here. I don't know if I believe her, but her instincts tend to be good. That's why she's the boss. And with a case like this, we need any fucking edge we can get.""I think you'll find my telepathy to be a significant benefit," Charles says, scrambling after him in a way that makes him feel even younger than he is. "It's not just receptive, you know; I can do all sorts of things. If I wanted to, I could make you believe whatever I like. That you were a frog, perhaps."Sounds like that will be wonderfully effective in catching murderers, Lehnsherr thinks sarcastically. He knows Charles is reading his thoughts, Charles realizes, he's doing it fully for Charles to hear. Charles can't help flushing, in anger and embarrassment both. "I assure you, I'm very good at what I do," he says stiffly."Well, this is your opportunity to prove yourself, kid," Lehnsherr says. They reach the bottom of the stairs, and Lehnsherr swings open the door. He glances back at Charles for the first time in the conversation. "Just keep up."As it turns out, Lehnsherr means it in a literal sense as well as a figurative one. His strides are longer than Charles's by a wide margin, and his pace is fast; whenever they walk together, Charles has to half-run just to keep to his pace. It would be a mild irritant, but it's one of many that pile up, one on top of the other.Charles has never had to try to make people like him. He doesn't have friends, as such, but he's always been friendly, in that way that doesn't have to go very deep or very wide. A nice chap, people think about him; a good guy. If they mistake his friendliness for wanting to be friends, it's easy to deflect them. He's used to being charming, but Lehnsherr isn't charmed. Lehnsherr is scornful and impatient and waiting for Charles to somehow earn his keep, make up for the crimes of being too young and too soft-looking and too privileged. There's no point in trying to be that nice boy around Lehnsherr; it's not going to do him any favors. If anything, Charles thinks it would just make Lehnsherr look at him with outright contempt. Fine, then. Charles can meet Lehnsherr at his own level. He doesn't need Lehnsherr to like him, just to work with him, and the only way he's going to earn Lehnsherr's respect, however grudging, is to do his job, and to do it well."So were you bored or something?" Lehnsherr asks one day.They're in the station house, which Charles hates anyway. Almost every mind in it, from the cops and detectives to the suspects to the victims to the witnesses to the people who are dyed-in-the-wool guilty, is fixated on murder or death or loss. It's a stew of filthy satisfaction mixed together with grief and fear, and Charles has been marinating in it for hours while they go through ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Age Difference
Alternate Universe - Detectives
Telepathy
Size Kink
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Introspection

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

