Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Your first meeting with Steve Rogers is not exactly an inauspicious occasion, as you were slowly bleeding out from two shots to your shoulder when you stumbled into him in the lobby of Stark Tower. He turned to apologize and taking one look at your pale, pained face reached out to steady you on your feet.“Are you alright, ma’am?” he asked. He couldn’t see the wounds or the blood; you’d clutched your leather jacket around yourself and the black fabric of your jeans hid the constant flow fairly well. You were shivering as you spoke. “No, I’m fine, thanks,” you said quickly. “I just… need to get to the elevator, if you could…”By then he knew for certain you were injured and kept his arm around you to steady you on your feet; you couldn’t help the way you shifted your weight against him, feeling too heavy on your own feet as you tried to make it to safety.“I think we need to get you to a hospital,” he responded.“We can’t do that, Steve,” a new voice interrupted, and you smiled gratefully to see Natasha walk up behind him. She took one look at you and quickly stepped beside you, to offer support to keep you standing. “We need to get her upstairs. Now.”You took maybe two steps towards the elevator before your knees began to buckle; the last thing you recalled before  you fell into the haze of unconsciousness was being swept up into a pair of strong, solid arms. You woke to the scent of of antiseptic, something cool and clean like alcohol or iodine. There was a soft hum and thrum of machinery in the air, and you had a feeling of lightness with only an inkling of pain that seemed far off and dull. Your eyes felt heavy, too heavy to open, but you could hear voices around you and you were content to listen for a while.“... it’s one thing to get stitched up, but this was basically surgery,” a male voice spoke. The heady timbre was familiar but not; you let the words drift through your mind for a moment, trying to remember.“Good point,” a female voice responded. “You should bring it up to Tony. He’ll have an operating suite installed.” The was humor there, a hint of sarcasm. You knew that voice immediately: Natasha.“You know that’s not what I meant,” the male voice responded, and you remembered. Tall. Blonde. Built solid and strong; he hadn’t seemed even to break a sweat when he swept you into his arms. “Why couldn’t we just get her to a hospital?”“I don’t have insurance,” you spoke up dryly, voice rough and throat sore. You opened your eyes to see your old friend and her studly companion looking back at you in surprise. You squinted, the lights above you a bit bright for you after having been out for the count for so long.Natasha shook her head, the faintest impression of a smirk on her lips. “Why is it you always show up bleeding?” she asked. You grinned, perhaps a little too wide, thanks to the drugs steadily pumping into your system through the IV in your hand.“I suppose the splash of red always calls to mind my sweet kotyonok,” you respond, and Natasha huffed a rare low laugh. The man at her side looked surprised, if not a little puzzled by the exchange.“How are you feeling, ma’am?” he asked, face all drawn and serious.“Better than when I came in. Thanks for the lift, by the way,” you told him, and gripped the bed’s guardrails in an attempt to sit up with a groan.“No, wait…!” he began, words crossing midstream with Natasha sharply saying your name to stop you. It does give you pause and you let go, leaning back into the mattress; you’d barely managed to move yourself an inch or two anyway before your injured shoulder began screaming. The tearing pain in your hand at the same movement drew to your attention the IV there, taped in place. “Just lie still,” the man advised. “The doctors want you to keep that shoulder immobilized for a while. The bullets did a lot more damage than they initially thought.”You sighed and scrubbed the hand of your uninjured arm over your face. “How bad are we talking? Nat? How long am I sidelined?”The redhead stepped closer and gripped a hand on the side-rail of the bed. “The first one was through-and-through, but the second stuck,” she told you. “Soft tissue and joint damage. A few weeks in a sling and then some therapy. A couple of months, minimal.”You groaned. “Damn it!” you said, eyes squeezed shut and head lolling on the flattened pillow. “This sucks.”Natasha seemed to suppress a small smile. “At least we’ll have a nice long visit.”“Hell yeah we will!” a new voice interrupted, and you peeked your eyes open to see a familiar face sidle up to the foot of your bed. He reached out and squeezed your toes beneath the soft hospital-issue blanket they had you wrapped in. “Hey, kiddo.”You snorted. “Clint, you’re not all that much older than me.”“But I am older,” he pointed out, and waggled a finger in your direction. “Respect your elders. So respect the hell outta Cap, there, cos he’s older than everybody’s granny, and then some.”You rolled your head on the pillow a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Reader
Clint Barton & Reader
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pop Culture
Slow Burn
Opposites Attract
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Reader-Insert
Female Friendship
POV Female Character
Thief
Burglary
Angst
Fluff
Mild Angst
Plot
Case Fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Reader
Clint Barton & Reader
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

