Work Text:
"He's a virgin."Steve balked, his throat releasing a horribly pained sound that could have been mistaken for either a cat choking on a hairball or one of Natasha's victims as they strained to breathe in their last few puffs of air. Seeing as how she was his date for the evening, he identified more with the victim."I'm not-" He hissed, his words broken by the petite girl with a pixie haircut and big brown eyes at the coat-check counter of this "club" Nat had tricked him into visiting with her. Brown Eyes fumbled with a white scarf, trying and failing to tie it around Steve's bicep. Chuckling nervously, she reached for another scarf, knotting them together so they would fit around his arm. His white badge of shame. "I'm not a virgin," he murmured, more to Brown Eyes than Natasha. The girl avoided his gaze, curtsying to them both before returning to her post.Natasha rolled her eyes, sashaying towards the elevator at the end of the hall. "You are one here, Rogers.""Is this like my scarlet letter?" Steve fingered the scarves, sliding them lower so they could possibly be hidden by the sleeve of his t-shirt. "It's more subtle than a glowing halo, I'll give you that." Natasha smirked silently on their elevator ride down. Oddly, that was the only direction this elevator could go. Steve hoped to hell he'd be able to escape whatever waited for him in this dungeon if need be. Not that he didn't trust her, but....it was Natasha after all.The doors opened, revealing nothing but darkness. Even with Steve's perfect eyesight he struggled for a moment, following blindly behind his friend as she stepped into what turned out to be an actual fucking dungeon. "Ribbons signify your status or preferences in this type of environment," she explained coolly. He latched onto her husky voice, letting it lead him toward the light up ahead. "White means you're a noob. You'll be left alone tonight, most likely. There are other colors - red, blue, black, brown, you get the picture."What in the hell had he gotten himself into? "So blue is..." "Means you're in to edge play."Thanks to his curiosity and the wonderful invention called the internet, Steve actually knew what "edge play" meant. Being Captain America didn't make him a prude, and he'd had a shit ton of catching up to do on all things sex related. But now he knew what kind of club she'd brought him to, and he had the sudden urge to strangle her. Apparently if she'd worn a blue scarf it would have been considered socially acceptable, if not pleasurable. With each step the pound of the music grew louder, rattling his nerves even more than they already were. A crowd of people were visible now, and he was close enough to view more tits and ass than he'd seen in his one hundred year life span. Nat remained unfazed, holding her head high and confident. Steve shouted over the noise, trying not to gape at a heavyset man wearing a diaper. "They didn't have places like this when I was growing up!" She smiled innocently. "Places like what?" "Sex clubs." "Ah." Nat weaved them through the crowd towards another elevator, stepping over a naked man with welts on his back resting on the floor as if it were his couch. "This isn't your average sex club." "Noticed." Steve avoided eye contact, nervously shoving his hands in his pockets. "We shouldn't be here. What if someone recognizes us?" "That won't be a problem." She pointed to a man tied spread eagle to a St. Andrews cross (Steve really shouldn't know what that is, and he's definitely not going to let on that he does). "Do you recognize him?" "There are very few people I recognize only by their bare asses," he answered dryly. "You should, he shows it off every time he opens his mouth," she said, smiling at her own joke. "That's the governor of New York. He's been a very bad boy, it seems.""Jesus," Steve whispered, staring in shock as she pointed out a plethora of famous and infamous people in the sea of sexual promiscuity. "This is a safe place, Steve." A place where a man is literally being caned? Okay. "There are spoken rules and unspoken rules. One of the unspokens is that everyone's identity is safe and respected." They approached a large man in nothing but leather shorts and a thick black collar guarding the second elevator. Natasha slapped him hard across the face and he smiled, stepping aside to let her pass. Steve gulped. Just when he thought he'd started to figure this woman out, she goes and pulls this shit on him. The upper loft of the club appeared at first glance to be tamer than the sex pit below. A bar lined one side wall, but wasn't the main focus of the floor. This was where the patrons came to, Steve guessed, fellowship with their own kind. Tables filled a large part of the room, but only half of the people were actually seated in the simple black chairs; the other half resided on the floor, at the feet of their...well, Steve didn't know the exact terms to define these types of relationships. "You're handling this better 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Light BDSM
Safe Sane and Consensual
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is a grumpy dom
Bucky Barnes is a little shit
Sex Club
Butt Plugs
Hand Jobs
Anal Sex
Flogging
Biting
Hair-pulling
Masturbation
Reference to unprepared anal sex
Oral Sex
Restraints
Aggressively bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Straight Sam Wilson
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Canon Compliant
Porn With Plot
Griffin Fiske
Michael Dimir
Face Slapping
non-sexual choking
Natasha Romanoff is a part-time dominatrix
Sam Wilson is the actual Best

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

