Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text

Beginning of the Fall Semester, 2015. Tuesday. Cambridge, MA.
Tony got out of the car and immediately regretted it. There were children  everywhere. Shrieks filled the air as the children ran around, chasing each other in what appeared to be some sort of elaborate game with minimal rules. They were loud, surprisingly fast for humans that were about three feet tall, and Tony thought that they all looked vaguely… sticky. Tony Stark was good at a lot of things (like engineering, excelling in school without really trying, and being the life of a party), but he was definitely not good at children.A heavy weight crashing into his legs and jerked Tony out of his reverie. Tony looked down and realized with a sort of vague panic that one of the children had actually run straight into him. Said child was now blinking up at Tony with very wide eyes. Oh shit. It wasn’t going to cry, was it?“Are you playing?” asked the boy - because closer inspection revealed that the child in question was in fact male.“Um, no?” Tony responded. Because “no” pretty much summed up all of his feelings about his current situation.The boy seemed to consider this before smiling sweetly up at Tony. “Well, now you are!” he yelled and to Tony’s abject horror, slapped Tony’s leg with his hands, both of which were inexplicably covered in mud, before throwing his head back, cackling (like a clichéd supervillain), and running away as fast as his chubby little legs would take him.Tony gaped and looked down at his formerly pristine pants, which were now decorated with tiny muddy hand prints. Tony knew he shouldn’t have worn a suit to this. Trying to make a good first impression was not worth the sacrifice of his lucky suit (literally “lucky” because Tony had a habit of getting lucky whenever he wore it). Clearly, these children were uncivilized monsters.Tony couldn’t be expected to work under these conditions, it would be inhumane. He reached down and tried to wipe away some of the mud, but only succeeded in spreading it across more of his pants.  Well fuck.  Okay, Tony officially had had enough. Surely Howard would be able to think up some other appropriate punishment for Tony.  Anything had to be better than this hell.-------
Tony recalls what happened earlier that week. 
Tony sat slumped in a chair in front of his father’s desk, head pounding. Later, when he thought back to this meeting, Tony would blame most of what happened on the fact that he had shown up hungover, brain not fully functioning. But at the moment, Tony sat in front of an extremely unimpressed Howard Stark and his first and only priority was finishing this conversation as quickly as possible so he could go back to his apartment and most importantly, go the fuck back to sleep.Tony hadn’t even known that his father was in town - at Stark Industries’ Boston branch - until the call from his father’s secretary had dragged him out of bed about an hour ago. Apparently, Tony had been expected to report to SI at his “earliest convenience” which was actually Howard Stark-code for “right fucking now.” So even though Tony hadn’t showered (and probably still smelled like smoke, sweat, alcohol and clubbing), had only gone to bed a few hours ago, and was honestly, probably still been a little drunk from his night out, he had promptly jumped in a cab and hightailed it over to SI. Howard had taken one look at him and his mouth had twisted into a displeased frown. And then silence had descended.So done with said disappointed silence, Tony sighed and asked, “So not that this isn’t fun dad, but is there any specific reason you needed to see me at this excessively early hour?”“It’s 10 am,” Howard pointed out.“Like I said, unreasonably early,” Tony replied, enjoying the way Howard’s jaw clenched.“I’ve come to discuss your recent public… behavior.” Of course. Tony should have known that the only thing that would prompt an unexpected cross-country trip from Howard would be concern about Tony’s - and consequently Stark Industries’ - image.When Tony remained silent, Howard continued. “The partying, the drinking, your-” Howard paused, an expression of distaste flickering across his face before continuing, “-many, many conquests, and the articles published. It reflects badly on you and on the company. I simply won’t allow it to go on any longer.” Howard glared at Tony, “And I won’t even begin to mention the pictures.”“Dad, I’m 18,” Tony protested. He was young, rich, famous, and attractive. Tony was practically  required  to be a partying playboy. Hell, that’s what most of his friends and acquaintances wanted out of him - for Tony to show them a good time. And plus, partying and drinking and fucking around was - easier. Easier than what? Tony didn’t exactly know. Easier, maybe, than trying to find something or someone worthwhile to spend his time on. Easier than caring about anything besides feeling good and free in the moment.Howard gave Tony a cold look, “No, you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Secret Relationship
Pining
Misunderstandings
oblivious everyone
Friends with Benefits (kind of?)
Slow Build?
Explicit Sexual Content (Chap. 6 and onwards)
A ridiculous amount of tropes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

