Work Text:
Tony smiled as he looked down on his handy work; the arrow was sleek and beautiful. He had finally gotten the balance and release mechanism right on the tranq arrow and Tony was confident the finished product could take down the Hulk even though Clint probably didn’t need to do that, Hulk liked Cupid. Tony was sure it was because the archer refused to be afraid of the big guy and had even asked to ride on his shoulders in one memorable fight. 
Tony brought himself out of his thoughts and grabbed the arrow before heading off the find Clint and have him test the arrow. “JARVIS, where is Katniss hiding?” 
JARVIS hummed and answered back in a tone suggesting he disapproved of the nickname, “Agent Barton is currently in the common floor living room with Agent Coulson.” 
Tony frowned, “You didn’t tell me Agent was here.” 
JARVIS replied quickly, “Sir, Agent Coulson did not wish me to disturb you as he is here for a private meeting with Agent Barton.” 
Tony’s eyebrow went up as he entered the elevator, “Private meeting huh?” 
As the elevator slowed to a stop JARVIS remarked, “Sir, I think it is unwise to interrupt Agents Barton and Coulson at this time.” Tony waved a dismissive hand in the direction of the elevators camera as he exited and walked the short hall to the living room. He stopped abruptly in the doorway, not expecting the sight of the two SHIELD agents making out on the couch like teenagers. Tony’s mouth dropped open and he shouted, “OH MY GOD!” Clint and Phil’s heads turned to look at Tony, neither man seemed phased by Tony’s outburst. 
The room was silent before Phil cleared his throat, “Did you need something Stark?”  
Tony shook his head, “No, no. Carry on. Legolas, you better be good to Agent, he deals with paper work and I hate paperwork.” His words were light but his tone serious, Tony had missed the suit wearing agent when they had thought he was dead. Before Clint or Phil could reply, Tony turned and left the room, missing the glint of metal on Phil’s left hand that had been draped over the back of the couch. 
Tony smiled as he headed back to the elevator, “JARVIS, can you send the video of that make out session to everyone’s tablets? Thanks.” 
JARVIS hesitated before replying, “Sir I do not think that is wise…” 
Tony cut his AI off as he returned to his workshop floor, “Nonsense, I can’t be the only one that knows, we deserve to see a little romance in progress, even if it is Coulson and Barton… man I can dig out a bunch of cool Cupid jokes now.” 
JARVIS whirred mechanically in what Tony could only describe as a sigh before stating, “The video has been sent to the Avengers’ tablets as well as Ms. Potts’.” 
Tony scowls at the AI’s obvious disapproval of the action before bring out his Stark phone and conference calling the Avengers, and Pepper. There was a chorus of annoyed ‘hellos’ before Tony spoke, the excitement evident in his voice, “Did you all get the video I sent?” 
Tony listened to the shuffling from the others for a moment before Pepper’s voice came over the line, “Tony, it’s nice that you are happy for them, but you shouldn’t get involved with their personal business. I’m pretty sure we’ve had this conversation before.” 
Tony huffed, “I just thought I’d give them a hand, get the big reveal over with.” 
Bruce sighed, “Thank you for letting me know.” and hung up. 
Thor crowed into his phone, “It is a glorious occasion that the Son of Coul and the Hawk-eyed one now share a warrior bond. We must feast in celebration; I must go in search of appropriate sustenance.” 
Thor left the call as Steve sighed, “Tony, it wasn’t your place to tell everyone and as soon as I talk with them, I’m having a talk with you about respecting the personal boundaries of your team members.”  
Natasha simply growled, “Stark get off the phone and get your own life.” Tony bit back an unmanly yelp and hung up, leaving Pepper and Natasha on the line. 
After a moment of silence Pepper spoke up, “Natasha, tell me I wasn’t the only one who found that video extremely hot.” 
Pepper could almost hear the non-existent smile in Natasha’s reply, “Trust me, you weren’t the only one.”
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Steve hesitates at Clint’s door, unsure if it would be a good time to talk to the archer. Before Steve can raise his hand to knock, the door opens and Clint calls out, “Come on in Cap.” Steve is startled for a moment before he realizes JARVIS probably alerted Clint to his presence. Steve walks into the room, unsurprised by the sparse nature of the living quarters; Clint hadn’t struck him as overly concerned with personal possessions. After all, when he moved into the Tower he showed up with only the clothes on his back, his field uniform and his bow. Steve shook himself out of his thoughts and turned to see Clint and Phil lounging on the bed and a movie paused on the screen on the wall. 
Steve cleared his throat and addressed the two men, “Clint. Agent Coulson.” 
Phil’s lips curved in a small smile, “Please Captain, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Hulk

freeform: 
SHIELD Husbands
Secret Marriage
Insecurity
everyone is kind of a dick
they aren't dicks on purpose
Except Tony
Thor doen't understand Midgardian colloquialisms
Bruce is akward
Jarvis Is A Bro
BAMF Phil Coulson
Clint Needs a Hug
Clint Feels

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Hulk

