Work Text:
Today is the Nation’s birthday.4th of July.The birthday of a man who was once called Captain America.His ex-lover.His ex-leader.A traitor.A fugitive.A goddamn liar.The thing is; he won’t stop calling. The fucking flip phone has been ringing the whole day. Every hour, like clockwork, which had eased Tony’s concern about Rogers calling for a legitimate reason, an emergency or something.  Then finally, at 11:50 pm, Tony answers. He has no idea why he does it, but he does it anyway.“Should I be wishing you a happy birthday, Rogers?” He starts, dry as sand.“Tony, you answered.” Rogers sighs, sounding relieved and happy. “Yeah, about that, I don’t know why I did it; so I’m just gonna hang up now…”“No, wait!” Yells the blond, interrupting before Tony can end the call “Let’s talk for a while, okay? I’ve missed you voice.” He says it the way he used to, when he was away on a mission and they couldn’t see each other. Tony feels the urge to punch him in the face, just then.“Well, you could have stayed and faced the consequences of your actions, like the good man you pretend to be; but you run away with your Bucky, so…” At first, Tony tries saying it like a joke, but he can’t keep it up, so he settles for saying it with the heaviest sarcasm he can muster in one sentence.“You know it wasn’t like that Tony.” Rogers sighs.“Really? Refresh my memory, then. Did you or did you not left me to die in an isolated HYDRA base in the middle of fucking nowhere to escape with your first love?” Tony asks rhetorically; full of scorn.“Tony-” Rogers starts.“Did you or did you not blame me for the Raft incarceration, even though you dragged in Clint, Wanda and Scott, who were safe and removed from our problems; because you needed more pawns to sacrifice? Even though that was Ross, and even though I allowed you to break them out?” He carries on.“Listen, Ton-” The blond tries again.“Did you or did you not ignore my words at the Airport, and make our family fight each other, tearing us apart and breaking any trust between us?” He chokes out, brown eyes a bit shiny.“Please-”“Did you or did you not spit in my face when I practically sold my soul to get the UN to agree to give Barnes a second chance; because you couldn’t bother to see beyond your righteousness?” Tony spits out the last word, like it disgusts him.There is only silence for about a minute, and Tony is about to hang up, when Rogers talks again.“I’ve missed you so much, honey” he starts, completely disregarding everything the brunet said. “I know you don’t believe me, but I do. I miss your smile,-”“What-”“I miss the warmth of you next to me at night-”“Rog-” Now it’s the blond the one that won’t shut up.“I miss those big doe eyes and how they shone for me-”“Rogers-”“I miss the way you called my name when you were about to-”“Steve!” Tony yells. Tony is losing it. He can sense the way his heart still accelerates for that bastard. He wants to believe this so, so much; believe that Steve misses him as much as he misses the blond. He can feel as his heart starts to ache at the anguish in those words. “Don’t you dare say those things to me. You are the one who ruined everything, the one who left me behind. You showed me and the world that our relationship was meant next to nothing to you.” But he is not ready to feel sympathy towards the blond; right now he can only focus on his own pain and the vicious need of making Steve suffer.“That’s not true! Believe me, I love you. I’d give my life to hear you say you love me again.”“I don’t care! I am done believing you!” Screams the brunet, almost out of breath.Silence sets in once again; but not for long.“It’s still my birthday, Tony, isn’t it?” Asks the blond. Tony looks at his watch; it’s 11:59 pm.“…Yes.” He answers, reluctantly.“Then let me have a wish.” The blond’s voice is full of hope. He is sure Steve will ask something heart wrenching in that voice of his that makes everyone wants to please him. “You got your wish. And it was him.” He ends the call.But Tony is way past the stage of falling for Rogers’ tricks.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Angst
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt (?) Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Steve Rogers broke it

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

