Work Text:
Tony and Natasha are hanging out. 
For once, they are not dancing around each other and they were giving this whole 'trust' thing a try again with each other. 
However, as Tony pointed out, he never lied to her, and, really, she should be gaining his trust back, but that was as it was. 
The fact that, before they were only being civil (and barely that) to each other when the others were around, and alone they either ignored each other or went at each other's throats, the fact they were sitting quietly in the kitchen (at first) was a huge step up.
The fact that, now, they were having a conversation about the stupidity of some villain is even better. Somehow, someway, they were getting along and Tony actually laughed at something Natasha said when the lights flickered and JARVIS gave a warning before he shut down, an emergency protocol to preserve his memory kicking into gear. 
Natasha was immediately standing, dual wielding two pistols and Tony cursed, silently, that he had put his own guns he usually had hidden around up, as his Tower was being invaded by people who would freak if they reached for the cereal and touched a gun.(Especially Bruce. Tony may have just put them up to keep them away from Bruce. And not because he was scared or anything. No, not at all. That would imply that he cared and he was Tony Stark, and he did not care about people.)"Stark, can you bring up a blueprint?" she asked.
"I got one better. We need to head down the right hallway and get into the eighth door on the left," he stated.
"Why?" she asked.
"Defensable, no windows," Tony answered. She nodded and took point.
Tony let her, considering his entire weapon arsenal was composed of his robe, which really wasn't his, just one that he snatched up the other day where it had been abandoned and whatever might possibly be in the pockets.
It was big on him (unsurprising to him; he and Natasha are the smallest members of the team, in both muscle mass and height), so he had to tie the robe tightly around his waist.
And, since it wasn't his robe (which was in his room), he wasn't carrying his Stark Taser, which he was going to rename the Lewis Special and gift to Darcy (with 15% of the proceeds going to her as well) in the left pocket.
Thinking about how he found it in the Tower, he reached into the pockets hoping to find something and found a...satsuma? "Seriously, who does that?" he questioned, and Natasha hissed at him to be quiet, slamming her arm into his chest to knock him against the wall as they glanced around the corner.
He sighed softly and turned the satsuma around in his hand before pocketing it again.
One never turned down a possible weapon, even if it was a satsuma.
What could he use a satsuma for?
He was rather proud of himself for not squeaking like a fangirl when he was yanked out from hiding and practically being dragged down the hallway by the ex-Russian, not so ex-spy/assassin.
Tony didn't have time to warn her when they were suddenly surrounded, the men who had infiltrated his home, their home, pouring out, guns pointing at the pair. 
She hissed out vile curses in Russian, even as she kicked him to the back and began to open fire with her two smaller handguns, with the intent and purpose of protecting him to her last breath.
Like hell, is Tony's only thought on the matter.
A quick calculation later, he throws the satsuma at the man who was going to shoot Natasha.Or, more specifically, his gun.It is hit and goes off, taking out three of his guys on the left, because, fuck, they've got semi-automatics and Tony doesn't hesitate to steal her unused gun right on her lower thigh, ignoring her hiss, or snarl, of "Now is not the time Stark!"The moment the gun is in his hand, he immediately turns and shoots down the last ten on his right, in the head, twisting to take out the joints of those on the left, terrified he was going to take too long, that he's going to lose Natasha (and he doesn't think too long on that, because he doesn't want to know when she became important to him), but Natasha is quick, too far in the "zone" to stop over the fact Tony had just decided that he was going to take freakishly accurate shots with a handgun.
No one is left alive between the pair.He doesn't even hear the sound of Steve shouting for them, Bruce's voice an echo, and stands while Natasha stares at him likes she's never seen him before.
And she probably hasn't, not like this anyway.
He knows how he looks when he handles a gun, has had JARVIS do a few videos of him, wanting to see why people were a little freaked when they see him in the gun range.
He could probably give Natasha a run for her money in the 'blank face' department, eyes a charged intensity that was deadly.
"Tony, are you all right?" Bruce called and Tony handed Natasha back her gun, which she took once she had finished holstering her two smaller guns.Only then does he focus on Bruce with a smile, easily letting Bruce start to do a check-over.
"You...gave him a gun?" S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Friendship - Relationship
Team - Relationship

freeform: 
Deaths of Mooks
This was written back when I couldn't write Thor

fandom: 
Friendship - Relationship
Team - Relationship

