Work Text:
“Hey, by the way,” Bucky says, “what’s the most times you’ve ever made Steve come in a row?”Sam blinks up at him. “Seriously? That’s what you’re thinking about right now?” he says. “That’s cold, Barnes. Real cold.”“Just answer the question, man,” Bucky says, but he runs his metal thumb over the crease of Sam’s hip—ice cold, Sam thinks, shivering under the touch—and leans down to press his lips to the hollow at the base of Sam’s throat. The movement makes him sink deeper into Sam, which makes Sam’s breath catch, which makes Bucky huff out a smug little noise against his skin.“Um,” Sam says. He slides his fingers into the sweat-damp hair at the back of Bucky’s neck. “I’m not sure.” Unsurprisingly, it’s pretty difficult to think with Bucky’s dick hard and hot inside him and Bucky’s weight pinning him to the bed, the smell of sex heavy in the room. He’s only human, after all. “Twice, maybe?”“Twice,” Bucky says, aghast. He pulls back to look Sam in the eye. “You’ve gotta be—you’re kidding me, right?”“What’s wrong with two orgasms?” Sam protests. “Hell, I’m completely wiped out after one. And I sure never heard Steve complain about anything either.”“Oh, that’s just ’cause he’s too polite,” Bucky says with a shit-eating grin.Sam twists his fingers into Bucky’s hair and tugs, to make a point. It’s not very effective as far as making a point goes; it only makes Bucky gasp sharply, his hand twitching where it’s hooked around the back of Sam’s knee. His body stutters to a halt for a moment before he continues gently rocking into Sam.“Polite, my ass,” Sam says, lifting his hips to meet Bucky’s. “Steve was the most demanding little shit I knew before you decided to show up in my life.”Bucky shakes his head, which makes his hair fall into his eyes. “You’ve got it all mixed up there, pal. I was having a blast in Bucharest till you guys decided to show up in my life.”“Really,” Sam says. He tucks Bucky’s hair behind his ears again. “In that sad excuse for an apartment.”“My apartment was fine before a SWAT team swooped in and riddled it with bullet holes,” Bucky says. “Which, as you may recall, happened right around the time when you guys decided to show up.”“Okay, well, in that case, I’m really sorry to hear that Steve ruined your idyllic life in Bucharest.”Bucky holds still. “Oh my God,” he says flatly. “You’re taking zero responsibility for this.”“Yup,” Sam says. “All Steve. I had nothing to do with any of that. Ask him, he’ll confirm it.” He digs his heel into Bucky’s side until Bucky starts moving again, slow shallow thrusts that send ripples of pleasure up Sam’s spine. “And how about you take a little responsibility for getting my ass thrown in jail, huh?” he adds, clenching down around Bucky to emphasize his words.Bucky chokes back a moan. “I have. I am. I promised you a lifetime supply of apology blowjobs, remember?”“Oh, I remember,” Sam says. “I also remember you promising to fuck me nice and hard tonight, but instead of that you’re talking about Steve. Who isn’t even here right now.” Who’s at his weekly bridge club meeting, he almost says, but he is expecting Bucky to deliver on his promise at some point, so it’s probably best to steer clear from boner-killing topics like weekly bridge club meetings. For both their sakes.“Aw,” Bucky says. He kisses the corner of Sam’s mouth, picks up the pace a little. “I will fuck you nice and hard, I swear, it’s just—it seriously never occurred to you to test his super soldier refractory period? You never got curious?”“I’m a busy guy, all right,” Sam says. “Some of us have jobs we go to on days when there’s no avenging to be done. Also, I spent two years chasing down dead-end leads with your boyfriend because I was stupid enough to offer to help him find you, and—”“Hey, he was just your boyfriend back then. And you’re the one who offered. Don’t put that on me.”“I thought you’d still be skulking around D.C., man,” Sam says. “Anyway, hotel room walls tend to be pretty thin, and I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but that boy of ours tends to get pretty fucking loud.”“Yeah, well, imagine how loud he gets after three orgasms,” Bucky says, gripping the headboard.Sam—imagines it.“Fuck,” he says. And then, when Bucky’s next thrust seems to make all his nerve ends light up, has his back arching up from the mattress, “Oh, fuck.”“Yeah,” Bucky says, breathless. He hangs his head, fucks Sam faster. “My point exactly.” 
  “But I don’t want to skip bridge club tomorrow night,” Steve says plaintively. “Can’t whatever this is wait till after my trip to Europe?”Sam and Bucky tell him, “No.”“We’ll make it worth your while,” Bucky adds in a sly voice. “Promise.”It’s a thing of beauty, watching the understanding dawn on Steve’s face—the way he goes from frowning a little to momentarily expressionless to wide-eyed. A flush starts spreading up his throat. His cheeks flood with color.“Oh,” he says then, and Sam could swear his voice sounds hoarser now than it did just a few seconds ago. Steve cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Polyamory
Explicit Sexual Content
Porn with Feelings
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Hand Jobs
Nipple Play
Oral Sex
Rimming
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Wreck Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

