Work Text:

In a way, this all was inevitable. It is kind of a job hazard when you're faced with super-villains that consist of gods, monsters, and really, really messed up scientists.

At least, that's what Peter thinks as he's lead into a hotel room and comes face to face with someone too young and too soft to be Tony Stark. Peter pauses, gapes because he's seen old pictures, old videos of Tony Stark right after he left MIT and nothing could have prepared him for this. 

A woman that Peter has only seen fleetingly as she had ran past almost a year ago looks up from whatever conversation she’s been having on her phone and spares Lt. Colonel a glance that seems way too familiar to be a greeting. When she makes eye contact with Peter, really looks at him, he feels oddly guilty somehow. (Peter wonders if he's always going to feel this way running into all of Tony's exes...or if Ms. Potts was always going to be special.)

"Mr. Parker, I believe this is the first time we've met face to face." Pepper Potts looks exactly like she does on TV, worry is dancing at the edge of her eyes and Peter knows that tends to happen to the people around Mr. Stark. "We have a bit of a situation."

It's then that it hits Peter this is the first time he's seen Mr. Stark in months. 

*

Peter is packing up for the big dorm move, what he can anyway—he's begrudgingly accepting Mr. Stark's offer to help if only because both Mr. Stark and Aunt May guilted him into it. Aunt May's spent most of the past week since Peter's graduation crying and telling him how proud he made her and how much Uncle Ben would have approved and well. Peter's feeling the separation anxiety too—he's only ever had Aunt May and Uncle Ben, and now, now it's just Aunt May. He knows that he needs space, that this is a once in a lifetime opportunity but...it's Aunt May. It's his Aunt May.

Besides, she's not the only thing he's afraid of leaving behind.

Mr. Stark has been increasingly distant in that totally predictable and yet irritating way he tends to get when he thinks that Peter doesn't understand even though actually does. Peter can only try and keep reminding Mr. Stark he's there for a reason, that he's a man who made a choice and that he chose Mr. Stark. He's sure that there's a lot more to what they have going for them and it's been working out so far—for the most part.

"So remind me again why we couldn't get actual movers for the furniture around here?" Tony bitches as he lets Peter pull him down for another kiss against the wall. Aunt May's out on a spa day as they finish packing (Peter’s and Tony's insistence—Peter because he wanted to give Aunt May some actual comfort and Tony because he's got his weird guilt complex) and Peter should be more careful but well, he's 18 and his hot not-kinda-boyfriend is alone in his apartment with him.

"Not like we need movers for much around here—they're giving me a bed and a desk," Peter explains as Tony casually slides his hands inside Peter's shirt, calloused fingers brushing against a nipple that makes him keen. "Oh come on."

"I can't believe you're going to be ok with sleeping on the regulation beds there." Tony hums as he continues to touch and touch and Peter makes another noise as Mr. Stark drags his teeth against Peter's neck. (For a dizzying moment Peter thinks about the night after his graduation party where Mr. Stark had brought him to one of his beach houses and fingered Peter till he thought he was going to go crazy and hopes for a repeat.) 

"Why? You gonna be joining me?" Peter says it as a challenge though it sounds, hopeful, it's such a bad idea and yet. "You're my mentor."

"Not exactly the kind of mentoring that I had in mind." Tony doesn't stop touching him through and in a completely dirty move that doesn't answer the question at all—grinds one of his palms against Peter's dick.

Peter wants to press the issue further, feels like he should, only he’s dizzy on Tony's aftershave and the rush of adrenaline of Tony's mouth on his skin so he lets the subject drop.

*

Mr. Stark doesn't mention it, and in his usual ass-backwards way of avoiding things, flirts extra hard with Aunt May.

He invites her to dinner with them, Peter's happy, but he's got a sinking feeling in his stomach that something's set off Mr. Stark’s internal complex he's got constantly going on in the back burner.

Peter's ready to confront him about it (yet again, because that's how they've been operating so far) but then Mr. Stark is closing Peter's bedroom door behind him and Peter remembers being fifteen and the first time this happened. 

Peter raises a brow in invitation, Mr. Stark rolls his eyes—he takes a seat next to Peter and oh, it's so strange how it hits him that three years of knowing each other, and almost six months’ worth of dating...have led to this. 

"You know, I'm going to spam your phone right? That I'm not really sure how make you see I’m not going away otherwise—despite what your issues think." Because that's h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Harry Osborn/Mary Jane Watson
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Aged-Up Character(s)
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
background praise kink
Alternate Universe
Age Difference
Emotional Baggage
Peter and Tony both are bad at coping and relationships
Falling In Love
First Time Topping
Anal Sex
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Tony gets turned back into a teenager but its at the worst time ever
Tony Stark Has Issues
Age Regression/De-Aging
Angst with a Happy Ending
Crack

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Harry Osborn/Mary Jane Watson
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

