Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve never really noticed that there were no bathtubs in the tower. No one did (except maybe Natasha- that woman knew everything, after all). It was just a thing; The Stark/Avengers Tower was a shower kinda place.Actually, it had occurred to him once, maybe some time within the first few weeks of moving in with the others. He'd been telling Thor about rationing in the forties, and was explaining that if anyone wanted a bath, they could only use a few inches of water and had to make do with that. Thor had, of course, looked horrified, and then assured Steve that the baths in Asgard would be sizeable enough to house a Bilshnipe, whatever that may be- But for a brief second Steve had thought: I miss baths.He had been going to ask Tony about it; try and see if that would maybe count as an icebreaker which would resort to Tony finally having a proper conversation with Steve since moving in. But the Avengers Alarm had rung off a moment after the thought had managed to half-form in the back of his brain, and the question was forgotten.  Thinking back, Steve really wished he had remembered.  
 Two Weeks Ago: 
  “Tony, you know it’s Nat’s birthday in a week or so, right?” Clint started up as he caught Tony prowling into the communal room for his third morning coffee.From across the room, the other man froze, eyes narrowing suspiciously and turning to face Clint.“…I feel like this is going somewhere inappropriate," Tony turned around and eyed him up warily. "I’m not sure whether to be excited or terrified.”“Oh, you’ll love this!" Clint grinned, an impish and cheeky thing that didn't exactly make Tony feel any better. "Right, well, Natasha has always loved swimming, it’s like her guilty pleasure, there’s something about it that just appeals to her, I don’t know. But- I was wondering if you could install a pool or something in the tower? I really think she’d love it, you know,” Clint looked to Tony questioningly, a hopeful smile on his face as he taped along the surface of the tabletop.Tony’s face remained thankfully neutral- but he could feel the familiar anxiety and unease curling around his stomach and became all too aware of the phantom sensation of freezing water trickling down his spine. He quickly clamped a hand over the back of his neck and turned hurriedly toward the coffee, just in case his face let something slip. Fucking water. Natasha had to love the fucking water. “So, what do you say, Stark? Fancy putting all that money of yours to good use? Oh, God, I can’t wait to see her face, it’ll be priceless- like she’ll be trying to contain all her-““Do we…I mean, is it really necessary? It’s a pretty big deal- pools are…big. And you have to do all the plumbing and stuff, and it’s, um, a big hassle.” Tony spluttered, fumbling at his mug and waiting desperately for his coffee to prepare. He could feel Clint’s gaze burning on his back, and that damn water was still freezing on his neck.It’s not real, moron, he cursed to himself, It’s all in your head. We’re high and dry up here, in the tower.Tony felt Clint's pause. He obviously hadn't been expecting a rejection. “Well, I know it is quite a big thing, but this is Natasha. I think she deserves it, for putting up with us. And it’s not like it’s a big deal for you- money is no object for a Stark, right? You've said it yourself, I’m sure you can afford a pool,” he said, his voice sounding just as relaxed as usual, but now with an undertone of something that sounded like disdain.Tony flinched, glad that his back was turned so Clint was not aware.He had probably brought this on himself, anyway. If he had just had the guts to actually spend a little more time with his team, they’d understand him better.“Clint, it’s not about the money-“ Tony started quietly, trying to think of a way to phrase it that didn't make him sound like a complete coward.Unfortunately, Clint interrupted, looking a little more than put-out. Tony sighed; obviously they weren’t quite ready to have that particular conversation yet.“If it’s not the money, what is it? Do you just not like doing nice things? This is our friend’s birthday, Stark. Maybe you should just stop playing Scrooge for a minute and think about someone else for once.” Clint snapped, dropping the spoon he had been holding into his bowl of cereal loudly and staring at Tony, now not even attempting to hide his disgust.Tony felt the retort climb up his throat, ready to jump out and fight back against the cruel words being thrown at him. But it was early in the morning, and he was tired. He felt wet and he felt cold and he sure as hell wasn’t willing to begin a full-scale argument again. Not in this state.“Yeah, sure Clint. Sorry, you’re right. I’ll- I’ll have something arranged.” Tony mumbled resignedly, rubbing a palm to his eyes and beginning to walk away. The coffee could be drunk at another time.He heard Clint calling after him as he walked off- he sounded confused and slightly remorseful, which might have
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Angst
Hurt Tony
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Phobias
Not Canon Compliant
Avengers Tower
Misunderstood Tony Stark
Miscommunication
fear of water
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Angst
Feels
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Emotionally Repressed
The Avengers are kinda dickish at first
but they see the error of their ways
Misunderstandings
pool-scene
BAMF JARVIS
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
JARVIS aint got time for your bullshit
Insecurity
Anxiety Attacks
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Hates Water
Protective Avengers
Eventual Fluff
but it's mostly just a hella lot of angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

