Work Text:
I’m just a bachelorI’m looking for a partnerSomeone who knows how to rideWithout even falling offThe bedroom felt like a sauna despite the air conditioner being set on full blast. The air was thick - filled with Bucky’s ragged breaths and your quiet gasps. He claimed you with his touch, digging his fingertips into your hips and bruising you with his kiss.“Wish you could see yourself, baby girl. Lips all swollen and pretty. Just begging for my cock, huh?”You couldn’t answer him with a coherent reply. You were so blissfully sedated by his actions that you couldn’t form words. Slowly moving a hand up to his neck, you knot your fingers into his hair, using it to bring his mouth back down to yours. His kisses were hurried and forceful, declaring you as his own.Taking his bottom lip between your teeth, you tug it playfully. Your hips rock slowly against his, teasing him until you earn a low, gruff groan from the back of his throat. He grins against your lips as his hard on twitches in his jeans.Gotta be compatibleTakes me to my limitsGirl when I break you offI promise that you won’t want to get off“Are you sure that teasing me is really the best strategy, doll?” He asks as he steadily rolls his hips back against yours.Nuzzling into his neck, you purr at the name and pepper kisses along his skin. “No, but it sure as hell is fun.”Bucky chuckles at your cheekiness and hooks a finger under your chin, tilting your face up to make eye contact with you. “Behave little girl, you know I don’t like punishing you.” With that he gives your ass a hard squeeze and a firm slap.You clench your jaw and stifle a moan, all the while backing yourself into his touch. “Liar.” You whisper against his lips. “You love when I’m a bad little girl. I can see it in your eyes.”The grin he gives you is a smug and mischievous one, “Maybe I do. But if you keep it up I’m gonna make sure you won’t be able to walk or sit down tomorrow.” Bucky slips his right hand into your panties and moans when he feels how wet you are.His reaction brings a grin to your lips as you rub yourself onto his calloused hand. “Feel that, daddy?” You ask innocently. “Feel what you do to me?”"Yeah, baby girl,” He replies, “I love feeling what I do to you.” Another smack lands on your ass before he’s pushing you off of his lap. “Strip for me, sweetheart.”Biting your lip, you look up at him through your lashes as you remove the remaining clothes that covers your body. Your gaze lowers when you’re completely bare and vulnerable to him.“There’s my beautiful girl,” He says when he sees that you’ve obeyed his request. He pulls you to straddle his still denim clad thigh. He grips your hips and forces them down to grind on his thigh. “Fuck yourself on my leg, Kitten,” was his only demand.If you’re horny, Let’s do itRide it, my ponyMy saddle’s waitingCome and jump on itYour breath hitches in your throat and you whimper pathetically, shivering harshly at the name he uses. Placing your hands on his shoulders for stability, you slowly rock back and forth on his strong thigh.He leans forward to nip a mark onto your collarbone before watching your movements. “Look at my slutty little kitty cat. She’s so desperate to get off, she’s willing to grind down on my leg to do it.” His laugh turns into a groan as he sees the mark from your arousal grow with every pass down on his leg.You whimper and hide your face in the crook of his neck, never ceasing any of your movements. One of your hands tangle into his hair and tug his head back to expose his throat. You lick a long stripe along his skin and nip at his jaw softly.A growl finds it’s way out of his throat, the rumble vibrates against your chest. He pulls you away from his neck before leaning down and taking a nipple into his mouth. Bucky moans at the taste of your skin as you continue to grind on him.“Fuck…” You murmur, arching your chest to his mouth. Your clit starts to throb at the stimulation it receives from Bucky’s thigh, making the wet spot on his jeans grow bigger.You and your bodyEvery single portionSend chills up and down your spineJuices flowing down your thighsHe bites down lightly before kissing, nipping, and licking a path to your other breast. “How close are you, princess? Are you going to cum on daddy’s thigh like a good little girl?”You can’t respond. Your eyes shut tight as you nod eagerly and moan out his name. “So… Close…” You pant, squeezing his leg between your thighs.“Cum for daddy, sweetheart,” He orders in the form of a grunt, separating himself from your chest. Tilting his head up, he pulls your chin to face his before saying, “Look at me when you do.”Your brows crease and your mouth hangs open, emitting breathless moans and throaty gasps for air. Your clit drags against his wet, rough denim one last time before it sends you jolting into ecstasy. Letting out a long, strangled moan, you writhe against him as your orgasm gushes out onto his leg.Bucky’s teeth bit so deep into his bottom lip at the sight, tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
thigh riding
Multiple Orgasms
Unprotected Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

