Work Text:
When the portal closes, Tony Stark is still trapped on the other side. The world mourns his death and celebrates his heroics.Pepper invites the Avengers to live in Stark tower, "Please," she says. "I think it will help people remember that in the end this is his legacy, not making weapons."They agree to stay.When they read his will Pepper receives his stock in Stark Industries as well as a little less than half of his money. Rhodes receives the same amount of money and they both vow never to dip into it unless absolutely necessary, it feels to much like stealing from Tony. The last of his money is sent to various charities across the globe, a move which Pepper makes sure the media acknowledges.The night the will is read, Pepper settles to the bed in the (her) penthouse. Before she can drift off to sleep, Jarvis speaks to her."Ms. Potts," he begins sounding almost hesitant. "In light of today's events, I believe there to be a matter we should discuss.""Yes," Pepper asks, "What is it Jarvis?""My programs dictate that if Sir is to be declared dead, I'm to terminate my program three years after.""Oh," Pepper says around the lump in her throat. "I see."Life continues, over the next few years Shield is decimated, Bucky Barnes is brought in as an Avenger, and Pepper marries Happy Hogan.Then two years eleven months and twenty-three days after Tony is declared dead, a portal opens in the Avengers communal kitchen, during Sunday brunch, and out walks Tony Stark."Hey Jarvis," He says, "Did I make it in time?"Pepper and Barton both faint.•••When the portal closes, Tony Stark is still trapped on the other side. He's unconscious and unaware until he wakes up in green gardens with a foot prodding his side."Are you alive?" A young voice mutters and Tony turns his head to see a child with pale skin, raven hair, and emerald eyes. In his mind he estimates the child to be about eleven."Yeah," he coughs, "I am alive. Wouldn't hurt this much if I were dead."The kid watches as Tony struggles to sit up, "Why are you here? What are to wearing?"Tony looks down at his suit, mostly in shambles now, and wonders how the kid doesn't know, "Where am I?""The Royal Gardens," is the prompt answer. Tony resists the urge to groan at the vague answer that makes him think of Britain. The sunny, warm climate tells hm that's wrong though."Where, which country?"The boys nose scrunches, "I don't know anything about a country, but the realm is Asgard."Tony curses, hoisting himself to his feet and gripping the child by the shoulders. There's a sinking feeling In his gut as he asks, "What's your name?""I am Prince Loki of Asgard," The child cries shrugging out of his grasp. "Now unhand me!"Tony lets go and allows his face to drop into his hands, "Of course you are, now I just need to know if I'm in an alternate universe or if I've time traveled.""What do you mean?" Loki asks peering up at Tony. "Who are you?""I'm a mortal from Earth, Midgard." Tony says cautiously. "My name is Tony."Loki's eyebrow arches, "If you're mortal how are you here?""Fuck if I know," Tony responds throwing his hands up in the air. Part him is tempted to accuse Loki of being involved, but he knows better. He knows this is either an alternate dimension or the past and either way the kid won't know what happened."I can help you," Loki piques up suddenly. "Learn if it's time travel, that is. What year were you from?""2012," Tony answers watching Loki's face intently. He's not pleased with what he finds, nor with what he hears."Wow," Loki gasps, "I didn't think Midgard would make it to the 2000's."Tony groans, less than assured by that. He has no idea how to get back, a time machine is nothing he's considered seriously before. Tony isn't even sure what he's going to do with himself for the night.In the end, Loki sneaks him into his quarters and lets him sleep on the floor. Tony grumbles, but can't help the touch of affection he feels as Loki wishes him good night."Don't worry," Loki yawns, "Tomorrow I'll have my magic tutors focus on time travel, so I can help you get home."The next day, when Loki returns to his room dejected and upset his tutors refused to help, Tony simply ruffles his hair and thanks him.That's the start to their friendship, from there on out Loki is determined to do everything he can to help. Tony is just glad to have company in a world he's never known."What did you do on Midgard?" Loki asks curiously after Tony reassures him that it's okay he can't send Tony back.Tony replies slowly, "I made things.""Weapons?" Loki wonders and Tony winces."Sometimes."Later, when Loki comes back from dinner it's both with scraps for Tony to eat and a bag of gold."It's so you can start up a smithy," Loki explains with a wide grin, "If you have to stay here, you need a living, right?""Loki," a woman's voice calls through the door, the pair barely have time to tense before the entrance is opened. "Why are you stealing from the treasury?"Then the woman stops speaking and f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Frigga & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark-centric
Tony-centric
Tony has a smithy
Tony Stark on Asgard
Extended life span
Kid Loki
Loki growing up - Freeform
Parent Frigga
Awesome Frigga

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Frigga & Tony Stark

