Chapter 1: It’s a Boy and A Girl and a Boy and a Girl!
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



Chapter One: It’s a Boy and A Girl and a Boy and a Girl!

 



Avengers Facility, Upstate New York




 Once upon a time, there was a brave Captain who had an argument with a close friend.  Eventually, they made amends.  Sort of.  What really happened was something big and evil came and forced the two arguing friends and their separate camps to come together for the common good.  And once the smoke had cleared, it didn’t make sense for the two groups to separate again.  So instead, they decided to go back to what they had all called home and build something new and interesting.   



“Mommy.  Mommy.  Mommy.  Mommy.   Mommy.   MOMMY.    MOMMY!!!” 
 
Darcy put down the telephone book she had been pretending was an actual children’s fairytale book.  The Avengers Facility was woefully short on kid friendly supplies, something that Darcy had been assured would be handled.  But eight hours into this ordeal, and nothing was handled yet, and Darcy had two toddlers under the age of four and two six year old’s who were pretended to be disinterested, but really were in desperate need of a bedtime story.
 
Darcy looked down to the incredibly petite little girl who was tugging at her sleeve and put on her most patient, loving smile.
 
“Yes, Helen?” Darcy asked the little girl, who the medical staff on site had guessed was about three and a half.  The medical staff on site had taken great joy in guessing their technical superior’s new age.
 
“Lookit what they did!” Helen pointed to the other end of the king sized bed.  
 
“No good rotten tattle tale!”
 
Darcy took a deep breath as she looked down at the end of the bed where the two six year old boys who she had literally rescued from medical experimentation eight hours ago were currently tearing the bedding apart as they wrestled with each other in a violent way that was really unnatural for two small children.  The bedside lamp that Darcy would have normally admired under different circumstances glinted off a very new and shiny vibranium arm.
 
“Bucky Barnes!” Darcy scolded.
 
One of the little brunet boys froze, the  mom  voice was something he had clearly heard before and knew he should respect.  His small metal arm was wrapped around the other boy’s neck,  but obviously wasn’t actively trying to strangle him with his full strength.  If he had been, the other little brunet boy would be very dead at the moment.  And he wasn’t because he was currently digging a bony, vicious elbow into the tender spot on tiny Bucky’s tummy.
 
“TONY STARK!” Darcy scolded.  
 
Tony wasn’t so used to the scolding  mom  voice.  Maria Stark had been a good mother, but not overly involved in Tony’s discipline.  That had fallen to his father.   The soft anger in Darcy’s voice made him pause for a moment but then he went right back to actively trying to hurt Bucky.  Bucky whimpered and threw Darcy a pleading look, as if asking for permission to strangle the other boy.
 
“STOP IT! YOU’S PISSING ME OFF!”
 
The tiny annoyed growling sound made Tony laugh, giving up on actively trying to grind his elbow into Bucky’s spleen.  The little cuddly bundle that had been attached to Darcy’s side for eight hours uncurled from around her and stomped down to the other end of the bed.  She swatted her hands with unusual grace for a two year old, pushing Tony away from Bucky.  She gave them both a swat for good measure before plopping her chubby little body between the boys, her previous cuddling towards Darcy now being aimed at Bucky.
 
“Sorry, Nats,” Bucky said softly, wrapping his arms around the girl and cuddling her close.  
 
“No more fighting!” Darcy warned.  
 
“Say sowwy to mommy!” Natasha ordered Bucky.
 
“Sorry, ma,” Bucky said, appropriately ashamed.  He knew Darcy wasn’t his real ma.  Helen and Nat thought that she was.   But he and that mean jerk Tony knew better.  But she had taken care of them all day as best as she could while the other adults ran around trying to come up with a solution.  
 
Natasha gave her fiercest baby glare to Tony, who rolled his eyes.
 
“She ain’t my mother!” Tony insisted.  “I don’t got to listen to her, and that poophead over there needs his face smashed in!  He was naughty!”
 
Bucky shrank in on himself.  He knew he had been naughty.  Even if Tony was a stinky butt nugget, he had the right to punish him,  Darcy’s heart stung at the sight of Bucky going nearly compliant in his silent agreement with Tony.
 
“Tony’s mean!” Helen cried out anxiously.
 
“Tony isn’t mean,” Darcy said softly.  “Tony had his feelings hurt very badly, and he’s taking it out on Bucky.  Tony deserves to be angry and sad, but he needs to learn to be angry and sad in a better way, where he doesn’t hurt other people.”
 
Natasha nodded in agreement, and hugged Bucky closer to her.  
 
“You’re a dumb face!” Tony glared at Darcy.  “And you’re not my mom
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Helen Cho/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Fic
experiment goes boom then instant parents!
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
domestic fluff with a side of feels
Steve would make a great dad
Darcy always saves the day
ensemble fic and fluffy fic and slice of life elements

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Helen Cho/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

