Work Text:
The thing about working undercover with Natasha was that it nearly always ended up leaving Clint sexually frustrated.  Watching her through the scope on a sniper rifle or his bow was one thing; actually being undercover beside her was something entirely different.For instance, on this particular mission, they were at a resort in the Maldives shadowing a drug dealer who had turned to trafficking a very dangerous variation on the super soldier serum.  Their cover was two strangers who've met at the resort.  That way, they could interact with each other, but could also split up for surveillance without raising suspicion.So flirty singles.  And Natasha was just ridiculously sexy, so to have him flirting with her, whether it was genuine or not, was frustrating to say the least.  She'd bat her eyelashes and smirk at him and put her hand on his thigh, and to keep up his cover, he had to lean in close to her while they danced and whisper in her ear and let his hands stray a little bit too low from her waist.Which meant that every night, Clint got to groan into his pillow and try to... well, blow off some steam, so to speak.They spent that particular evening in the resort's nightclub, keeping an eye on the dealer (who turned out to be the most boring drug dealer on the planet).  Natasha wore a white bikini with pale gold trim, the bottoms covered by a turquoise and gold sarong.  She leaned back against the bar on her elbows, crossing her legs, and the move managed to thrust her gorgeous breasts out and expose her shapely legs at the same time.Clint exhaled a deep breath and tossed back the rest of his bourbon.  He could see Natasha's lips curve up into a tiny smirk, and he shook his head at her.  "God, you are too gorgeous," he said, signaling the bartender to bring them another round. "Do you always tease men like this?""Just men that I like," she replied, fishing the cherry out of the bottom of her empty mai tai and sucking it off of the tip of her paper umbrella."Oh, that is not nice at all," Clint muttered, taking the empty glass out of her hand and replacing it with a fresh mai tai.Grinning, she stabbed the cherry in her new glass and offered it to him.  He plucked it off the end with his fingers and popped it into his mouth, sucking the meat of the fruit from the stem."You know I expect you to do the cherry stem trick," she said casually, sipping her drink.In response, he parted his lips, the double-knotted cherry stem held between his teeth.  Natasha laughed and turned on her bar stool, resting a hand on his thigh, her fingers snaking dangerously close to his junk.  "Oh, that is impressive," she purred. "That's quite a talented tongue you have.""I practice," he replied, chasing the boozy fruit down with a sip of bourbon. "And tying cherry stems isn't the only thing my tongue can do.  I can give you a demonstration if you like.""I think I'd like that," she murmured, leaning in close to him to put her lips against his ear. "The target's on the move.  Looks like he's heading back to the bungalows."Clint sighed and stroked his hand down her soft, bare arm.  "I have no idea why we're watching this guy," he muttered back. "He's just been drinking margaritas and looking lonely the whole time.  He's not going to try to unload the serum here.""I know," she replied, resting a hand on his shoulder and brushing her nose against his cheek. "But hey.  Think of this mission as an all-expenses paid vacation in a tropical paradise, and all we have to do is spy on the absurdly dull drug dealer."He slid one hand up her thigh, underneath the edge of her sarong, and she drew back to give him an impishly raised eyebrow.  "Why don't you come back to my room and show me what you can do, hotshot?" she said softly.Clint found himself wishing more than anything that she really meant what she was saying.They slipped off of their barstools and clasped hands, their hips bumping together as they crossed the open-air nightclub and headed out onto the maze of piers leading to the over-water bungalows.The dealer went into his own bungalow -- alone -- so Clint let Natasha lead him back to theirs.  The bungalow they were in had two units in it, and by an amazing coincidence, their covers ended up in the adjoining rooms despite being complete strangers.  He followed Tasha into her room, making sure it looked to anyone who may have been watching them that he was about to get laid, but as soon as he closed the door, the covers dropped.Natasha sighed and flopped down on her bed, drumming her sandaled feet on the floor.  "Ah, yet another day," she said, lifting her arms above her head and resting them on the mattress. "Hopefully this guy stays here another couple of weeks.  I don't want to go back to New York in January."Her position showed off her breasts to great advantage, and Clint surreptitiously adjusted his linen trousers.  "You need anything?" he asked.He honestly meant food or a drink or whatever, but she was obviously still feeli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Pre-Avengers Movie
Undercover
Porn
Porn With Plot
(the thinnest plot but plot nonetheless)
First Time
Partners to Lovers
Unexpected Feels
Explicit Sexual Content
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Voyeurism
Phone Sex
Oral Sex
Come Shot
Fucking
Female Ejaculation
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

