Work Text:
To say James Rhodes was still furious was an understatement, but the others were unaware. After all, they had more important problems that needed to be dealt with.Asgard had fallen. Thor and Bruce, who had somehow ended up with the alien prince, had returned from the other realm to warn the world about the threat of the Mad Giant. After harshly criticizing Tony for his actions (and only Tony’s pleading gaze had stopped the colonel from ripping these supposed teammates a new one; apparently, Tony had internalized the guilt. Again.), they agreed to Tony’s request to wait until he talked to the U.N Assembly to get their approval.Grimly, the prince and the physicist stood on the sidelines, suspiciously watching their (former?) teammate step into what almost seemed like an arena. James stood behind Tony, knowing that the man needed the support.Brilliant as ever, with every fiber of his being focused on this very moment, there was not a soul unmoved by Tony’s passionate speech. He spoke in every language he knew, fluidly switching between mannerisms, words and even body language to make it clear to every culture why this was important.
The Avengers were created to deal with threats that nobody else can hope to eliminate.

I know that you are afraid, and you have reason to be. The Avengers are powerful. However, we originally assembled to save the world, and the world is what’s at stake here.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Tony concluded. “I could promise you many things: that we will succeed; that we will defeat Thanos and that nobody will be hurt. I cannot do that. But fact remains that we are the world’s first and last line of defense. I promise that we will die before we let you come to harm. The question is, will you let us make this sacrifice?”The silence that followed was deafening until the Sokovian representative rose from his seat.“You have wrecked our lands, and caused the death of my countryman, Mr. Stark, and if you believe this will ever be forgotten, you are a fool. Sokovia will never forget or forgive the part you played in the biggest tragedy in the history of our country.” Tony’s face showed no emotion, but James could already see how every single word tore his best friend apart. “However, you are not wrong; if the Avengers Initiative has one purpose, it is this. Sokovia supports your plea.”Everybody seemed to comment on this. It was as if Tony was the sole Avenger responsible for the tragedies in the past; and as if the others were heroes.In that moment, James realized that this was exactly where Tony had wanted them since he had started to work with the U.N. Nobody talked of Rogers’ misdeeds or the chaos caused by the Hulk, or the sheer power that was Wanda. Tony/Iron Man was fallible. Every other member of the Avenger Initiative was a hero.In the end, the Avengers received permission to fight Thanos (Oh, thank you so much), and Tony returned to the compound with James, Bruce and Thor.“Thank you, Stark,” said Thor. “I still do not agree with your actions, but your words were those of a true warrior and leader. Well spoken, my friend.”Tony nodded, but avoided his (former?) friend’s gaze, only find himself looking at Bruce, who simply replied, “Excellent manipulation, Stark, kudos! Doesn’t change the fact you went to bed with the devil just to get your way.”Tony visibly flinched this time, before his face seemed carefully neutral, if not cold.“Oh, but Bruce, don’t you know? I would fuck the devil if necessary.” James had not seen this cocky side of Tony since before Afghanistan when he had worn the moniker of ‘Merchant of Death’ like an armor.“Well, at least I don’t need to wonder why Pepper left you. She does not seem like the woman to accept cheating,” was the cold reply. James shifted, but Tony quickly restrained him by putting a hand on his right thigh (he could feel that! Tony managed it; he could feel that! It was the most glorious thing he had ever experienced in his life).“You seem a bit green around your nose, Bruce, careful. Not that I mind seeing the Big Guy again. I miss him,” was the calm reply, which caused Bruce to laugh harshly.“You helped Ross. The Other Guy will rip you apart next time he sees you. You decided to side with an even bigger monster than he is.”“The Hulk was not nor has he ever been a monster,” replied Tony coldly. “And if you had waited before running the fuck away, we could have dealt with it.”“There was nothing to deal with!” screamed Bruce, his eyes green. “I murdered people.”“Wanda messed with your mind!” replied Tony, not the least bit afraid. “I don’t know what she showed the Hulk, and we may never know, but what we saw that day was not the Hulk.”“Oh? Just like we weren’t close to an interface? You are incapable of accepting any kind of guilt, are you?”“Enough!” shouted James, using a tone he usually reserved for the battlefield, and even Thor, who had remained silent throughout the exchange, seemed to straighten up. “Bruce, I don’t know what crawled up yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity Wars (not even spoilers yet)
BAMF Rhodey
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt No Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark is broken
Suicidal Thoughts
Team Iron Man
Protective Rhodey

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

