Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Like all kidnappers who decided that that kidnapping Tony Stark would be a good life choice, they died in a glorious blaze of explosions.Tony leaned back against the tree, head tipped up towards the sky, and listened to the distant booms until they gradually died off and the only thing he could hear was the sound of his own breathing. It was dark and quiet now; he wasn't sure where he was, only that he was probably (hopefully?) still on American soil, which didn't mean much at all. Roughly 3/4s of the country hated his guts for fighting against Captain America, and the other 1/4 only liked him for the products that he could offer them. And money. Always the money.He stayed where he was for a little while longer, just resting, before he slowly hoisted himself to his feet. His bad arm throbbed and so did his ribs - he'd fractured, if not outright broken, a couple - and the rest of his body was definitely bruised because his captors hadn't been gentle, but there was nothing serious enough to keep him from hiking through the woods to the nearest town. At least this time, it wasn't winter and he wasn't having to walk through several inches of snow while dragging a heavy suit of armor behind him. Small miracles; after the past three days, which had been spent in a dank, smelly cell waiting for his opportunity to escape, he wasn't going to complain.Something flashed, the moonlight reflecting off metal, and Tony froze as Black Panther emerged from between two trees, stealthy and silent. Tony was so shocked that he just stood there, staring. Out of all the people that he had not been expecting to see, Black Panther was in the top five. As far as Tony knew, the king was supposed to be safe in his own country."What are you doing here?" he asked rudely. His throat tightened, the effect of smoke catching up on him, and he swallowed roughly against a coughing spell. It didn't work. His ribs burned as he started to cough, and he silently upgraded the fracture into a definite break."A ransom note was sent to us." Black Panther removed his helmet. "And I could sense that you were in danger."Oh shit. Tony forced himself to stop coughing, squinting through watery eyes. "You... what? Fuck, those guys must've been stupider than I thought. They'd have had better luck trying to get money out of Stark Industries, and they have a very strict no ransom policy." He straightened up, even though it hurt less when he was hunched over, because he didn't like being so much shorter. "So what, did the others send you to make sure that I actually ended up dead?"T'Challa's lips thinned. "No.""Really," Tony said, just as flat, not believing him for a second. "And - you know we haven't actually bonded, right? Like just because we shook hands, that doesn't mean you're going to die when I die. I bet it wouldn't even hurt that much. Like a bee sting." He smiled, all teeth."That is not why I'm here.""Then why are you here? I didn't demand anything of you. And I won't. I don't want anything." Tony drew back slightly, wrapping his good arm over his belly for support. T'Challa was probably the only person left in the world who could hurt him (or at least, that's what he wanted to believe). "I'm sorry you got stuck with me for a soul mate. But I haven't told anyone. I wouldn't do that to - well, to anyone, but especially not to you. We can just pretend it never happened. Like we have been."For a good thirty seconds, T'Challa just stared at him. Tony got uncomfortable approximately three seconds in. He shifted out from under the tree and backed away another couple steps, then realized that was stupid: regardless of whether he turned his back on T'Challa, it wouldn't make a difference if T'Challa really wanted to kill him. Tony was just a human, and an injured one at that, whereas T'Challa was definitely... something more. So he turned around and started walking in the opposite direction, hoping that T'Challa hadn't brought anyone else with him."Anthony," T'Challa said behind him.Tony winced. "Please don't call me that." The last time anyone had called him that was Jarvis, and Howard, and Maria... the old ache rose up inside of him, clawing at his chest."Tony. My plane is this way. I can give you a lift. Unless you prefer to walk over twenty miles to Mianus.""Excuse me?" Tony said, spinning around."Mianus, Connecticut," T'Challa said with a completely straight face. "It's the closest town."Tony stared at him again. "Are you shitting me? Because I haven't eaten or slept in over three days and I'm pretty sure I have broken ribs and probably a concussion and that would just be cruel."Something that looked a little like concern flashed over T'Challa's face, gone too fast, and he said, "You could keep walking and find out, or you could follow me to my private plane."Connecticut. Jesus, Tony's kidnappers went for the weirdest places sometimes. Going with T'Challa wasn't the best idea - even this proximity was making his heart rate sp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
soulmate rejection
or at least tony percieves it as a rejection
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
like desperately needs a hug
Tony gets kidnapped
Kidnapping
tony is not a damsel in distress
courting
Courting Rituals
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
T'Challa is fed up
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
PTSD
Stress
Panic Attacks
royal consort Tony Stark
let's make that a tag you guys
it's a tag now
steve rogers needs to apologize
Protective T'Challa
tony stark tries so hard
t'challa understands that
Tony Stark Feels
T'Challa Feels
feels all around
Angst with a Happy Ending
Cousins Tony and Sharon
sharon carter appreciation

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

