Chapter 1: Burning Hot
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


Penny Parker, Spidergirl and 17 years old, inhaled sharply, having woken up feeling…hot that day. She'd tried to cool herself off, mostly by splashing cold water on herself. Nothing seemed to be working though, and it only seemed to be getting worse.She started noticing things she shouldn't be either. Like how she was suddenly noticing the muscles of the guys around her, or how she felt strange as she trained with them. Or how there was a weird, tight coil in her belly that kept tightening. She had also, embarrassingly, caught herself staring at the others several times."You okay?" Harry Osborn, her best friend, nudged her gently, the face plate of his Patrioteer armor up while they rested from training.She swallowed heavily and gave him a small smile."Y-yeah…"But she couldn't help noticing the almost pretty face Harry had, or the way his lips looked so soft."Penny?"She made a strangled noise in her throat and stood up abruptly."I-I have to go," she turned to leave and started to almost run out of there.To her further embarrassment, she practically ran into Norman Osborn at the entrance of the training room. She almost fell back, but at last second he'd caught her.It was horrible because these days she didn't have the best relationship with Norman. He still wasn't happy with her about what had happened to Harry, but it had only gotten worse when he found out Penny was Spidergirl. He had allowed Harry to continue learning and training at SHIELD, but he didn't talk to Penny anymore and they tended to avoid each other as much as possible.This would be the first in a long while that they had any close contact with each other.Strangely, his nose flared slightly and he took a deep inhale, before he straightened up and pulled her back straight. He took a step back."Watch where you're going," he said sternly and then strode away from her.She flinched and continued her way out of there, missing Norman turning back and looking at her longingly.When she was gone, Harry threw his bottled water at his father's head, who merely caught it."God, Dad. Make up with her already," Harry rolled his eyes.Norman scowled at his son."Mind your own business, Son," he grumbled, heading over to him.
Penny's breaths were coming in fast and hard, and the heat was becoming unbearable. Her thoughts, as she glanced at every guy that passed her, were starting to become bizarrely X-rated and unlike her. She couldn't think of anything aside from needing to –
Touchmetouchmetouchme
There was an ache between her legs that was begging to be relieved. The coil in her belly was so tight that she felt like she was going to cry. She was so hot, she felt like she was going to burn on the spot."What's…what's happening to me?" she gasped out, leaning against a brick wall.She squeezed her legs together as tightly as she closed her eyes. Nothing was getting rid of the ache and she was starting to feel it becoming painful.Forcing herself to straighten up and then to continue walking towards the subway, she had to continue to focus on her breathing to keep a clear head. She'd only managed to make it to the bridge she needed to cross in order to head towards the subway entrance, when she whimpered and turned to the bridge's stone barrier and clutched at the stones that made up the wall."Hey, are you okay?"She couldn't concentrate and was barely hanging onto her sanity. The moment the man touched her shoulder, she snapped and turned towards whoever it was and slammed him against the stone wall, smashing her mouth blindly against his."Oh, fuck," he moaned, and Penny latched her mouth against his neck, suckling and practically climbing up onto him. "H-hold on."But he wasn't pushing her away and instead had adjusted her to be more firmly against him, and if she was in her right mind, she would have been blushing and pushing away from the hard bulge she felt against the curve of her ass. His own hands moved to cup the globes of her ass and squeeze, making her rock against him and make needy noises."Fuck, babe, you're so hot," she could hear him breathe into her ear.She tightened her legs around him, rocking harder, and his fingers grasped at the hem of her leggings and he slipped his fingers inside. He found his way to her covered clit and began circling it roughly, pinching through the cloth. Then he rubbed his way up and down her pussy lips, and up until then, she had had no idea that she'd been so wet."Oh God," she whimpered, thrusting her lower half against his hand."You like that? Cum on my fingers, baby," he said huskily, and she found herself rutting crazily against his hand and then cumming hard within seconds, not able to keep a straight head and think clearly anymore.Even after though, she was still aching and needing more."I've got a hotel room," she barely heard him say into her ear. "Come back with me."All she knew was that she was sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Flint Marko|Sandman/Peter Parker
Norman Osborn/Peter Parker
Curt Connors/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Victor von Doom
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Kraven the Hunter/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Rule 63
Genderbending
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Female!Peter Parker
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Angst and Fluff and Smut
But all the smut
All the Spidey Ships
Because Penny needs love~
And a Hug
sexy times ahead
But doused in ANGST T.T
Madonna-whore Complex
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Sexual Empowerment
Angst and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Flint Marko|Sandman/Peter Parker
Norman Osborn/Peter Parker
Curt Connors/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Victor von Doom
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Kraven the Hunter/Peter Parker

