Chapter 1: Whose Cock Is This?!
    




Chapter Text
The sound of wet skin slapping on his asscheeks was the first thing to wake Steve from his stupor. He moaned as he felt yet another hard, thick cock slam into his hungry ass. He had no idea how long this one had been fucking him for – he had no idea whose cock it even was. Sometimes there were so many he fell asleep while they were still fucking, and this wasn’t the first time he’d woken up to a stranger’s breath on his neck and cock in his ass.
It felt so good.
Steve shuddered around the cock inside him – it was a big one, bigger than usual at least, and wide enough around that his hole actually had to stretch to let it in. That didn’t happen much anymore. Since the word had gotten out that Steve Rogers wasn’t just an easy lay, he was literally begging for it, Steve hadn’t had to so much as flutter his eyelashes at a stockboy before he was drowning in cum.
Speaking of which, he could feel all the cum already inside him sloshing a little as the stranger fucked into him. He curled a hand around the slight swell in his stomach, panting and moaning again as he thought about how it must look. Skinny Steve, his stomach rounding out in front him, full of the fuckjuice of a dozen faceless men. His hips hitched against the mattress.
When word had first gotten round, Steve had been worried that the neighbors would report him, or worse that Bucky would be offended to find out his best friend had sucked more cocks than a shipyard whore. He’d let the first few men fuck him on the floor, terrified the squeaking of the mattress would give him away. But that wasn’t a problem anymore. They were in the best part of Brooklyn for activities like this, and it wasn’t like the girls next door were going sell out a fellow fairy. 
As for Bucky, well, Steve had been shocked and aroused to find that Bucky’s reaction was little more than a shrug and a challenge: “Bet you haven’t sucked more cocks than me.” It seemed that Steve had underestimated his friend’s willingness to make a quick buck, and he’d definitely not been expecting to find that “working down at the docks” didn’t mean unloading ships. Bucky was almost a bigger slut than he was. Almost.
The man behind him snapped his hips faster and his hands dug into Steve’s sharp hips. Steve was keening now, his mouth open and drooling slightly. The exhaustion from his marathon fuck-session was keeping him from milking the cock in his ass, but he got a few flutters out every couple of thrusts. It felt so good. Deep inside, the cock rubbed at his walls and pushed on his sweet spot and Steve felt like he was the luckiest slut in all New York.
The man pushed his cock in one last time and finished, the hot cum pouring into Steve’s already full ass. Steve was too fucked out to come again, but he tightened himself on the man’s cock as he pulled out, unwilling to be empty again. He hated being empty. If he could, Steve would have something big inside him every second of every day. Hell, if he could, Steve would put something bigger inside himself every day until he was sitting on whole fire hydrants. Nothing in the world felt as good as the hot heaviness and thickness of a cock deep inside his pulsing ass – except maybe two cocks.
The walls of his hole tried to close over the open air rushing in, cum spilling out as he whined for another cock, another plug, anything to feed his greedy ass. Whimpering, Steve reached back and shoved his hand in, something to take the edge off and keep his hole from feeling the wrench of emptiness.
The man laughed at him, “You fucking slut,” and tossed a couple of dollars on the bed before he walked out. Steve didn’t actually do this for the money, but he didn’t say no either. He was a slut, he knew that, and if he could be a slut who brought in enough to actually pay for heat this month, well that was even better. The door closed behind the man as he left, and Steve was left alone again, sitting on his hand as he clenched and unclenched his fingers. 
All he wanted was for another cock to walk through that door.
He was just pulling his hand out, admitting that he might as well get cleaned up since it didn’t look like his ass was getting any more feeding for now, when the door did swing open. It was Bucky and a few of his friends from down by the docks. 
A few years ago, Steve wouldn’t have even been able to imagine his best friend and a group of strangers walking in on him sitting on his own fist, stripped naked, in a puddle of cum. But that was before Steve had embraced himself, before the girls downstairs had taught little Stevie Rogers about fucking and kissing and the beauty of a hard thick member sliding down his throat. Now Steve didn’t mind Bucky bringing men home, not in the least.
“Hey, fellas,” he said, not even bothering to pull out his hand. “You come for dinner?”
Bucky chuckled and closed the door behind them. There were five men with him, all big hard boys with broad shoulders and tight shirts. S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Sex
Shameless Smut
Anal
Fisting
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Cockslut Steve Rogers
Steve is a slut
Bucky is a slut
Everyone is Sluts
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Double Penetration
Come Inflation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

