Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text


The sphere between the realms of Ydrassil was timeless, the god knew.
Nevertheless, the time he spent in between her roots, fleeing the Chitauri, felt like a millenia, like half an eternity. 
The Chitauri were unforgiving creatures, lusting for his blood as payment for their fallen comrades. Their determination to catch the god and to regain what had been stolen from them was unbreakable.
They wanted to torture and kill the wanna-be king they had once dared to turn into their puppet, so they could eventually reforge their wounded honor.
Never again Loki would fall into their mercy. 
The Chitauri's attack had occurred months after Loki had been returned to his former home by Thor and then sentenced to imprisonment by Asgardian law.
The Golden Realm had not been prepared for it. 
The Trickster should have known:
The realm of the gods was arrogant, blind to the dangers that lurked far away in the shadows of the universe – the Aesir had never thought it possible that they could be harmed by alien forces.
Loki could have told them, since he had sensed the upcoming and long anticipated attack days before, but no one would have listened to the fallen prince. 
Not after what he had done.
Moreover, Loki's thoughts had become bitter, filled with hatred for the ones he had thought of as family in times not so long past. A part of him had lusted to see them burn.
Yet in the end, after it was all over, the god wished he had warned them.
Everything had started when violent tremors shook the earth, a vibration in the air that created a humming sound and left a feeling of static on Loki's skin, a strange tingling sensation that had made his flesh creep in anticipation.
Seconds later, the air outside had filled with terrible screams as the first attackers shot down from the sky and covered the city in fire. The agonizing cries and pitiful shrieks of the masses had been loud enough to be audible through the small window of the cell they held him captive in. 
In another time, Loki might even have enjoyed the sound - but not today.
It had taken the hordes of the Chitauri only mere minutes to find their way down into the vaults of Asgard, where they had processed to kill the guards and destroy the massive metal door that had contained the Trickster.
He had not cared to speak to them nor hesitate in any way.
With his bare hands, Loki had killed them all - that much he was still capable of, even though he was far from being in his best condition.
He had wrung necks, snapped bones, and crushed their ugly, reptilian skulls, until the attackers had been nothing more than silent, unmoving corpses on the ground.
With one of their energy-blades, Loki had been able to cut the magic-binding shackles off his wrists and leave the cell, picking up one of the dead guard's spears as he went.
The god had known the Chitauri had not come specifically for him - despite any oaths of vengeance – for not even their most treacherous ally was worth this much effort.
No, they were after something far more valuable, an artifact worthy of destroying worlds and sacrificing whole peoples for:
The Tesseract, the last piece required for them to obtain absolute dominance in the universe, which was hidden deep inside Asgard's weapons' vault.
Loki might not have been sane - maybe he never had been – and his thoughts were twisted, so tortuous sometimes even he did not understand them. Yet, there was one thing he was sure of:
Thanos must not be allowed possession of the cosmic cube. 
Luckily, the Chaos god had reached the vault before the attackers. 
Except for the faint screaming and battle noises coming from above, the halls beneath Asgard had become silent. Their usual guards had been busy fighting outside, or already lying dead somewhere, killed by intruders. So, Loki passed, unchallenged, through the halls towards the vaults.
He had gone this way many times, and still remembered every stone of it.
The doors of the huge room had opened easily for him, for the magical defenses had weakened, unable to withstand any being that possessed magic - and Loki possessed a lot of it.
As did the Chitauri.
There, inside, he had found it:
the cube, glowing its usual pure and mesmerizing blue, positioned on the pedestal where the Casket of Ancient Winters had once been exhibited – that was before Loki had decided to steal it, back in a time which now felt like another life.
Loki's steps had slowed at the sight of it, the sounds of battle ceasing for a moment as the cold, energetic light of the Tesseract fell across his face, completely taking him in.
Time had seemed to stop around him, everything blurring into a mess of colors and fading into the background. Everything became meaningless compared to the infinite blue in front of him.
With a slow stretch of his hands, the god had reached out for the cube and taken it, his fingers tingling.
Even before touching it, Loki had felt a connection to the Tesseract - but not with this level
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tesseract
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
frostiron
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
RP based
More angst
Illnesses
FrostIron - Freeform
Dark!Tony
Gore
Loki and Tony against the rest of the world
Action/Adventure
Alien Invasion
Nuclear Warfare
BAMF! Loki
BAMF!Tony
Post Avengers
Tony and Loki look (and live) like hobos
Slow Build
Loki learns how to drive a car
We like to destroy things
Mentions of Suicide
partly illustrated
Explicit Sexual Content
Steve is a poor bastard
Fun in Space
Fury needs a holiday
and they all need a hug

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tesseract
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
frostiron
Loki & Tony Stark

