Work Text:
Pepper was on a mission.Happy was wheeling Rhodey behind her, talking quietly. Her heart had broke to see Rhodey in this condition, but she knew that Tony must be torturing himself for it. Vision was behind them, keeping a distance away from the group. Pepper still didn't know how to interact with the android, having spent little time together.But right now it didn't matter. Because Pepper was on a mission."FRIDAY, how long has Tony been in his lab?""Approximately 72 hours Ms. Potts," the AI replied, and Pepper could hear the worry in FRIDAY’s voice."Has he slept at all?""Boss had slept for two hours before waking up from what it seems to be from a nightmare. Boss has refused to sleep or eat and has been working ever since then," the AI replied.Pepper started to walk faster her high heels. Rhodey had called her in desperation when Tony denied his access to the lab. He never did that before and it scared both of them and Pepper was going to make sure that Tony snaps out of his guilt.It was going to be useless, Pepper knows, but he needs to know that Rhodey doesn't blame him.Rhodey, Happy and Vision decide to stay behind the glass wall with Pepper’s insistence. She lets out a deep sigh when she can access the lab to find Tony tinkering around with what looks like to be prosthetic legs. He quickly turns and was about to throw the screwdriver when he realizes who is in his lab."Pepper? What are you doing here?"Pepper can see the walls that Tony is putting up, the distance he putting in between them. And her heart clenched with pain with how distant Tony was.But she wasn't going to let him go away."Rhodey couldn't get into the lab," Pepper said, knowing that it didn't need any explanation.Tony shrugs and turns away from her. "I am busy," he said, his back tense."Oh no Tony, you are not doing this." Pepper goes up to him and forces him to look at her. "You are not going to shut me out on this.""On what Pepper?" Tony says with a bitter laugh."What happened in Siberia?"Pepper knows it's a touchy topic when she can see his body go rigid. Rhodey told her that he hasn't talk about what happened in Siberia, and they both know that Tony doesn't tell them when it is bad. Afghanistan bad. Or New York bad."Why do you even want to know?" Tony was pushing her away, she knew it but to see the cold eyes that had once held love made her want to cry. "Why do you care anymore? Isn't that why you didn't want to be with me? So that you wouldn't have to care?""That's not what I meant," she screams and she knows that people are watching but Tony needs to hear this. "I wanted a break because I was going crazy with the Extremis problem and I didn't want you to deal with it! I was terrified that I will lose you because of the suit! We both needed time to evaluate what was important in our lives but I realized that even if you are going to be Iron Man I don’t want to be away from you. I wanted some time for myself but I was always come back to you! We are not going to leave you Tony, whether you like it or not."Tony breaks. Because oh god his Pepper, his sweet Pepper, was not leaving him. He breaks because at least not everyone left him.Pepper catch him before he falls, and lowers them onto the floor. She lets his head rest on her shoulders and can feel the tears on her skin. She runs her fingers through his hair, comforting him as much as she could. The sobs quiet down but she doesn't let him go."In Siberia," Tony starts out softly, as in a trance. "I went to help Rogers and Barnes, but Zemo showed us a video. December 16, 1991. Turns out dad was traveling around with super soldier serum with mom, and he wasn’t drunk to crash the car. Barnes killed them.”Dread starts to fill her.“My mom. He killed my mom. I heard her die. She screamed for my dad, and his metal arm choked her. And he knew.”“Barnes?” She asks softly.“He lectured me about honesty between teammates during Ultron and he kept this away from me,” Tony continued, his voice breaking.And Pepper’s heart froze. Because he is talking about Steve and oh god he knew about his parents.“I always blamed dad for mom’s death. I blamed him for the accident and for taking mom away from me and -“ And Tony breaks in her arms and she holds him. Her shirt is getting wet from his tears but she doesn’t care. She cries for him, is angry for him and devastated for him. “I tried so much,” he starts again, hyperventilating. He pushes away from her comfort and faces away, believing he will the disappointment in her blue eyes. “After Ultron, I tried so hard to fix my fault, and I thought that the accords would do good because it was about accountability and I fail at everything I touch and -““Stop it!” Pepper shouts as she forces him to look at her. His brown eyes were broken and lost and it felt like someone was stabbing Pepper’s heart. “You are doing right. After Ultron, you took on the responsibility for it and even taking blame for that witch. You are doing so much and I love you for that,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Not Steve Friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

