Chapter 1: a mother's will never ceases
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Maria Carbonell knew that when she said yes to Howard Anthony Walter Stark on their wedding day, she was marrying a somewhat eccentric, work-obsessed man. Even when they had been dating, he'd go radio silent for a few days, later always skimming over her concern with the excuses of being busy with his newest inventions for his flourishing company. This doesn't mean that he'd ignore her during their time together, oh no. In fact, he'd pull out all the stops to take her out to the fanciest places and lavish her with the finest things she'd ever laid eyes on. He was sweet, charming, and they'd sometimes have these intellectual conversations that would bring out such curiosity and enthusiasm from the pair of them, they'd end up smiling at each other over the candlelight from their seats.And though at times their marriage wasn't perfect, she could deal with his tendencies and pretend at times to be the perfect trophy wife in front of the usual dinner party crowd they would be forced to interact with.What she didn't know was what kind of father Howard would be, not until she had her little bambino, Tony. Anthony Edward Stark, "it's a fitting name for a Stark" Howard claimed, but to her, the little bundle of joy would always be just Tony. Howard had never gave her anything more precious than Tony. When she first held him in her arms, little peach fuzz poking up from his tiny head while peering at her with the same warm honey brown eyes, she thought-no, she knew she'd give her life in an instant if it meant it would keep her little bambino safe. And as she watched Howard carefully maneuver their son until he was cradled gently in the crook of his arm, awe-filled eyes glued down at the small bundle, she thought he felt the same.All to slowly, however, she learned how wrong she had been.Things had been good, even great those first few years. It was amazing to see a person that Maria had carried for 9 months in her womb, grow into a beautiful little boy, taking his first tiny steps, starting to talk by the age of 1 and never seem to stop. And oh his laugh was so delightful to hear, she couldn't get enough. Tony had all the staff wrapped around his little finger from day one, and as long as he was happy and laughing, the loyal and trusted employees were happy to work for the Stark family.She didn't realize how much the beautiful sound of her son's laughter meant until it slowly started ceasing. She never could have pictured when she said yes, that as a father Howard could be so cruel, so harsh, and so unforgiving towards their son. Since the day their son turned three and could firmly grasp a tool in his little hand, Maria watched in slowly-growing horror as Howard became more rough with him. Instead of encouraging words and gentle guiding hands, there would be harsh shoves and tight grips. She was never there to witness it, only heard the concerns coming from some of the house staff, including their faithful butler Edwin Jarvis.At first, she didn't want to believe it. How could Howard, the sweet charmer who doted on her constantly, do such things?But one night she came across some dark bruises beginning to form on Tony's arms when she helped him dress into his pajamas, freezing when she noticed Tony's face pinch up tightly after she accidentally pressed on them. When she asked Tony what happened, he went real quiet, snuggled under the covers while holding his stuffed wolf, and said 'I'll be good mama, I pwomise. Stark men not sappose to cwy." Horrified and angry, she distractedly kissed Tony's head, turned off the light, and then marched straight to Howard's office. She barged in and demanded to know what he did to his son. For unknown reasons as of late, Howard would be drunk, that night no different as he said that it's nothing and that his father before him taught him the same thing."He's has to use his mind Maria. He could be something great and he needs a little....push," he slurred out."He's three, Howard," she argued with thinly-veiled disbelief."My dad became firm with me when I was three," like it's supposed to be normal and validate his actions towards their son.Maria seethed quietly, before stalking over to stand in front of her husband. She placed her hand on his shoulder, leaned forward so he had no choice but focus on her. Her voice was quiet that night, but it held a deadly edge. "Listen here darling, I don't care if you want to be like your father. If you so much as lay a hand on Tony that causes a single bruise, I'll make sure you'll regret it. I promise you."Howard looked sobered up by the end of her speech, so she left him in his study that night.She wished that the moment had snapped him out of whatever fit he had landed himself in. Sadly, it did not. Yes, Howard stopped being physically rough with Tony, but he also stopped being physically there.He started taking lon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
One-Sided Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Past Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
canon divergence- Iron Man
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
BAMF Maria Stark
Tony Stark deserves a childhood
and he gets one in this story!
Alternate Origin Story
Past Brainwashing
References to Torture
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Team Dynamics
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Canonical Character Death
Protective Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Shuri Is a Good Bro
BAMF Tony Stark
caring Tony
Child Neglect
Asexual Character
unspoken feelings

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
One-Sided Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Past Howard Stark/Maria Stark

