Chapter 1: What Do I Want To Do?
    




Chapter Text
Steve had felt alone since Bucky had fallen from the train. He felt alone while he made the decision to put the plane in the water. He felt alone when he found himself in the 21st century. He even felt alone surrounded by the Avengers during the whole thing with Loki.
But Steve had never felt as alone as he did when he was told he was pregnant. Bruce had said “Don’t panic.” as if that would stave off any panic attack that Steve may have had. And then he had said those words. Those magical words that so many other omegas wait years to hear. The words that, once upon a time, would have brought him to tears, filled him with joy.
But now… his mate long dead… Steve just feels alone.
He’s going to have a baby. His baby. Bucky’s baby.
It could only have been Bucky’s. Not only had Steve never once shared a heat with anyone but his mate, but he could even pin down the exact time it had happened. It was two days before the mission that had taken his mate from him. Steve’s suppressants had worn off during their latest mission, his heat in full effect by the time they had made it back to base. It was the first unsuppressed heat Steve had experienced since he and Bucky were still living day by day in their tiny little, drafty apartment. Back then, there had been no worry about Steve getting pregnant. The doctor had confirmed that Steve wasn’t strong enough to carry a baby. At least not a healthy one all the way to term. And no matter how many times they tried, Steve never got pregnant.
And there was no evidence to suggest that this time would be any different. Dr. Erskine had said that there was a possibility the serum would increase his chances of pregnancy since he would be stronger, but he admitted the opposite could happen as well. Steve could have been sterile after that procedure.
But they had no way of knowing. Steve had heats regularly. He was put on what were basically super suppressants because he regular ones were no longer strong enough to hold up against his metabolism. And the question of pregnancy had never been answered.
And after his heat, they had gone on that mission. Bucky was lost, and Steve was alone without his alpha. Not a week later, Steve found himself piloting a plane, deciding that he would put it in the water. At least he would see Bucky again, right? Nothing bad about that.
But here he was, sitting in the med bay of the helicarrier. Bruce stood beside him, all the other doctors having decided that he would be the best person to drop that bomb on the captain.
“What am I going to do?” Steve mumbled, letting his head fall into his hands. Bruce dropped his whole doctor side momentarily to sit beside his friend.
“What do you want to do?”
Steve laughed bitterly at that. What did he want to do? He wanted to go back to the 40s when things were a lot simpler than this. He would still have Bucky with him. He would be able to sit in a doctor’s office with his mate, his alpha, and see the look on the brunette’s face. They would think about baby names and get the spare room made up for their little boy or girl. He would spend a lot more time than usual with Mrs. Barnes, getting helpful tips and advice while she insisted on knitting enough blankets to keep the entire army warm for the winter. But through all of these things, there was one thing he wanted more than anything else.
He wanted Bucky.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

