Work Text:
The problem is, Charles usually answers and places calls while distracted. He’s forever multitasking, scribbling down reminders and updating his calendar while trying to organize lecture notes and grade term papers at the same time. This is why, whenever he jams his phone up between his ear and his shoulder, he can’t be held accountable for half the things that come out of his mouth. “Pepperoni,” he says as he corrects one of Hank’s equations. “Also, sausage. No to peppers, yes to olives, and a thick crust please.” The man on the other side rings up the total, which Charles barely even hears. He’s too busy with grading to even leave his office at the moment, so he can’t really care less about prices. The phone call winds down, and as Charles marks through another of Hank’s equations—really, Hank’s work has gotten a little sloppy since he’s taken up with Raven—he says, “Thank you. Bye. I love you.” “I love you, too.” Then they both stop. Charles can literally hear the sharp intake of air on the other side, a gasp of surprise that mirrors his own. “Umm…” he says awkwardly. Everything he’s working on screeches to a halt. The dozens of thoughts that race through his mind at all times—fix this, work on this, finish this—go completely silent. After a long minute, the man on the line says very calmly, “Don’t expect a discount because we just confessed our undying love to each other.” “Oh,” Charles says, supremely embarrassed, “of course not. Although that’s rather cheap of you. Charging your lover full-price.” Another sharp inhalation from the other side. Damn his propensity for saying things before he thinks them through. Charles backtracks quickly. “Not that—not that I’m your lover. Sorry, that was a mistake. I wouldn’t ever tell you I love you. Wait, that’s not what I meant—Not that you aren’t loveable, of course! I’m sure your mother loves you very much, and you’ve probably got wonderful friends who adore you. And I like you, not saying I didn’t, naturally, you’ve been very polite and—and I’m going to shut up now. Goodbye.”He slams the receiver down into the cradle and takes a moment to be stupidly relieved that no one’s in his office at the moment to witness the furious flush that’s suffusing his face. Smooth, Charles. Really. This is why multitasking is going to ruin him one day. Well, this is just one more embarrassing story to tell Raven later when she shows up to drag him away from his work to dinner. He puts the incident out of his mind. Half an hour later, the delivery man knocks on his door and hands his pizza over. Charles pays him quickly and takes the box back to his desk, clearing an area and pulling out napkins. Twenty minutes to eat, he thinks to himself. Then he’s got to get started on those grant applications he’s been neglecting. He flips the box open and is startled to see a note written on the inside of the top flap. ‘Hey, this is sort of cheesy,’ it reads in hurried, crooked writing, ‘but you are one supreme slice. Love, the guy you confessed your undying love to. P.S. You sound adorable when you’re flustered.’ Charles blushes hard. His heart thumps a bit unevenly in his chest as he reads the note over a second time. He’s got a weakness for bad puns, and an even bigger weakness for attention. It’s not that he’s always determined to be on everyone’s radar and keep to the spotlight, but it’s nice to be noticed every once in a while. Being mostly ignored in his childhood has taught him that much. He checks the box over thoroughly and finds no signature, no name that might point him in the right direction back to the man on the phone. Only slightly disappointed, he decides to save the box to show Raven later and turns his attention on the pizza.

*****
The week after that, he dials the pizza place again, having all but forgotten about last time’s episode of epic foot-in-the-mouth babbling. This time, he’s leaning over to type out an email to his TA when “Thanks. Bye. I love you,” slips out of his mouth again, and he nearly drops the phone from where it’s cradled against his shoulder.He freezes in disbelief. Did he really…? Again? Someone hoots on the other end. It’s a different voice from last time, younger and higher. “Love you, too, man!” There’s a pause before he says, “Wait. British accent? You’re the guy. You’re the guy.” His voice goes distant, as if he’s pulled the phone away from his mouth. “Hey, Erik, I’ve got your Lover Boy from last week on the phone! He says he loves me!” Charles is fairly certain his cheeks are painted scarlet at this point. “Erm, I’m terribly sorry about that, I didn’t mean—”“Nah, it’s cool! Erik, get your ass over here!” Erik? Oh no. Charles does not want anyone else to witness his embarrassment. He’s already given all his information and agreed to the total, so he ends the call before the employee on the other end can say anything more. He buries his face in his hands and tries not to feel too horribly mortified. Twice! This is what he gets for trying 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
pizza place
Charles Is a Darling
Erik is a flirt
Phone Calls

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

