Work Text:
“Fuck Steve, holy shit,” Tony gasped, his nails digging into the carpet, his cock pressed uncomfortably against the floor, precum smearing over it and his stomach as Steve buried his tongue deeper into Tony’s open and wet hole, fucking his tongue deeper inside, tasting and licking around the rim of his pink and hungry hole. Tony helplessly pushed back against him, pushing it deeper inside him, moaning and gasping as he pulled at the restraints binding his wrists behind his back, unable to loosen them or get free in this position.
Steve’s hands were gripping Tony’s waist tightly, a hand on each hip, fingers digging into his soft flesh as he worked his tongue deep inside the shorter man spread out beneath him. Tony was on his knees, ass in the air for him and a cock ring fastened over his angry and leaking dick, face pressed against the carpet, his hands tied behind his back and his arc reactor illuminating a bit of the floor. Steve was positioned behind him, naked much like Tony, cock hard against his toned stomach and kneeling, face buried in his ass.
Steve moaned against his hole as Tony bucked his hips back, panting heavily, hair hanging in his face, messier than usual. "Steve, Steve, m-more, please–oh fuck,” he gasped, eyes falling shut as he dropped his head, panting heavily as Steve worked him open, pulling back occasionally for a breath, bitting his ass gently before going back to his filthy hole. He could practically feel the lube and spit dripping from his hole, ready and open practically before they began. “Steve, I need–I need more, please,” he begged, choking back a wrecked sob.
Steve smirked, pulling back and licking his lips. “Shh, shh, I want you to pay close attention when I fuck your filthy little hole, understood? You’re gonna watch as I fuck you baby, fill you up, you won’t come until I say Stark. Look at you, so pretty all tied up for me.” Tony moaned in response, managing to look at himself in on of the mirrors.
There were several around the room, positioned just right so he could see his sides, front and back if he turned his head right, ignoring the rough carpet against his cheek.
His face and back were flushed red, his skin sweaty and his cock begging and dripping against the floor, his hole open and dripping, lube running down his thighs. The sight of his own wrecked and hungry body tied up and ready for Steve to do as he pleased with was enough to cause him to moan, precum leaking from the head of his cock, whimpering slightly as he pushed his hips back, receiving a nip at his left cheek, his skin already bruised.
Steve smirked, stroking his own throbbing cock before lining himself up with Tony’s fucked open hole and pushing in with one, hard thrust. Tony gasped loudly, high in his throat, panting and whimpering needily as he tightened his hands into fists, his mouth open and panting.
“Oh God Tony, you feel so good baby, you’re still so fuckin’ tight,” Steve moaned, rocking his hips slightly as he gave Tony a bit of time to adjust before pulling out almost all the way and slamming back into him, his cock head brushing against Tony’s prostate as he cried out. Steve gripped his hips tighter, hard enough he’d probably leave bruises, holding him still as he snapped his hips faster into Tony, pushing his cock deeper as they both let out a low groan.
Tony panted and whimpered as his cock rubbed against his stomach and the floor, causing precum to smear over his cock head, unable to reach orgasm due to the cock ring tightly fastened over it. He could feel Steve pounding into him, hitting his prostate again and again, milking him as Tony was forced to watch in the large mirrors around him.
He could see the lube and precum leaking out of his hole and running down his ass and thighs as Steve fucked his hole, panting and moaning above him. “Mm, you watching baby? You lookin’ at how pretty you look like that, getting fucked by my thick cock and you can’t even cum?” Steve teased, panting as he rolled his hips, groaning as Tony let out a helpless whimper, the super soldier continuing to fuck him senseless.
He could see the way Steve was growing close to his release, eyes rolled back and his mouth slack, face flushed red as he worked his hips, a few light bruises still faintly apparent on Steve’s ass from a few days ago. Tony was momentarily transfixed as he watched the way Steve’s ass bounced slightly with each push of his hips as his cock disappeared into him again, moans escaping his lips. He was pulled from his thoughts as his prostate was hit again, wrenching a wrecked sob from his lips.
“Steve, ohh fuck, please I need to–I need'a cum..” Tony begged, nearly incoherent as he moaned, rocking back desperately against Steve, the sound of Steve’s balls slapping against Tony’s ass with each thrust echoing in the room. Watching Steve fuck him while unable to move or cum was torture. If it wasn’t for the cock ring keeping him just on the verge of orgasm he was sure he would have already cam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Light Bondage
Rough Sex
Teasing
Mirrors
Mirror Sex
Explicit Language
Anal Sex
Rimming
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Denial
Cock Rings
Begging
Dirty Talk
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Control Kink
Dom Steve Rogers
Light Dom/sub
Hand Jobs
Possessive Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Name-Calling

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

