Chapter 1: Feasts and Farewells
    


Summary:

A farewell feast, then Loki and others go on a journey.



Notes:
Thank you to everyone who has waited to patiently for the next fic in the series, after I left you on such a cliffhanger with the end of Moments. This will be a considerably longer story than the previous two, closer in length to Grievance. Enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The feasting hall at Vingólf buzzed with activity, music mingling with ritual boasts and laughter and the shuffle of dancing feet on the stone floors. It was rare for General Tyr to host a celebration feast rather than a simple dinner for his household, but with three guests of honor that evening, it had seemed only appropriate. Master Völund the Smith and his apprentices had come, and now the apprentices were flirting with the serving girls while Völund himself sat at the high table chatting with the other two guests, Master Seidmadr Mimir, and Loki himself."I do not know if you will remember it," Loki was saying; "it was hundreds of years ago, now, but you gifted me a set of throwing knives, when I first left the palace to come and live here.""Aye, of course I remember," said the Vanir. "I am pleased that you have kept them.""Kept them? They are the best knives I have," exclaimed Loki. "When I began advanced knife training with Master Frodi, he forbade me to use them at first, because he said they would compensate for any flaws in my technique. And he was right to do so, I think. When he did permit me to use them, the knives seemed even better than I remembered.""Heh. They do reward good behavior, or so I like to say," replied Völund."Good tools always do," agreed Mimir. "I still remember the day I first acquired a good scrying bowl, during my days as an apprentice.""It is hard to imagine you were ever a beginner," said Loki."We all were, once.""Indeed." Völund chuckled and reached for his drink. "Now, the very first blade I ever forged… well, it was about what you would expect for a beginner. Unbalanced, poorly tempered… wouldn't keep an edge if you prayed over it! Heh. My master made me keep it, and had me bring it out every year on the anniversary of my apprenticeship to him. I still have it.""Do you?" asked Loki, intrigued."It still serves the purpose my old master wanted it to—reminds me to remain humble, that I am not perfect, that there is always room to improve, and to be kind to myself when I make mistakes.""Surely you do not make so many mistakes anymore," said Loki.Völund admitted the point with a smile. "Well, no, and that is why I have the title of 'Master', same as your teacher here.""I still cannot believe I am so close to achieving that rank myself.""You've earned it," said Mimir fondly. "Though you will still be the brat who gave me my white hairs, no matter what your title.""Your hair was white when we met!" Loki protested, and they all laughed.There was a lull in the conversation as the leader of the musicians announced a dance, and someone else stood to give toasts to the three honorees."I was beginning to think they were ignoring us," said Mimir under his breath, as he acknowledged the toast."Oh, they are," said Loki. "It was like this in the palace all the time. The party is grand, the food plentiful and rich, and the mead flowing freely, and that is why most of them are here; we are just a good excuse to throw the party in the first place."Völund snorted at the same time as Tyr, making both men laugh again. "Nonsense," said Tyr. "The people of Vingólf hold great affection for you, Loki, and I think you do know it."The boy—nearly a grown man, now—blushed. "It still seems excessive to me, even being raised as royalty," he said. "All this just because I go to Alfheim to continue my training. And Seidmadr Mimir goes to… his ancestral homeland, and Master Völund goes to Vanaheim with a completed commission. My brother would probably take all this as his due, but I would have been just as happy with a dinner in your study, Father.""You deserve to be feted, my son," said Tyr. "And yet, I suppose you are right, in that the old dirt pile has not seen a feast like this in many years, and the three of you all leaving at the same time is, in fact, a good excuse for such revelry.""I knew it," said Loki, but he was smiling impishly as he did."Well, my own journey shall be little more than a delivery of goods," shrugged Völund. "And the king will get no more from me for a good while.""He was a poor customer?" asked Mimir."Not in the least; it is only that Vanaheim is a mess, all those petty warlords calling themselves kings and fighting one another for supremacy. A thin excuse for raiding and marauding, if you ask me. Meanwhile the true rulers have their hands full just trying to keep their heads above water, much less rule the realm effectively.""So it isn't Njord you're delivering to, then," guessed Tyr."No," replied the smith. "No, this king is called 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tyr (Marvel)

freeform: 
Worldbuilding
Hurt/Comfort
Brodinsons being bros
Abuse of a prisoner
Tyr feels
Loki Feels
Thor Feels
Torture
Hurt Loki
Hurt Tyr
BAMF Loki
Magic

fandom: 
Loki & Tyr (Marvel)

