Work Text:
Peggy is decoding a transmission at her desk when a flash of colour catches her eye. She looks up, reflexively, even though the Howling Commandos are still in France. Not everything red, white, and blue is Steve, she reminds herself.But this time it is. He’s striding through headquarters, iron-jawed and purposeful, flanked by Lieutenant Falsworth and Sergeant Barnes. His face is covered in grime, as if he hasn’t even stopped long enough to wash it since coming from the front, and it makes his eyes look even more startlingly blue. He looks healthy, unhurt. Vibrant. Her heart thumps. She doesn’t stand; she doesn’t follow him; she doesn’t yank him into a convenient storeroom to unzip his trousers and —He makes eye contact with her. His expression shifts briefly to something hot and wanting and full of promise. She tries to look unaffected, but the corner of his mouth twitches, so she must not be very successful. Christ, she wants him.For a brief moment, as he passes, she lets her face show her open desire. Steve’s eyes widen; she smiles; and then he’s past and the moment is over.She shifts in her chair and refocuses on the transmission. *** For the rest of the day, she sticks around HQ. She lingers at her desk or in the map room, always doing her job but making herself easy to find. She dispatches WACs on errands that she would usually run herself as an excuse to get away from her horrid little desk. She’s being ridiculous, and she reaps the rewards of her behaviour: Steve doesn’t come by at all.She tries not to be disappointed. It’s not as if they can be public with their relationship, anyway, heated looks aside. But usually Steve can’t quite resist tracking her down on some pretext so that they can at least talk to each other and he can slip her his hotel and room number. She was looking forward to telling him that she’s moved out of her boarding-house and thus escaped the landlady’s eagle-eyed attention.Fifteen hundred hours. Sixteen hundred. Seventeen. She continues working at her desk until her presence would become remarkable. Then she goes to the pub that the Commandos prefer. She lets them buy her a pint, but Steve and Barnes are still absent. ‘Another?’ Falsworth asks.‘No, thank you,’ she says, draining what’s left of her stout. ‘Headed home?’ His eyes are knowing, but kind. ‘Yes, I think I’ll call it a night,’ she says.‘Not much to keep you here tonight,’ he agrees. ‘Besides, doesn’t your landlady have a curfew?’‘She does,’ Peggy says, ‘but I moved into my own flat a couple of weeks ago.’‘That must be nice,’ Falsworth says. ‘No more shared facilities?’‘My SSR salary isn’t quite that good,’ she replies, wry. ‘Shared baths and lavatories. But I’ve got my own bedroom and sitting room and kitchen, which feels luxurious enough.’He leans back and considers her for a moment, then smiles. ‘Listen, let me walk you home. I know you can take care of yourself, but it will make me feel better if you don’t have to. And that way if someone needs to get hold of you urgently, at least one of the Commandos knows where you live.’Peggy eyes him. He gazes back, the picture of innocence, but frankly if he’s willing to be her discreet accomplice in getting Steve to her flat later — as this whole conversation suggests he is — there’s only one answer possible. ‘Very well, Lieutenant,’ she says. ‘Thank you for your assistance.’ *** Peggy has already changed into her nightclothes when she hears voices at her door. One is pitched so low that all she can hear is a rumble, but the other sounds like…‘Peggy!’ It’s definitely Steve.She hastily pinches colour into her cheeks, tightens the belt of her dressing gown, and opens the door.Steve lurches into her flat, uninvited and ungainly, despite the efforts of Sergeant Barnes, who is pulling on his waist. ‘Steve,’ Barnes says, ‘come on, you’re being rude, you can’t just barge into a lady’s apartment like this — Christ, it’s like trying to hold back a tank —’Steve looks drunk, his smile wide and pleased, his eyes shining. ‘Peggy,’ he breathes when he sees her. Then he just stands there, looking at her.She darts a glance at Barnes, who is closing the door behind them, his face resigned. He shrugs at her. ‘He was acting normal till we got here.’‘Hello, Steve,’ she says. He sighs and somehow smiles more, like she’s done something wonderful simply by knowing his name. ‘What are you two doing here?’ she asks, perplexed but smiling.His eyes are starry. He looks at her, licks his lips, and says urgently, ‘Peggy, I need to fuck you.’Peggy sucks in a sharp breath, stunned. Of the two of them, she’s the one with the dirty mouth. She’s never heard him say ‘fuck’ before.‘Steve!’ Barnes cries, his voice strangled, and he actually leaps onto Steve’s back and wrestles him to the ground.Steve ends up face down with his arms twisted behind him and Barnes sitting on top of him. His eyebrows are drawn together in apparent confusion as to how it happened. ‘I wanna fuck you, too, Bucky,’ he says, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Praise Kink
Dirty Talk
Jealousy
Polyamory Negotiations
Polyamory
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Dubiously Consensual Blow Jobs
Mildly Dubious Consent
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Porn with Feelings
POV Peggy Carter
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
World War II

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

