Chapter 1: Howard's POV
    




Chapter Text
It was Steve's idea to bring Tony back home from boarding school. "No child belongs that far away from his parent, Howard," Steve said, and Howard would have argued with him, but Howard had never successfully won an argument against Steve. He would have argued, had he been able to actually do anything but cave when Steve turned two disappointed eyes towards him. "I'll think it over," Howard promised. Steve reached over from his spot on the sofa and squeezed Howard's knee, which was a dirty, rotten, low trick. "Do more than think about it, Howard," Steve encouraged, and his breath was warm enough on Howard's ear that all Howard could do was nod in agreement. "I need to hear more than that, soldier," Steve warned as his hand cupped Howard through his pants. Howard couldn't quite hold back the whimper that followed the action. Steve had been back in Howard's life less than six months, and he'd already ruined four pairs of Howard's best pants with his hands.That wasn't why Howard was whimpering, though. "I'm sorry, Captain," Howard murmured when Steve's squeezing grew more insistent. "I'll talk it over with the boy's mother right away." "With Tony's mother," Steve corrected. "Use the child's name, soldier." Howard thought about telling Steve that Howard hadn't been trapped in ice for decades, so he was well aware of the child's name. The sass didn't have time to leave Howard's lips, but it did make him hesitate just a little bit too long. The hesitation was long enough that Steve pinched the inside of Howard's thigh. If Howard hadn't already been hard, that single action would have put him there immediately. There was nothing better in the world than when Steve Rogers pulled rank and acted like the alpha male captain that he otherwise never was. Howard would never stop feeling proud of the fact that he was one of the few people who actually got to see that in action. "I'll discuss it with Tony's mother," Howard said quickly. "Good soldier," Steve praised, and he must have meant it, because Steve spent the rest of the night doing his best to ruin that expensive imported couch that Maria had loved so much.
Calling Maria was not really something Howard looked forward to these days. Who could blame him, really? Their marriage had always operated on the assumption that she was the greatest love of his life. Then Howard had actually found the greatest love of his life, and the only honorable thing he could do was give her a divorce quietly, along with a sizable chunk of money to serve as an apology. But he'd promised Steve, and Howard always kept his promises to Steve. Even if Steve was the only person Howard could say that about, at least Howard could say that much. "Good morning, Maria. How's the dig coming?" he asked in what he hoped was a good imitation of cheerful.  "What do you want, Howard?" "Oh, are we going to do this? This cliche version of exes where we fight each time we call each other?" "You're the only one who ever calls," Maria reminded him. "For a reason. If you're calling to renegotiate the settlement I won fair and square, you can have your attorney call my attorney." "No, no. You won that fair and square." Not that he'd put up much of a fight, of course. Obadiah was right about the fact that some sheets just shouldn't be aired in public. "Then what the hell do you want?" "I'm calling to talk about Tony." There was a long pause and for a minute, Howard wondered if Maria had hung up on him, and if so, if Steve would hold that against him. "The child is 11. In eleven years, never once have you brought him up to me. It's always been the other way around." Well, it wasn't exactly an unfair accusation. "You were a wonderful mother. I never had to - " "Oh, spare me." He can hear Maria rolling her eyes on the other end of the phone. "Is this what happens when you get a new piece of ass, Howard? A younger one who doesn't need to send his assistant out to the seedy part of town to buy the dick to shove up your ass? You get all sentimental on me?" "I was thinking of bringing him home. Send him to a nice private school here." "Why on earth would you do that?" Maria demanded. "He hates boarding school." "You've never given a damn until now." "Sometimes things change." There was a sharp intake of breath on the other line and then a long string of laughter. "Is that what this is about? You've got a new wife and you've decided to bring your son home so you can play house?" "No," Howard denied. "Look, Steve thinks it would be a good idea - " "It's a bad idea," Maria insisted. "But if you want to bring Tony home and make him suffer through your attempts at trying to appease your new wife, you go right ahead. Unlike you, I have an actual job to do." The line went dead, and Howard went to go report back to Steve.
Initially, things went well with Tony. Howard worried, because he knew that Tony loved his mother more than anyone, and it wasn't as though Howard could claim tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Consensual Spankings
Consensual Power Play
Non-Consensual Power Play
Daddy Kink
Grooming
Coercion
Manipulation
Stockholm Syndrome
Abuse of Power
Age Differences
Parent-Child Incest
Stepfather-Stepson
Agegap Kink
Child Physical Abuse
Child Sexual Abuse
Corporal Punishment
dub-con
Rape
Alternate Universe
Date Rape
references to Steve/Bucky

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

