Work Text:
It wasn't even Thursday. Weird things were only supposed to happen on Thursdays. 
That was definitely the rule, Tony thought, as he tapped the bootjets on and hopped backwards to dodge Amora the Enchantress' latest blast of energy. It was a close one. The air crackled pink only a few inches in front of him. The suit sensors blinked a fragmented analysis at him, and none of it was comprehensible, numbers too high here and too low there and entirely unnatural -- because, of course, it was all magic. That was one of Tony's big complaints about magic. It just didn't make sense.
He was beginning to regret offering to handle this one alone. He'd thought it made sense when the call came in. It was only Amora, after all. Only one foe -- why should it take more than one Avenger? And Peter had already left for work, Bruce had gone to the library at Empire State, Jan had been showing Ororo a marathon of her favorite reality-TV fashion programs, and God only knew where Logan had gone off to. Probably Canada. Even Steve had still been eating breakfast. So it hadn't been worth bothering anyone else just to take down Amora. Or so he'd thought. So he'd assured Steve, Jan, and Ororo that he would be fine by himself, thanks, and he'd headed out to Central Park.
But the fight had been going on for a good half-hour now, and Amora showed no signs of letting up.
He should have asked Jan and Ororo. Jan could have just squished her.
And then Ororo could have made an angry little raincloud follow her around. Maybe zap her with lightning every so often. That would have been cute.
Or he could have asked Steve, he thought, more than a little wistfully. Steve could have knocked her flat with the shield in an instant, and then Tony could have swept Steve triumphantly into his arms, kissed him, and flown him home in jubilation. The last time someone got a photo of the two of them doing that, the resulting publicity had managed to break Twitter. Six months together, and public interest in their relationship still hadn't died down yet. (Steve thought it was cute how the tabloids smushed their names together.)
Another bolt of energy sizzled past Tony's head. He needed to focus. This was taking way too long.
He raised his hands and fired repulsor rays, the light streaking blue from his palms... and that was a miss. Goddammit.
Amora only laughed. Then she turned and ran deeper into the park, ducking behind a tree.
No, no, no, Tony thought, gritting his teeth. You're not getting away from me now.
He kicked the bootjets on, half-power, and he sailed forward, swerving between two trees, feeling like he was suddenly starring in his own version of Return of the Jedi, on the forest moon of Endor with the lightspeeders. He nudged the jet power up, dodged another tree, and leveled himself out, flying horizontally now--
Amora was right ahead of him--
And that was when the next shining pink energy bolt hit him right in the face. He hadn't sealed the suit's mouth or eyeslits, and everything smelled faintly floral for an instant. The suit HUD filled with ones and zeros and then blacked out entirely. The jets cut out, and Tony hit the dirt, skidding forward several yards through the grass to come to a halt at Amora's feet, with the suit dead around him.
Well, fuck.
"What the hell did you do to me?" Tony's unamplified voice echoed in the helmet. The external speakers weren't working. Nothing was working.
Amora threw her head back and laughed. "Why, I put a curse on you, of course!"
"A curse?" Tony asked.
He hated magic. He hated magic so much.
REBOOTING, the HUD informed him, and Tony curled his hands into fists, inside his now-useless gauntlets. Come on, he thought. Come on. Faster.
She wiggled her fingers impishly. A pleased smile broke across her face. "Indeed. A curse."
He wouldn't have sensors until the suit came back online but as far as he could tell, everything seemed fine. His heart was working. He could feel all his limbs. It didn't seem like anything about him had moved or changed in any way. He was maybe a little sore from the landing, but that was it.
"I don't feel any different," Tony said. "What did this curse of yours do, exactly?"
She looked down at him, and her gaze was somehow both arch and mischievous. "Your greatest love will be combined with your greatest enemy," she intoned, like an oracle making a pronouncement, "and only your love can lift the curse."
Tony tilted his head to the side -- or tried to. The gorget was locked down, and the armor just creaked ineffectually. "What the hell is the point of that? What does that even mean?"
"The point?" She laughed again and tossed her hair back. "The point is that I am having fun," she said, her voice full of a kind of scornful delight. "You might even enjoy it, yourself. And as for the meaning -- that, you will learn soon enough."
The words SYSTEM REBOOTED flashed across Tony's vision, and then the familiar HUD overlay was back. Targeting crosshairs lit up in front of Tony's eyes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Consentacles
Curses
Bondage
Double Penetration
Community: cap_ironman
Cap-Ironman Bingo

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

