Chapter 1: The Bridge on the River Kwai
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


1.


 August 1

"With all due respect, Director, please piss off and let us do our job," said Cap, his voice tight with strain.In retrospect, Tony thought much later, that's what should have been their first hint that something was off with their golden boy. At the time, though, he'd nearly wet his suit laughing, and Hawkeye's hastily choked-off giggle hadn't helped."Sure, Captain, I'll tell my agents to go back to their needlework, then," said Fury's calm voice over the comms, as though having America's favorite son telling you to piss off happened to him every day. "Let us know if you need anything. Ice tea, lemonade, scented towels. A magazine or two?""Sorry, Director," said Steve brusquely. He paused. "We could use SHIELD presence on the north perimeter. Iron Man's going to herd that thing to the pier.""I am?" said Tony. "Herding. That's usually a term for more than one thing," he muttered. "Shepherding a giant wall of slime, how is this my life.""It should dissolve in the water. That firehose seemed to irritate it before it got out of its range.""Should. I'm sending you the cleaning bill if it doesn't." Tony sped off, blasting the giant wall of pink slime and earning himself what looked for all the world like an aggrieved glare, if a blob of amorphous pink could glare. The wall slowly started to shuffle towards him through the shimmering heat, and Tony congratulated himself over his air-conditioned suit, sparing a moment's sympathy for the rest of his team fighting on the ground amid the lovely New York-in-August miasma."Northern perimeter covered," came Fury's voice. "About fourteen robots neutralized. You're welcome.""Think that's Fury-ese for I Told You So," grunted Tony, dodging swipes from the gelatinous fuchsia and trying not to think of what went into industrial lunch meat. "JARVIS, memo, never bring commercial processed meats into the Tower.""Yes, sir. Organic only.""Good man."He caught a glint of sun off Steve's shield and glanced over at Steve, who somehow appeared to be single-handedly keeping a large group of poorly coordinated robots on the southern perimeter from attacking Natasha as she worked on the door to what looked like a control... outhouse. On wheels. "How's Widow?""Still trying to get into the control room," Steve said. "Widow, out of the way, I think you've got that hinge weakened enough." He paused, then flung his shield at the door. The door cracked open with a sound that was almost the exact opposite of what a rickety wooden outhouse door should sound like, heard even off-comm from Tony's position three blocks over."Cap, duck!" Hawkeye's voice was quickly followed by an arrow that passed over Steve's head and buried itself in a robot right behind him, shorting it out and causing it to spasm into the ones lurching up behind it. Steve nodded his thanks hurriedly, moving into the outhouse and picking up his shield on the way."Yes!" Tony crowed as the pink slime, goaded beyond reason - or what passed for reason for a house-sized blob of goo - sank into the water, hissing and, according to JARVIS's read-out, giving off a strong smell of cinnamon.He looked around. The destruction had been minimal. There was no sign of whoever had caused all of this, his team and the SHIELD agents all seemed sweaty and tired, but uninjured, and the robots were twitching aimlessly in the bright sunshine. Apparently Steve and Natasha had dealt with the control... toilet.Game over.


2.

"Director, I apologize for my actions today," Steve began, standing up as soon as Fury and Hill entered the briefing room.Clint traded a glance with Natasha. This oughtta be good."At ease, soldier," Fury said mildly. "You were a little preoccupied and I was distracting you.""I showed disrespect over an open comm line.""And what a thing of beauty that was," Tony grinned. Clint covered his smirk by grabbing and chugging down the nearest water bottle; no point pissing off the boss, and while an involuntary - and slightly embarrassingly high-pitched - giggle over the comm might be forgiven, he wasn't gonna compound it by egging Tony on during a meeting."I'm not your superior officer," said Fury. "And SHIELD's not really a military organization."Tony's eyebrows went up. Clint and Natasha's went down."Still, it was unprofessional of me.""Fine, apology accepted," said Fury, waving a hand and picking up a water bottle for himself. "Now, can someone tell me what happened here?"Clint cleared his throat. "Uh, looked to me like a giant wall of slime came down to find friends in Brooklyn, brought some robots that make Dummy look like the Iron Man suit, all controlled from an outhouse. I already wrote up my report," he said, and handed it to Fury.Fury rolled his eye and read it out loud. "Pink slime - dissolved. Robot chaperones - disabled. Outhouse HQ - flushed.""It's succinct," said Clint proudly."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Steve Feels
Tony also Feeels
Eventually they Feeels each other
Also SHIELD shenanigans
Internalized Homophobia
PTSD
Suicidal Thoughts
Grief
Abuse of Academy-award winning films
Team Bonding
Author is bad at tags
PLEASE DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVE SERIOUS TRIGGERS OR SQUICKS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

