Work Text:
Miscalculation: 


noun


noun: miscalculation; plural noun: miscalculations


an act of miscalculating; an error or misjudgement.
 Even though he was expecting it, Steve still jumped when in between his punches, Natasha Romanov appeared in his periphery. The assassin seemed to blink into existence, and Steve twisted to defend himself automatically, letting out a breath of relief when he realized it was his team mate.Even so, he knew better than to let down his guard around her, especially when her face was as blank as a sheet of empty paper. Steve had never been good at reading other people, but he liked to think that he could at least read how people were feeling at the moment. (He ignored the niggling at the back of his mind that reminded him how he never could understand Tony.) Natasha’s face now revealed nothing. She stood by the side of the gym, hands at her side, staring at him with impassive eyes.Steve fidgeted slightly, unnerved by her stillness.“Tasha?” he asked quietly.She didn’t so much as twitch, but her eyes sharpened.“When the Vienna news came out, and we were called in, I was prepared for Tony to lose it.” She began.Steve turned away, his heart sinking.Her eyes tracked his movement, but she didn’t budge from her position, “Imagine my surprise when Tony didn’t so much as blink.”“Nat…”“I was beyond surprised that he offered to send Barnes to a psychiatric facility.” She stated.Steve jerked in surprise, he hadn’t known that Tony had mentioned that little tidbit to her.Natasha interpreted his reaction correctly, and narrowed her eyes at him, “We were partners, keeping secrets from each other would’ve been counter-productive.” She said coldly.Steve flinched at the implication. “Nat,” he defended, “I wanted to tell him, believe me –”“You lied to me Rogers.” She spat, stalking closer, “I trusted you and you lied –”“You lie all the time too!” Steve threw out, regretting the words immediately.Natasha paused, something unreadable flashing across her face before she shut down even more. Steve winced, “Nat I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that –”“Yes you did.” She tilted her head up, “I lie all the time, that’s true. But it’s also my job to do so. Your hypocrisy is so –”“I’m just tired of everyone blaming me for this whole thing!” Steve snapped, throwing his arms in the air. “Fury, Rhodes, the team, you – I know I made a mistake, I know that I screwed up somewhere, but if everyone would just stop blaming me – I know what I did wrong, and I’m sorry, but there’s nothing I can do –”“Funny you should say that,” Natasha growled, “Considering the amount of grief you gave Tony about Ultron.”“I didn’t –”“Didn’t you? We were all there Steve, we all blamed him for Ultron. But you gave him the most hell about something that went out of his control.”Steve fell silent at that.The assassin pressed on, “Ask yourself Rogers, why would Zemo’s whole plan hinge on a single video? Why would he bank his whole plan on the chance that Tony didn’t know about his parents?”Steve knew the answer to that. It was because even a stranger could read him so well to know that he didn’t dare to tell his friend the truth. And Tony was his friend. He woke up in cold sweat at night, hearing Tony’s anguished ‘So was I’ over and over again. He hadn’t meant for the genius to think as though the past few years had been nothing, he hadn’t meant to sound like he chose Bucky over Tony (but he did didn’t he? He chose Bucky over all of them) but he couldn’t let Tony kill Bucky either.Sometimes his mind would whisper to him that if Tony truly wanted to kill them, all he needed to do was turn the unibeam on them. (the same unibeam that ripped through Bucky’s metal arm like a knife through butter)All the anger drained out of him, “I know Nat, believe me, I know. I wake up every day and I wonder how different things would go if I had just told him, but I was so afraid that he would hunt Bucky that I – I just, I told myself that I would tell him, but then Ultron happened, and then we had to train the new Avengers, and then this just came out of nowhere –”“Those are excuses.” She cut him off, “You had a dozen opportunities to tell him, but you never took it. You told me that you would tell him, and I trusted you to do it.”“Would you have done it? Tell him? Even though it would ruin him?”Natasha looked him steadily in the eye and replied, “Yes I would. Because he never got over his parents’ death, and because he deserves the truth after a life of betrayal.”Steve looked down.Natasha sighed, “Why didn’t you listen to me when I told you not to make things worse?”Steve lifted his head, “Nat, they were going to shoot Bucky on sight! How can I stand by and let them do that?”“They weren’t going to.”“Yes they were!” Steve stressed, “Sharon told me, she said that they had orders to shoot him on sight!”Natasha shook her head, “This is why you’re supposed to communicate with us Steve!” she hissed, “Tony and I managed to convince them to change the order to bring h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony isn't even in here
but he gets mentioned
alot
Hurt/Comfort
Natasha Is a Good Bro
poor steve
Team Tony

fandom: 
None
