Work Text:
The first time it was out of operational necessity.  SHIELD had the Black Widow following one of the resurrected HYDRA's agents, a ruthless killer with a subtle touch for death.  Nikoli was good, very good, properly paranoid, well-armed, and able to blend in the club crowd he'd chosen with appalling ease.  The only way to get him alone was to corner him in the bathroom.  And despite many movies’ action scenes to the contrary, cornering someone in a bathroom was not the best idea.  There was usually only one exit, too many hard surfaces, far too much potential for bullet ricochet, and too many ways to inadvertently kill an asset if someone slipped on a wet floor.But if the job were easy, they wouldn’t have given it to Natasha.  Clint and Steve were her backups, Clint covering her from above, Steve in the crowd, so modernly made up by one of SHIELD’s urban camouflage experts that it even took her a second look to find him.  Wearing leather pants and mesh shirt, his blonde hair shocked and spiked, he looked like any other dancer in the club. And while he might have blushed at the tight pants and see-through top, his determination to help had overridden any objections he might have made.That had turned out to be a godsend.“Come on,” Natasha said, laughing lightly as she pulled Steve inside the surprisingly clean and gleaming room, bright compared to the dimmer dance floor, the music dropping away as the door shut behind them.  She dropped her cheerful expression as abruptly as she’d put it on.“Natasha, he saw,” Steve warned, looking over his shoulder, hands clenched as if on the straps of his shield.“I nearly let him make me, so I damn well hope he saw.  He’ll be coming for us.  Steve, fuck me,” she said, reaching down and pulling her skirt up with one hand, flicking Steve in the chest so he’d be against the far wall, facing the door.Steve didn’t have to say what she knew he was thinking, because he had known her long enough to know she would give him an explanation.  Hopefully.  Natasha had reasons for everything she did.“He needs to think he’s mistaken about my identity; that will make him hesitate, and the last thing I’d do on a mission, as far as he knows, is this.”  Steve’s back was flat against the wall now, and he automatically held her up when she climbed up his body, her back to the door.  “And when you see him pause, turn us, and I’ll get him.”“We can’t just… make out?” Steve asked, the hard lump at his groin, probably agony in those tight pants, belying his polite words.“You saw what was going on on the dance floor.”  Natasha leaned closer, Steve’s skin warm against the half-naked skin of her chest, and whispered in his ear.  “People were doing everything but that in public.  If he gets suspicious, we’re dead.  I can’t do this alone, Steve.”Steve looked right in her eyes, and nodded very slightly.  Neither of them could hide much in the way of weapons in their clubbing gear, and Nikoli wouldn’t hesitate to take and kill hostages if they tried to get him on the dance floor.  They needed him alone.  They needed him vulnerable.And surprise was one of the greatest weapons to any soldier.“With your permission, ma’am?” Steve whispered, sounding a little strangled as Natasha’s clever fingers worked on the elaborate buttons confining him.“Granted.”  Natasha knew her eyes widened a bit when she maneuvered Steve’s cock into the open because, well.  Super all over, indeed.  “Now,” she hissed, and leaned forward to bite gently at Steve’s neck when he entered her.  By the time the door opened behind them, no one, not even Fury, wouldn’t have accepted that they were just a pair of lovers (or a random hook-up) so overcome with lust that they couldn’t deny themselves a second longer.  Natasha’s nails were scoring Steve’s back through his mesh shirt, and there were certainly going to be bruises on her hips from where he was guiding her onto his cock, using all of his strength to hold her at just the right angle.  It was only the very faint huff of amusement behind her, barely audible over their own soft moans and the slapping of flesh, that gave her any warning.  Steve turned, braced Natasha against the wall, his hips and hands giving her the stability she needed to grab the chemical dart hidden in her bra and throw it unerringly at Nikoli’s throat.Steve’s cock was a beautiful distraction inside her, but even Clint would have been proud of her throw as Nikoli collapsed, a dumbfounded expression smoothing out into unconsciousness.“Got him,” Natasha said with satisfaction, and tapped her earbud to get Clint down so they could secure their prisoner.  Steve still had his head down, supposedly to give her room to throw, but his hands were still very firm on her hips.And he was still very firm within her.Natasha’s lips quirked a little as she estimated the time until Clint got down out of the rafters.“Thank you,” she said, and tightened her legs around his waist when he would have pulled out.“Ma’am- Natasha?” Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Mildly Dubious Consent
Public Nudity
Sex Pollen
Fuck Or Die
Aliens Make Them Do It
Friendship/Love
Way More Serious Than I Meant It To Be

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

