Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It's not the explosion that wakes Tony up. He's not sure why, but his eyes snap open and he remembers that he's on the couch in the lab, having fallen asleep there for the second night in a row. His first thought is that Steve's going to be pissed at him because he promised to sleep on an actual bed tonight. His second thought was that something wasn't right.His confirmation to that was a loud explosion in the corner, and automatically Tony drops down to the floor and covers his head. It's not the first time there's been a boom in the lab. It comes with the territory. But Tony hadn't been working with anything explosive (that he recalled) and certainly not something that involved green smoke."What the fuck?" he said aloud to no one. Slowly, he carefully creeps forward. Dummy chirps alarmingly, his one clawed arm already ready with (dammit) a fire extinguisher. Before Tony can protest, he sprays it around the smoke and that's when Tony notices there's no fire. Not even a spark. Just a very darkened floor sprinkled with green (dust?). As the contents of the extinguisher, there's a sound of a cough. He whips around."Tony! Oh my God, are you all right?" He can hear Steve from the other side of the glass and waves him over. The access panel beeps and Steve runs in, shield at the ready, taking Tony's face in his hands. "Are you okay? What the hell happened?""I honestly have no idea." He frowns. "I was sleeping, I woke up, and this happened. So unless I've gotten the ability to make colorful explosions, I can safely say this wasn't my fault.""Well, then what caused it?" Steve demanded, but more to himself than anything. He already had his comm unit in his ear. "Natasha, send Bruce down here. Tony's fine, but maybe he can help us figure out what caused this explosion. Any sign of a threat?""Nada," Clint answered. "Jarvis says it's all clear, too.""Sir! I picked up an unknown life form, about 4 meters to your right." Jarvis announced. Both Steve and Tony looked around wildly, searching for an intruder.It's not what they're expecting. A young boy, pale and sporting a pair of cotton pajama pants and a green sweater, stumbled out from behind a cart. He was holding his head tenderly. "Mom?" he blinked, and then his eyes bulged. "Who are you?""Better question is, who are you?" Tony asked suspiciously. "How'd you get here, kid?""I woke up there!" the boy pointed to the cart again. "I don't even know where here is. Did you guys kidnap me?""No, we didn't kidnap you." Steve said kindly, just as Bruce ran down."What's going on here?" he asked carefully."You kidnapped me. Or I'd still be home." His brows furrowed. "My dad said I might be kidnapped if I'm not careful.""We didn't kidnap you." Tony said, exasperated. "What's your name? We can get you home in a few hours."The child regarded them with reproach. "My name is Anthony Stark." And then he passed out.The next four hours were a blur. When things go wrong within the Avengers, Coulson is called first. Once he’s called, Fury is notified. Tony is pretty sure Fury is extra furious that he’s been awoken from his bed of the blood of people who made fun of his eye (this is not far off from the truth, mind you). So, SHIELD was contacted about the explosion and that there was a boy claiming to be Tony in the Tower. In a flurry of activity and yelling, the team and a still unconscious little boy make their way to a secure SHIELD base in North Dakota. Tony left in his suit, cursing. The rest boarded a quinjet.Even though Tony could have gotten there a good half hour before the rest, he took his time and by the time he did arrive, Bruce was just finishing up checking a now awake "Anthony Stark" in the medical facility.He waved pointedly at the scientist and Bruce said something to the boy and quietly left the room."Well? Who is it?" Tony demanded."Tony-""Oh no you don't. Don't even go there. He can't…You can't honestly believe that's…me." He protested, glaring."Tony, I looked at the DNA results just a bit ago. He's answered every single question correctly. It's you. That is Anthony Stark, prodigy son of Howard Stark, age six."At first, it's such a shock to Tony he just stares at Bruce, unbelieving. It's not possible. There is no way that this little boy is Tony Stark from when he was six years old."He says to call him Anthony since he doesn't know us. I guess he, uh, you only liked to be called Tony by people you know."And then, it clicks. Because he can recognize himself as a little kid from photos, from newspaper clippings, from everywhere Stark is mentioned in the past. His mouth opens, and then closes. He can't find words."Tony?""Well, this should be a thrill." He finally managed, looking through the one way glass of the SHIELD medical room. Tiny Tony, or Anthony, was huddled in the thin blanket they'd given him, and while the position was very similar to that of a terrified child, his face was set into a thin line, looking suspiciously around the room. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
loki's kinda of a dick
Clint should not babysit
video gaming
Pillow Fights
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst and Humor
Implied Child Abuse
little Tony
steve would be a good daddy
alternate universe mind fuckery

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

