Work Text:
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Phil gasps in Clint’s ear.  His fingernails are biting hard into Clint’s hips, holding him firmly, giving him no room to do anything more than jerk forward into the mattress while Phil fucks down into him.Clint reaches out, grabs the side of the bed and drags them around so they’re on their sides, Phil’s sweaty chest pressed to Clint’s sweaty back.It kind of hurts, Clint hasn’t been fucked in so long, but it’s amazing, the sheets tangled around their legs, both of them writhing and pushing and pressing together, Phil swearing in his ear.“Coulson, fuck,” Clint grunts, turning his head and pressing his face into Phil’s clean-smelling sheets, biting down and tasting washing powder, managing to muffle his loudest groans.Phil’s arm slides around him, forcing him up and back until he’s half-sprawled backwards across Phil’s chest, Phil’s cock still snug inside him.“Okay?” Phil asks, low and clearly knowing he’s going to get a yes.“Fucking fan-” Phil rolls his hips up, fucking Clint deep and Clint loses his voice on a silent moan.  “-tastic.”“Here, come here,” Phil tells him, wrapping a hand around Clint’s inner thigh, spreading Clint’s legs wider, like he’s showing him off to an invisible audience.Fuck.  Clint shouldn’t have thought that; he already hurts from how hard he is.Clint twists, bracing his feet on the bed and clawing mindlessly at Phil’s arm, still thrown across his chest.  There aren’t a lot of people Clint would let pin him like this, but fuck it feels good, like he might explode and like that might be the best feeling ever.Phil turns his head, warm breath across the side of Clint’s face before he licks a wet stripe down Clint’s neck.Clint shivers, tipping his head back, yelling out loud when Phil cranes his head further forward and bites, teeth sinking into the fleshy place where Clint’s neck meets his shoulder. “Ow, shit, ow,” Clint complains, half-way between a laugh and a groan.  “Do that again.”“Like that?” Phil asks.  He bites higher this time, definitely above Clint’s collar.  He’s more careful of the thinner skin there, but the jolt that goes through Clint is even sharper.Clint’s hips jerk without his permission, looking for friction that isn’t there, and almost pulling Phil all the way out of his ass. Phil growls and tugs him back down.  “Hold still, Barton, for fuck’s – ”“You really want me to do that, sir?” Clint asks, rolling his hips around in a circle, biting his lip hard at the drag and stretch of his skin, the solid shape of Phil’s cock all the way inside.Fuck, when Phil brought him home tonight, he’d expected a quick fuck over the nearest flat surface and maybe a beer after, if he was lucky.  He hadn’t ever thought they’d go this long or this good.The hand that Phil was holding flat to Clint’s chest suddenly darts sideways and pinches Clint’s nipple, hard.  Clint curses and jerks forward, clenching down hard around Phil, so he doesn’t lose him again.It’s Phil who swears this time, but he only has himself to blame.  Clint’s starting to lose his breath, everything hot and heading toward too sensitive.  If Phil’s got plans for them to come at vaguely the same time, it’s going to have to be soon.Phil pinches Clint’s left nipple again, rolling it between his fingers, until Clint can’t stand it anymore and grabs Phil’s hand, dragging it down over his chest and belly and laying it flat over his cock.“Is that a hint?” Phil asks, sounding like he’s laughing.  Clint doesn’t care, Phil can laugh; his palm is rough and wide and, even without any pressure, it feels great on Clint’s cock.“If I say I’m too well brought up to give hints, will you laugh at me?” Clint asks, forcing his way to the end of the sentence.  It gets hard to talk about halfway through, when Phil wraps his fist around Clint’s cock and starts to jerk it. Phil’s hand feels amazing; he really knows what he’s doing.  He’s good at this and he isn’t going easy on Clint, which is fine by Clint, who never knows what to do when people try to be gentle with him.“Fuck,” Clint says sincerely, heat and twisting desperation starting to shoot up his legs, curl in his belly.  Phil’s thumb finds the head of his cock, flicking lightly with his nail.  It hurts and it’s great and, “Shit, I’m going to come.”“Yes,” Phil says, and whether that’s permission or just agreement, Clint doesn’t know, but he can’t stop now, shaking and choking out noises he can’t hold back, coming all over Phil’s fist and his own cock.He’s too far gone to do much but flop afterwards, while Phil huffs at him and rolls him over, hands going back to his hips and dragging him up onto his knees.“Okay, okay, go for it,” Clint mumbles into his folded arms. Phil bites the back of Clint’s neck and does, fucking him so that hard Clint’s knees slide on the sheets.  Clint slams his hands up, bracing them on the wall and making himself stable and solid so Phil can finish off inside him.The noises Phil makes when he comes are pretty spectacular.  Clint peels
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Fuckbuddies
Post Avengers (Movie)
Accidental Relationship
tipsy sex

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

