Chapter 1





Chapter Text


“Our boy Steve is the kindest man you’ll ever meet- used to get into fights a lot when he was younger, but I don’t think he’s thrown a punch since he turned eighteen!” 


 He kicks the nearest Hydra operative square in the chest and watches him go down. Widow takes the man to his left and Steve slams his fist into the jaw of the agent at his right.

 “He’s a real honest man; no secrets- always open.”

 He flinches as a knife manages to knick the side of his hand. Blood starts to seep from the wound quickly and he goes over what sort of excuses he hasn’t used for mysterious injuries yet. He thinks he’ll claim a filing cabinet accident for this one. 

 “And he works in insurance! We could never have afforded to live here without that.”

 He takes Hawkeye’s signal and throws his shoulder into the door of the base. They’ll be in, they’ll grab the target, and then Widow will burn the place to the ground. One less Hydra head to worry about, and the world will be a safer place. He checks his three o’ clock for any other operatives and then makes his move. 

 “Best part yet, Debra- he’s single! Your daughter would just love him, I know it.”

 He hears a bullet whiz past his ear and stops, watching a sniper fall from the shadows. He looks back over his shoulder and smiles. “Thanks, pal.” He says into the com. 

 “Gotta keep the husband happy.” A voice in his ear replies. 

 “Okay, kids, what have we said about using the com link for flirting?” Iron Man’s voice is crisp and unconcerned on the line. “Oh, but while we’re on the subject- Pepper, darling, dinner at six?”

 “He’s coming home for dinner tomorrow, actually! You should stop by!”

 “Target acquired.” Widow says. “Iron Man, use anything but a codename on the line again and Rescue and I will kill you personally.”

 “And we won’t be back by six.” Rescue replies. “I mean, props to you for actually planning on being late this time, but really?”

 “Remember, I do offer couple’s therapy.” Falcon snickers. 

 “Didn’t we get scolded for using the com line like a chat-room, like, a weak ago?” Hawkeyes asks. There’s an explosion in the background of Clint’s line. “My hearing aids can only take so much chatter.”

 “Sure, blame it on the hearing aids.” Tony sighs. “My state-of-the-art creation, might I add. A fifteen-billion dollar-“

 “Where’d you pull that number out of?” Clint asks. 

 “Same place you pull your hidden arrows outta’ buddy.” 

 “Guys, can you- can you not do this on the line?” Hulk sighs. 

 “But moooooooom.” Tony whines. 

 “Heading inbound- ETA five minutes.” Steve interrupts. “Sorry Hulk.”

 “Ugh, dad, why do you always take his side?” Tony moans. 

 Winter Soldier cackles. 

 “Knew you’d like that one, Frosty.” 

 Steve rolls his eyes and heads for the rendezvous point, unable to hide his grin. 

 “Well, I’d better be off. I’ll see you tomorrow; trust me, you’re just going to love Steve. He’s not a man of many surprises, haha, but he’ll definitely surprise your daughter!”

 “Dinner at the tower, crew?” Sam suggests. 

 “You cooking, Falcon?” Steve can’t help the laugh in his voice. 

 “I’m not the team mom; ask Hulk.”

 “Please don’t do this to me.” Bruce groans.

 “Dad, you’re up.” Sam says.

 Steve laughs a little. “If that’s the way it’s gonna work.”

 “As if he can cook.” Bucky drawls. “I’ll do it.”

 “I can cook!”

 “Ramen, maybe.” Clint chuckles. 

 “Bigs words from a man who can barely do mac and cheese.” Natasha helps.

 “And I thought we were friends.”

 “Take out’s already on the way.” Pepper helps. “Thai food good with everyone?”

 “Bless you, Rescue.” Bruce sighs. 

 “She’s the true team mom.” Tony says. 

 “Oh please.” Natasha quips. “She’s the team boss.”

 “I like that.” Pepper laughs. 

 “What happened to keeping chat off the line?” Bruce asks. 

 “Take up with Dad, Mommy- Cap hasn’t condemned us yet.”

 “Iron Man, you’re grounded when we get home.” Steve jokes. 

 “Damn it.” 

 “Langauge, son.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
hinted/implied Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
AU
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Secret Relationship
natasha and Bucky are bffs
Bucky and Steve are married
AU/Writing Prompt
Previous Steve/Peggy - Freeform
humor fic
Fluff
Smut
Sexual Content
Bucky and Steve are really bad secret keepers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
hinted/implied Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

