Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Standing behind the podium at the press conference, the day after he killed Obadiah, Tony weighed things carefully. He was used to doing that in engineering; not so much in life. Perhaps he ought to start. People seemed to feel impulse control was important. 
"Been a while since I was in front of you. I figure I'll stick to the cards this time."
He kind of wanted to blow the whole story, if only to piss this Coulson guy off. He could take credit, announce who and what he now was, but -- 
"There's been speculation that I've been involved in the events that occurred on the freeway...and the rooftop..."
There was Pepper standing at the back of the room, watching him, and he'd already put her in danger just by being alive. If he had any compassion he'd fire her. 
"I know it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story and another thing to make wild accusations." 
He was too selfish for that, but he wasn't so selfish he'd put her in any more danger just to satisfy his ego. 
"The truth is..."
He'd always liked keeping secrets.
"...that this 'Iron Man' -- catchy name, by the way -- has asked for his own sake and for the protection of his loved ones to remain unidentified." 
***
When Iron Man landed in front of Loki in Berlin, Cap said, "Iron Man."
"Captain," Iron Man answered. "Honor to meet you."
When Tony Stark walked onto the debriefing platform on the Helicarrier, Steve Rogers said, "Mr. Stark."
"Steve Rogers," Tony replied. "I heard they thawed you out."
"Met your bodyguard. Guy's a bit of a loose cannon."
"You'll find that's a Stark Industries trademark," Tony said, and continued on his way. "Hey, Point Break," he added to Thor. "Iron Man said to tell you he likes your swing."
***
Bruce Banner met him as a fellow scientist, no undue respect but no disdain. 
"Nah, you see," Bruce said to him in the lab, during the search for the Cube, "I don't get a suit of armor like Iron Man. I don't even get a bodyguard. I'm exposed. Like a nerve. It's a nightmare."
"Wanna see something cool?" Tony said. Bruce looked at him curiously, then nodded. Tony came over to where he was standing and peeled up the t-shirt he was wearing, then the long-sleeved shirt underneath it.
"Is that..." Bruce stared at it, and a look of awe filled his face. "Is that an arc reactor?" he looked up. "What's it doing in your chest?"
"I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart," Tony replied. "This," he tapped it, reassured as ever by the dull thunk, "stops it. It's the same tech that powers War Machine's suit, and Iron Man's." He looked down at the light. "What he does, the way he fights -- it's a terrible privilege. God knows why he still does it. I know it's important that he does."
"But he can control it," Bruce says.
"He learned how."
"I'd like to meet him sometime," Bruce said. "He must be an interesting man."
"I'm sure you will," Tony answered.
***
SHIELD, of course, was aware that Tony was Iron Man; that was unavoidable. But it was a high-level secret, and SHIELD was good at those. Still, he was careful not to slip up around them.
Because Tony Stark was an ass -- he'd made a career of being an ass -- but Iron Man was a hero. Iron Man was allowed to be kind, to be polite, even to be a little hokey sometimes. He fought hard, and he was stubborn, but he also admired Captain America, supported SHIELD, and was more capable than Tony of speaking openly and wholeheartedly about Stark Industries' new agenda of good work and ecological mindfulness. 
In a lot of ways, Tony liked Iron Man better than he liked himself. He understood why SHIELD had said Iron Man yes, Tony Stark no.
But considering SHIELD knew his secret, he thought it was only fair that he know a few of theirs.
***
"Big man hiding behind a bodyguard," Cap said, circling him, and Tony really did not like people walking behind him, heroic or otherwise. "When Iron Man's not here, what are you?"
"Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist," Tony answered. 
"I know guys with none of that worth ten of you," Cap said. "You and Iron Man combined."
Tony almost laughed in his face, but instead he went for the throat. "Knew," he said. "Who do you know now?"
Cap looked like he'd been slapped in the face, but he came right back. "I've read the files, seen the footage. You don't fight. You let him fight for you. That's all he fights for: you and a paycheck. You're just a mechanic, Stark, and he's a mercenary. Don't pretend either of you are heroes."
"Like you?" Tony answered. "I'd be careful when I sling around phrases like just a mechanic. I built Iron Man. My father built you."
***
When Loki's forces attacked the Helicarrier, Tony didn't even bother with an excuse. He'd think one up later. 
"Where's Stark?" Cap demanded, as soon as he was finished checking the relays.
"Safe," Iron Man answered, knocking out the last of the debris. "Think he said he was going to make sure the engines stayed online."
Tony would have a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Issues
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Alternate Universe
Publicity
unmasking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

