Chapter 1: The End?
    




Chapter Text
~*~It wasn't like Tony had set out to mother the Avengers.No, it wasn't like that at all, but it had surely ended in that fashion. Someway, somehow, his life had turned from depressive workaholic, alcoholic, everything-that-was-especially-harmful-holic to packing paper brown bag lunches and personally sending out clothes to the cleaners.Personally - he hadn't even sent his own laundry out pre-Avengers.But, it wasn't like Tony had set out to mother the Avengers. They had simply gotten out of hand, all of them very well established in the Stark-turned-Avengers tower (and if the new title wasn't the physical embodiment of his entire life at the moment, he wasn't really sure if anything else would suffice; it was reminiscent of a slightly more dangerous version of Kate Plus Eight). Living with each other, saving each others lives, practically sticking to one another (physically sticking together once, it was a long, sweaty night in Istanbul beneath a caved building). Tony wouldn't ignore the feelings he'd started to develop, all of them maternal and family-centric, but he wouldn't focus on them either, because holy shit.It was hard to deny the fact that all of the variables had managed to add up, like the gods (or Fury, there wasn't really a difference sometimes) had purposely thrown them all into a blender (Tony imagined a godly pinky dipping lazily into the top of the concoction, disappearing behind a massive beard as whatever force that had decided to toss them together deemed the mixture edible enough). The team was bonded in a way that was more redolent of a big, dysfunctional family than what they were on paper - coworkers.Clint had only laughed at the C word, the group of them sitting patiently as rescue crews made their way through the transcontinental Istanbul. Clint had divided the humid air with heavy arms, hands curved around Tony's shoulders as he smacked his lips (sloppy, always sloppy with Clint - the fact that Tony could differentiate the lips of his coworkers should've been worrisome; at that time, the only thing he could worry about was the way the building they were trapped under had reminded him of Afghanistan) to the brunette's cheek."Must be a family business then, 'cause I don't know any coworkers" Clint shifted, guiding Tony's unmasked head onto his shoulder with gentle, calloused fingers; despite the heat surrounding them, Clint had strived to take advantage of Tony's weary state. "who hold each other like this."Tony didn't have the heart (or energy, for that matter, they'd needed a lot of aerial support before the building had fallen atop them.) to shove him off, letting his exhaustion drown out the not-so-little voice in his head that had been screaming at him.Tony could only tell himself that even if the rubble around him shifted into his least favorite cave when he'd drifted off, Clint could keep him grounded; there definitely hadn't been an overzealous archer in Afghanistan whose main mission was to cling - it would've been a bit more pleasant that way.There hadn't ever been anyone who had wanted to cling to Tony for the sake of clinging - in the moment that Tony had realized that, his entire life had already evolved.
Tony Stark: Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist, Team Mom?
　　Fury, the fucking bastard, had started all of it.Tony had been slaving over prototypes in the lab when Jarvis had notified him of the guests awaiting him in the lobby. Guests of which Tony had not expected. Tony didn't get guests. Guests didn't get Tony. Therefore, Tony did not expect nor want guests.He was a sleep deprived, blubbering idiot by the time he had managed to compute what exactly Jarvis had said.He hadn't been the one to invite them. Fury and his sneaky sneaky spy shit had caused it. Fury had told the team that Tony had spaces ready and furnished (which he admittedly did, but it was not for the team, at least, it hadn't been. R&D had been the ones needing extra room - Tony wasn't stupid or gullible, building floors for strangers in the hopes that they'd move in?He wasn't in a fucking Disney movie, this was reality).A week later, Tony had found a team full of superheroes, bags slung over their shoulders, smiling brightly and conversing (they'd connected over at SHIELD after the Battle of Manhattan, since none of them had had a place to go). Tony had felt a sudden feeling of misplacement in his own home as he descended onto the ground floor of the tower, watching the group through the CCTV that Jarvis had projected in front of him. They looked so comfortable and at ease. Bruce had even smiled a few times, muttering words that Tony couldn't hear to the group. Laughter erupted on the hologram just as the elevator doors opened.All at once, Tony was thrown into the same projection he'd been viewing. The laughter had quieted down as the elevator dinged his arrival, but he could still see the friendliness between them. It rivaled the nervous posture he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Eventual Bucky/Natasha
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Team Mom Tony
Stony - Freeform
team dad steve
Tony-centric
Nervous Tony
Shy Tony - Freeform
Angst and Humor
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Team Dynamics
coming together
Panic
Meddling Clint
Clint just wants a family
Tony becomes team mom
Parent Tony Stark
kind of
Bucky calls Tony ma
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Avengers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Eventual Bucky/Natasha
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

