Work Text:
"I can do this. I can do this. I can do this, right, JARVIS?""Yes Sir.""Right." Tony forced a confident smile, nodded at the mirror and turned to reach for the door. He wrapped his fingers around the knob, but couldn't bring himself to actually twist it. Several quiet seconds ticked by while he stared down at his hand."Sir?" JARVIS prompted, breaking the spell."I am so pathetic," Tony groaned, falling against the door in complete despair.  He couldn't do this.Things had been going so well between him and T'Challa. Like, surprisingly well. After a slightly rocky start - because both of them were incredibly busy men with a lot of demands on their time, and that meant it was difficult to find five minutes to spend together, never mind a whole night - Tony would go so far as to say that their relationship was something serious. He could look at T'Challa and picture some kind of future for them, though they'd never discussed it.They also hadn't talked about taking things to the next level, but Tony knew it was coming. Of course it was. It was the logical next step, especially since they'd just had a very romantic dinner to celebrate their six month anniversary. And it wasn't like he didn't want it to happen. T'Challa had starred in more than one jerk off fantasy since Tony had first met the guy years ago; he was looking forward to getting T'Challa undressed, seeing him naked for the first time and then having some fun.Except..."Shit," Tony muttered, sinking down onto the floor and letting his head fall back with a thump.See, he'd meant to bring this up to T'Challa somewhere around their third date. Except one thing led to another, doombots attacked, and the conversation just never happened. It was easier to push it off and pretend that he was never going to have to admit it. Ever.And technically, he didn't have to say anything. It was Tony's business. But he also knew that, no matter how understand T'Challa was, he'd still be a little upset and disappointed if Tony didn't tell him beforehand. That was just the kind of amazing, sappy guy that T'Challa was was.Right now, Tony kind of wished he could be a little less amazing."Tony?" T'Challa knocked on the door. "I heard a thump. Are you okay?""I'm fine. I dropped something," Tony lied, scrambling to his feet and opened the door.T'Challa smiled at him, and immediately Tony found himself smiling back. He took a step forward, loving the way that T'Challa's arms lifted automatically. Never in his life had he had someone who was so willing to give him affection (and unconditional affection, at that, which was still something he had a hard time wrapping his head around), and Tony soaked it up like a sponge."Are you ready for dessert?" T'Challa asked, lips brushing the top of Tony's head. "I asked the chef to make us something special. She promised that you would love it.""Um... I need to tell you something first," Tony said slowly. He tightened his grip when T'Challa made to take a step back; he couldn't say it while looking T'Challa in the face. It was too embarrassing."Okay," T'Challa said, clearly confused. "I'm listening.""I..." Tony trailed off.He licked his lips and tried again. "I'm a -"Shit. He couldn't do it. Couldn't say it."The thing is, I -"He squeezed his eyes shut."I'm a..."The silence lengthened, until T'Challa broke it. "Tony, you know you can tell me anything -""I'm a virgin!"The words came out much louder than Tony intended; thank god for the excellent soundproofing in the palace, or that information would've gone a lot further than he wanted. The last thing he needed was Clint or Bucky finding out. He kept his eyes closed, locking his trembling hands in the back of T'Challa's suit jacket, and let the words just spill out."I guess it started after I graduated from MIT. I was so much younger than everyone there that no one would touch me. Statutory rape and all, and also Rhodey was too protective, but he couldn't stop me from spinning stories. No one really knows what goes on at those parties what with all of the alcohol and drugs, and I was Howard Stark's kid, young and rich, and why wouldn't they believe me?"But afterwards... there was this girl, she was drunk and cute, and I was drunk, and she came home with me but she passed out. I put her into bed in a guest room and let her sleep it off. I guess she was embarrassed or something because she told everyone she'd slept with me."His grip got a little tighter, remembering how Stane had come in the next morning after her story hit the papers and clapped him on the back hard enough to bruise. Proud of him for finally becoming a man. The truth had turned to ash in Tony's mouth, and he couldn't say a damn thing. Couldn't admit that he was still a virgin, when even Howard looked at him differently."It just... just kept happening. Well, I was a major partier. So I guess it's not surprising that every girl I came into contact with was drunk or high. Of course, none of them wanted to admit that she wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
no spoilers tho
Jarvis lives
First Time
Established Relationship
Anal Sex
Rimming
Fingering
Loss of Virginity
Virgin Tony
Shy Tony - Freeform
embarrassed tony
Fluff
A little bit of angst
Porn
Porn with Feelings
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
t'challa spoils tony
basically that trope where virgin tony has really good sex with a lover
but with t'challa
because why not
Nicknames
names of endearments
Bottom Tony
top t'challa

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

