Work Text:
“It has happened again.”
 
Hogun the Grim is the one to announce it. Grim news from a grim man.
 
Silence falls around the fire. The easily frightened, such as they can be among the tribe of the Aesir, known for its fearlessness and valour, look down, contemplating, while the more daring turn accusing gazes to Odin One-Eyed.
 
Odin straightens, paying no mind to them, eye trained only on the group of warriors that has come to bear the news in front of the ring of elders and alphas.
 
“Where is he now?”
 
“Bound,” Sif replies tersely. The woman warrior flicks her dark hair irritably. There is a gash on her cheek, still oozing blood. “Out back.”
 
Odin nods.
 
“Gather a group. Ten or less.” A hush of whispers can be heard around the fire. “The Jotuns are camped not three days north, gathering. There must be one among them that will suit.”
 
“But if we attack and steal an omega from them, they will-”
 
Odin cuts the dissenting voice off. “If we have the omega, we will also have Thor, clear-headed and unchallenged.”
 
There is nothing to be said after that.
 
Thor, the Berserk, the most powerful alpha in living memory and beyond, is both the pride and the true power of the Aesir. He fights with almost god-like strength and is capable of single-handedly leading his tribe to victory against any opponent who dares challenge them. His strength allows him to slay more enemies than even an ordinary alpha could, but he is also a leader, inspiring the other fighters to throw themselves forward without care and die for victory of the tribe.
 
But that is the bright side of his ability, the shining ideal.
 
Berserks suffer when unmated, their hot blood running too hot. The more Thor fights, the wilder he is and eventually, he forgets who his enemies are and is able to turn onto his own tribe.
 
The myths about berserks are clear – a mated alpha will be tamer. A mated berserk will harvest his own wild power and rule over it.
 
But there are no omegas in the Aesir tribe anymore. They are never born from their lines and the last one present was a valued thrall of Odin's, but she died more than five years ago, before Thor reached maturity. They can easily breed with only alphas and betas, but there's no beta in the world that could soothe the fire inside of Thor, son of Odin.
 
Sif takes one last look around the gathering fire, satisfied that her orders are clear. The dissent has quieted. Nobody has even dared to suggest that Thor be put down. Odin, despite his age, is still a strong leader. She jerks her head and the group of warriors follows.
 

 
 
a week later
 

 
 
Loki shivers and ducks his head lower, hiding his cold nose in the fur they provided for him. He aches from being manhandled and from being tied to a horse for an entire day, before they decided he could be trusted to stay ahorse and ride with them, certain that he wouldn't throw himself to the ground and run back, being too far from his tribe to be able to return on foot and alone. Things got slightly better, after, but his already strained and burning muscles were granted no reprieve as he had to keep riding anyway. It took two more days before they arrived and Loki silently curses himself for wishing the hellish journey came to an end. Now that it did, he thinks he would rather stay on horseback forever than face what might happen to him in this strange village.
 
People with yellow and red hair are coming out of stone huts and looking at him openly, murmuring and pointing. The woman who led the group that took him, Sif, guides her horse closer to him. He sees why a moment later. Among the whispering villagers, a group of alphas emerges, pushing at each other and yelling something he can't make out but isn't hard to guess. He can smell the sharp, nervous energy on them and curls even tighter on himself, afraid.
 
The woman leads him to one of the huts and helps him dismount, keeping a firm grip on his shoulder as she pushes him inside. The door shuts behind him, cutting off almost all the light. His senses tell him she stays on the other side of the door, replaced a while later by two betas that weren't in the group that took him.
 
Their presence is unobtrusive and Loki takes a shaky breath.
 
He's alone.
 

 
He wakes up suddenly, startled to learn he fell asleep in the first place. The hut is empty and so he's fitted himself against the wall, using the fur both for comfort and warmth. It's large enough that he can and he runs his fingers through the softness, wondering what kind of an animal it came from. He's certain he's never seen one as big.
 
The door opens a while later and he sits up hurriedly. He can glimpse a darkened sky before it closes again; not night yet, but it soon will be. It's the woman, Sif, who's come in and she hands him a plate with pieces of meat and something strange and gluggy, along with a tall dish that carries, as he discovers after sniffing it, water.
 
“Eat,” she orders, slightly unnecessarily. He's famished and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Berserker Thor
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Mating
Mating Bond
Knotting
Rough Sex
Drugged Sex
POV Multiple

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

