Work Text:

Steve stared at the peaceful scene in front of him with a pleased smile playing on his lips. He couldn’t be happier with his two mates in the same bed. Sharing the same life with the person he loved the most, was something that never though he could have. Not till that moment.


“What are you smiling at punk?” Bucky mumbled from the other side of the bed, face buried in Tony's hair, but with a little smile forming on his lips, nuzzling the soft locks. “I can smell the satisfaction pouring out of you… and like, first thing in the morning is way too much” ended the man. Cracking an eye open Bucky looked up at the blond, not moving an inch from his curled position around the sleeping Omega, pulling the smaller man closer with a content sigh.


Shaking his head, Steve lightly stroked one hand down Tony’s naked side, making the man sigh and shiver under him, curling in on himself to cover the arc reactor with both hands.


“Nothing,” Steve started with a growing smile on his face “just thinking.” He slipped his hand lower and lower with feather light touch, till he reached Tony ass where a new hand joined his making him stop and raise an eyebrow at the other Alpha.


“What?” Bucky asked, starting to move both hands toward the Omega’s leaking hole, scooping out some cum that had dripped out after their nightly activity, and pushing it back with a satisfied smirk on his face. After few second and a nod, seeing that the omega didn’t moved aways from his touch, he  began to move both his and Steve's finger around the red puffed ring of muscle, before moving his eyes toward Steve, and then toward Tony who shivered at the little gesture without waking up.


“Buck.” Steve warned with a small growl shaking his head, but not doing anything to move his hand away or stop the other Alpha.


“Hush, and let’s have some fun before, our little sunshine need to fly away for work.” ended Bucky taking one of Steve fingers with his and started to push them slowly inside of Tony’s hole, finally gaining a reaction from the Omega in the form of a soft sigh.


“Oh my god…” Steve breathed out, voice husky and low with a growing need, moving his hand in synchro with Bucky’s, and laying down with his head back on the pillow, just in front of Tony face, leaning in to kiss the man forehead, eyelid, nose and cheek but never on the lips.


A throaty moan reached their ears after few second of work, followed by a confused “Wha…” and the Omega pushing back on their finger searching more friction.


“Shhh” Bucky whispered, kissing Tony’s neck and leaving a little trail of red dots on the Omega skin. “Let us take care of you sweetheart, we just want to show you how much we are gonna miss you over the next few days.” Bucky mumbled into kiss bitten skin, nipping with a bit with more force than necessary at the bond mark on his shoulder, arching his hips forward to grinding his erection against Tony’s lower back.


“I hate both of you” mumbled Tony closing again his eyes, and moving his hands, trying to latch on to something or someone.


“No you don’t.” Steve whispered, reaching down to take Tony’s hands with his free one, before lifting them to his mouth and leaving there a kiss.


“No I don’t.” agreed Tony, opening again his eyes and fixing them on Steve’s blue ones. “But if one of you are gonna leave more mark on my neck I’m gonna kill you both” he continued with a little smile playing on his lips. 


“Now, you two move on with what you’re doing because…” Tony stopped and moved to look over Steve’s shoulder at the watch on the side of the bed “I need to be on that damn plane in about two houuuuaaaah…”


“Stop ignoring me.” Bucky growled from behind punctuating with a twist of his fingers, brushing against his prostate. “You’re not going anywhere till we are finished here, and you smell only of us.” Slipping in a second finger, Bucky crooked them both to make the Omega squirm under him, and push back when he slowly began to draw them out.


“No!” Tony cried out when the delicious pressure inside of him vanished, moving his ass a little just to rub against Bucky erection, making the Alpha growl at the pressure, and grind against the now leaking and wet hole.


“Tony.” Steve started, affection lacing every word, moving their joined hand’s down toward his own erection. “we’re to take care of you, but you need to understand that everyone needs to know you’re taken, and no one can touch you because you belong to us…” He stopped his little speech turning Tony face toward his, and leaving little kisses on his closed eyelid, licking away the tears that managed to sneak past. “Only to us,” he ended, moving toward Tony’s lips and kissing them tenderly.


“Yours.” mumbled Tony grinding back against Bucky’s erection, while wrapping his hand around Steve's cock, starting up the slow, steady rhythm he knew Steve liked. 


“Oh fuck” The blond hissed, snapping his hips up into the hand wrapping around him, precum dribbling over the brunette's fingers.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Implied Mpreg
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
alternative universe
Soulmates
Anal Fingering
Knotting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

