Chapter 1: A Heart of Kindness (HARRY POTTER X UNDERTALE CROSSOVER)
    


Summary:

A Harry Potter X Undertale Cross-OverADOPTABLEThis was the original idea for my PotterTale AU (Lost and Found) where instead of Harry being taken in by the skelebros, he's taken under Frisk's wing before they fall into the Underground. So basically a young Harry (or 'Lark' in this story, because honestly I'm not a big fan of the name 'Harry') joins Frisk in their adventures. I never got past the first chapter before I came up with a better idea (which you see in Lost and Found), so this story idea is adoptable!Just comment if you want to use it and you're good to go!





Chapter Text

 A Heart of Kindness 
  
     Boy had been excited when Aunt and Uncle had told him that they were taking him across the ocean for his sixth birthday after the nice lady from Number 3 had asked if Boy would be attending school this fall while he had been out trimming Aunt 'Tunia's prized rose bushes. Uncle Vernon hadn't been very happy when Aunt 'Tunia had dragged him inside, and Boy had been expecting to be beaten for talking with the nice normal people, but instead, Uncle had told him that he would be coming along on their trip to the Americas.

     Watching the large expanse of blue-blue water pass under them had been fun (and it was his first time seeing so much water in one place before and Boy was stunned and the beauty), and Aunt 'Tunia had even gone to get him his very own clothes from the church donation bin for the trip (sure, the jeans were a few sizes too big and the gray t-shirt had a hole under the arm, but they were his - Duddy had never even worn them once). He didn't even have to sit with the Dursleys, who were seated in the business class, instead he had been placed in the economy class beside a kind old woman with skin the colour of the chocolate cake Duddy liked so much, who had knitted him a pretty dark blue scarf over the nine hour plane ride. She had talked a lot about her daughter and daughter-in-law who lived in Canada with their son, her grandson, who was around Boy's age, she had even given him the small book she had been reading and had helped him stumble his way through the first chapter. When she fell asleep after finishing the simple but pretty scarf, Boy had stashed his new things away in the old messenger bag Aunt 'Tunia had given him to keep his measly belongings in, that with his new scarf and book, held two pairs of old socks, an extra pair of underwear, a leather-bound notebook that Boy had swiped from Duddy's rubbish bin, and a few brand-new pencils that he had found under the bed in Duddy's second bedroom.

Boy was surprisingly lucky this year.

     Things started going downhill, however, when the plane landed in the airport and the nice lady had shuffled away towards a pair of women, one of which had the same complexion as the older woman and must have been her daughter, and the other with pale hair, a smiling boy stood beside them who grinned brightly when the elderly lady approached. The woman waved as he pushed his way through the crowds and he smiled and waved back shyly before exiting the large building, pulling a folded piece of paper out of his pocket as he did so unfolding it to study the mess of lines.

Aunt 'Tunia had given him the map before they got on the plane with the order to follow the highlighted route and meet them at the place she had circled.

     He glanced from the map to the streets, then back to the map.

     This was going to be a long walk.

 

。・゜゜・ ✿ ・゜゜・。

 

     It was already dark by the time Boy reached the car lot that had been circled on the map, throat parched and feet throbbing in his ill-fitting trainers, his breath ripping from his lungs in ragged gasps. He doubled over in pain as he looked around, trying to find any sign of his relatives in the darkened lot.

But Boy was alone and feeling really confused.

"Yo!"

-and then he wasn't.

     Another kid was trotting towards him, one with golden-toned skin and neck-length chocolate hair. "You the kid the horse-woman was talking about?" Now that the (boy?girl?) was closer, Boy could see their half-lidded eyes were a dark brown that almost looked red in the dim street lighting.

Horse-woman? The older kid must've been talking about Aunt 'Tunia - Boy cringed slightly at the thought of how his Aunt would react to the title, wasn't this kid afraid of getting punished?

     "She gave me a lot of money to give this to you." The older kid was saying, handing him a small white plastic bag and a folded napkin, a small frown on their face.

Boy was confused, unfolding the napkin and struggled through reading the few words printed on it.

'Don't come back'

"I don't think they're coming back, kid."

Boy looked up, the situation not quite sinking in yet.

"You got anywhere else to go?"

     He shook his head.

     No, Boy had nowhere else to go, the Dursleys were the only family Boy had, and no one else would be willing to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Frisk (sibling-like)
Apollo (Percy Jackson)/Harry Potter
Tallstar/Jake
either Harry Potter/Wally West or Harry Potter/Dick Grayson
Harry Potter/Sting Eucliffe
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harry Potter/Robb Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Harry Potter/Senju Tobirama
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Jenny of Oldstones/Duncan Targaryen
Harry Potter/Duncan Targaryen
Catelyn Stark/Ned Stark
CC-2224 | Cody/Obi-Wan Kenobi

freeform: 
adoptable story ideas
story spoofs
cross overs - Freeform
Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Gender-Neutral Frisk
Frisk adopts Harry Potter
Kid Fic
Kid Harry Potter
Renamed Harry Potter
god!harry
half-blood harry
Apollo needs more love
Half-Blood Den Mother Harry
Male Slash
fem!Jake - Freeform
Tallstar is Firestar's father
Super Edition: Book 6: Tallstar's Revenge
Super Edition: Bluestar's Prophesy
Book 1: Into the Wild
Harry Potter is Skull (Reborn)
Kryptonian!Harry
Twins Clark and Harry
Adopted Harry Potter
Team Feels
Superhero Harry Potter
Book 4: Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Reborn Harry Potter
House Stark
Mentions of incest
Joffrey is a shit
God Slayer Harry Potter
Yaoi
Scars
burn scars
Attempted Murder
Abusive Dursleys
Sting is precious
Female Tony Stark
Unhealthy Relationships
Near Death Experiences
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Song Lyrics
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
Extremis Tony Stark
Steve Goes to Prison
steve rogers is a bully
Memories
Moving On
Pining
Consequences
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Bisexual Male Character
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
pre-pairing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Autistic Lila Barton
Protective Laura Barton
Awesome Laura Barton
Divorce
Laura Barton is Kate Bishop
SHIELD Agent Laura Barton
no beta we die like men
A Thousand Lifetimes
Sequel
Naruto-verse
Tobirama lives
Namikaze Minato Lives
Uzumaki Kushina Lives
The Kyuubi Attack
Miscarriage
Period-Typical Sexism
Sexism
Female Harry Potter is Jenny of Oldstones
Female Harry Potter
Immortality
Harry Potter is Helaine Baratheon
Labour
Birth
Stillbirth
Midwives
Jon Snow is a Targaryen
Dragons
Post-Order 66
Female Obi-Wan Kenobi

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Frisk (sibling-like)
Apollo (Percy Jackson)/Harry Potter
Tallstar/Jake
either Harry Potter/Wally West or Harry Potter/Dick Grayson
Harry Potter/Sting Eucliffe
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harry Potter/Robb Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Harry Potter/Senju Tobirama
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Jenny of Oldstones/Duncan Targaryen
Harry Potter/Duncan Targaryen
Catelyn Stark/Ned Stark
CC-2224 | Cody/Obi-Wan Kenobi

