Work Text:
Every superhero in New York avoided the Kitchen like the plague.Territories may be a thing of the past according to the law, but Daredevil seemed to give negative shits about that. He was an alpha with pheromones like freight trains, and he had so thoroughly marked out Hell's Kitchen to the point only the Punisher entered and exited freely. The Avengers – the Avengers – asked permission. Daredevil might've pissed around the perimeter, honestly. Like most, Spider-Man didn't like swinging through there if he could help it, the mix of pheromones and mild fear (of both Daredevil and maybe Punisher, depending on the day) making it a distinctly unfun route.But there was construction up and down Manhattan, making Hell's Kitchen the only viable path through the island. Peter figured if he made it fast, no long stops, Daredevil probably wouldn't care too much, especially since he was a fairly inoffensive omega and not another alpha invading his space—Peter swung through the Kitchen, landing on the roof to catch his breath for a moment and plan his next move. He was barely there for a minute when footsteps landed, heavy and loud, behind him. Peter cursed."Hey, Daredevil," Peter said, turning to see the Devil of Hell's Kitchen just standing and staring at him. "Just passing through, be out of your hair in a minute.""Spider-Man," Daredevil growled. His smell was damn rude, Peter thought, like the man was in permanent rut. "Did you see an SUV go into the building across from here?"Peter blinked, rather shocked at the polite inquiry, and looked at the building across the street. Sure enough, a black SUV pulled up to it, a garage door opening and letting it inside. Spider-Man looked back at Daredevil and said, "Yeah, it just entered it actually. Something the matter?""Drug dealers," Daredevil said with absolute venom. "Pouring some kind of tainted product into the streets...people are ODing off of it, and I'd rather it be gone.""Do you want some help?"Peter's mouth once again acted without his brain's agreement, and Daredevil was silent for a long, awkward moment. He wasn't looking at Peter, but it was obvious his full attention was on Peter."Fine," he said. "Just follow my lead. They are packing serious firepower. They can't be alerted all at once.""I'm not a delicate flower," Peter said with an eye roll, making his way to the edge of the roof. "I've dealt with drug dealers before.""Most vigilantes have," Daredevil said evenly. "I just think this is a front for a bigger operation.""Bigger than a drug ring?" Peter asked, surprised."Nothing is straightforward here," Daredevil said darkly. "Come on, before they leave."They entered through the roof, the building dark and murky. Even with his improved night vision, Peter had to step carefully while Daredevil moved through the dirty and cluttered space with the same proud stride he always had. Peter had to jog lightly to keep up with him. Maybe it was an alpha thing, not letting weaknesses like not having the vision of a cat show.They came to a stairwell, the dealers just past it, and Daredevil gestured to bring it in to formulate a plan on the landing."I can climb up to the ceiling and surprise them," Peter suggested. "Maybe take out the light, then you can swoop in and we start taking care of business?"Daredevil tilted his head, considering, and added, "Your webbing can disable a gun, correct? Try to eliminate as many as possible. And take out the light, if you can see in the dark."Okay, how that last sentence was worded definitely added evidence for Peter's 'Daredevil is a Vampire' theory, but Peter began his crawl up the wall and to the ceiling above the drug dealers' little pow-wow.And okay, that was a lot of drugs. Like crates on pallets amounts of drugs. And everyone had a double-barrel shotgun at the minimum. Daredevil was not, in fact, messing around. Peter crawled up to the light, no one bothering to look up, and broke it, plunging the room into chaotic darkness. He then shot webbing at as many guns he could reach from his ceiling perch before Daredevil came bursting into the room.Daredevil was almost as flippy and acrobatic as Peter, but he had a weight class on him and his kicks landed with crunches and fractures. Peter jumped down on, crushing a guy to the ground, and joined in the fray, dodging through Daredevil's path of destruction. Confused, scattered, and disarmed, it was easy to take them down to the floor and make them stay there.The dealers safely unconscious and webbed-up, Daredevil stalked over to the crates of drugs and picked up one tightly wrapped package. He ripped it open and sniffed the contents, mouth a hard line."Tainted," he said, throwing the package back into the crates. He then took a deep breath and turned to Peter. "Thank you, for your help.""No problem, dude," Peter said with a shrug. "Glad I could help."Actually, Peter was glad he could help — the drug thing seemed deadly serious, and it seemed Daredevil's growly, smelly act was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Courtship
Meet-Cute
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker

