Work Text:
Thor had assured them the spell would only last a few days. Maybe a week. It wasn’t designed to be long term.
Still though, when they had finally knocked out Enchantress and were able to attend to Tony, they had found a terrified eight year old boy inside the Iron Man suit.
Fury had not been happy.
**
“We’ll just have to babysit for a couple of days, right?” Clint asked.
Thor had a sheepish look on his face, like Enchantress’ attack and Tony’s subsequent dilemma had been his fault.
Steve looked past the archer into the room on the helicarrier where a doctor was examining Tony. An oversized t-shirt had him looking smaller then he actually was. Young Tony had hardly said a word the whole time, obediently doing whatever the doctor told him. He kicked his heels against the examination table, clearly bored.
Steve sighed. “I suppose it could be worse. Who wants to call Ms. Potts?”
The rest of the team didn’t meet his eyes.
“Perhaps,” said Thor somewhat meekly. “We may wait to inform her of The Man of Iron’s current predicament?”
Steve huffed. “Traitors.” But honestly, it wasn’t something he was looking forward to either.
**
They brought Tony back to the tower after he had been cleared by the SHIELD doctors. It seemed the arc reactor had disappeared with Amora’s spell, and for that Steve was grateful. He was positive an invasive device suddenly appearing in the middle of a kid’s chest would freak him out even more. Natasha and Clint had traveled separately, so they could pick up some kids’ clothing for Tony. The whole way back in the quinjet, Tony sat buckled up, staring at Steve with wide eyes. It made Steve slightly uncomfortable. He tried making small talk.
“Do you like New York?” he tried.
The small boy shrugged. He still didn’t say anything, continuing to alternate between staring at Steve and silently studying things he could see in the Quinjet. Steve tried to cover the awkward silence while Bruce and Thor gave him appreciative looks.
**
They arrived at the tower, Steve beckoning Tony to unbuckle and follow him inside.
Tony followed slowly, cautiously. It was so different from the Tony they were familiar with. The boy’s eyes traveled over the sides of the landing pad, but he didn’t seem afraid of the heights. That was the same, at least.
When they made it inside, Bruce spoke. “Tony, can I get you something to eat or drink?”
“Juice?” Tony asked hopefully. “Please,” he quickly added.
Bruce smiled. “Of course,” he said, going towards the fridge.
Thor kneeled down so he was looking Tony in the eyes. “Young Anthony, would you honor me by sitting at the table? Perhaps Steve Rogers may join us as well.” He gave a huge smile.
Tony giggled. “You talk funny.”
“Indeed,” Thor agreed, pulling out a chair. Tony hopped up onto it, his oversized t-shirt folding over his thighs like a nightgown. He thanked Bruce for bringing a glass of juice over to him. Bruce, not wanting to crowd the young boy, started preparing his own tea away from the table.
“Sir?” Tony asked quietly. He was looking at Steve who had sat in another seat at the table. He had pulled his cowl off long ago, but was still wearing his full uniform.
Steve smiled. “You can just call me Steve,” he assured the small boy.
Tony shook his head vehemently. “I’m not supposed to call adults by their first names,” he said.
“I only have one name. You can call me Thor. Thus, I think it is acceptable if you call Steve by his given name.” Thor assured him. Tony still hesitated.
“Can I ask you a question?” Tony said instead, dodging the name issue. Steve blinked. He definitely was not used to Tony being polite. He started to wonder when all this had gone out the window. Teenage years, probably.
Instead, he smiled down at the small boy. “Sure. You can ask me anything.”
“Are you really Captain America?” Tony said in disbelief.
“I am,” Steve said.
He had sort of been expecting what he saw on other kids’ faces both during the war and now. He was expecting a little shock and amazement, or some enthusiasm. Instead, Tony’s brow crinkled up in confusion and he tilted his head slightly. Steve’s smile quickly melted at the boy’s next words.
“But if you’re here…where’s my dad? He looks for you all the time. So now that you’re found…why isn’t he here?” The boy’s eyes were wide, his mop of black hair disheveled. He just looked so…young.
Steve’s eyes met Thor’s over the top of Tony’s head. Thor looked equally lost as Steve felt.
“He’ll be back in a few days,” Steve lied. It made his insides twist uncomfortably. “He…he had to go to a conference. For work.”
“Oh.” Tony’s eyes fell to the table. He looked disappointed, but not surprised. “My mom too?”
“Yeah,” Steve said. “She’s with him.”
Tony flicked the straw in his juice for a moment, not looking up. Steve was about to say something else when Tony spoke up. “Do they even know I’m here?” he asked bitterly. His voice was filled with such venom, Steve nearly flinched. He’d never heard such resentment in a child’s voice before.
“Of co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Angst
some mentions of violence towards kids
but not by howard
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
None
