Work Text:

1.  Bruce
Normally, recovering Bruce is…perhaps not easy, but in the realm of things the team does, not particularly hard, either.  Because of this, it's something of a surprise when they lose him altogether.  There's no way to trace him.  Bruce won't allow a subdermal implant and Hulk can never keep anything on him.  Usually, Bruce eventually finds his way to some type of shelter.  If he's lucky, he'll manage to borrow someone's cell phone.  Usually, though, given the nakedness and all, he just has to wait for them to follow the signs of destruction around his last known location.It's exactly what they do this time, except that he's nowhere to be found.  Tony is already muttering to himself about tracing the gamma particles, and Natasha is on the line with Fury.  When she hangs up, she says, "We have a problem."Everyone outside of Steve goes very still, so he knows he's missed something.  Natasha swallows then succinctly says, "The genetics design branch of the army managed to acquire 'rights' in him for 48 hours."Steve is pretty aware he looks like an idiot, just staring at her, but he's got memories of exactly what AGD did to him threatening to overwhelm all logic.  Then he forces his brain back into working.  "Fury signed off on that?""Someone above him," Tony says, and Steve can hear that it's just a guess, but Natasha's nod confirms it."The Council—" Steve starts.Clint shakes his head, once, sharply.  "Is just one of our problems.  This could be the President, Secretary of Defense, some interagency task force head—"Steve nods to show he's gotten it.  He breathes for a few moments.  "They'll have taken him to Base 9.  It's the only lab in this area with the kind of materials they'd need access to."The four team members in front of him stare at him for a second.  Then Clint says, "Okay, yeah, makes sense you'd know AGD stuff.  Can we get in?"Steve has never, ever wanted to go back to those buildings, but he doesn't hesitate before nodding.  "Yes."

*
By the time the team reaches Bruce, the ADG personnel have him on a cocktail of lord-only-knows-what to keep him docile, and he's got a few more needle pokes and incisions than he had before, but nothing that won't heal up quickly.  Bruce will be better long before the AGD manages to reassemble what's left of the base.  Steve hadn't bothered restraining his team.Steve knows damn well there's no way Fury will be able to keep him off the post, that he's going to pay for every dollar of destruction, for every letter of orders disobeyed.  He just doesn’t care.
2.  Thor
As a rule, Thor gets into less trouble than the rest of them put together, mostly because nobody really feels the need to piss Asgard off.  Steve can acknowledge that, once or twice, there might have been a tacit agreement among them to have Thor do something that would land one of the others counting strikes.  The post is a far less common occurrence in Steve's life now, with Fury as direct supervisor.  There was the thing with Bruce, obviously, but Steve had gone to Fury before they could even come find him and just said, "Make everyone happy."Fury had.  Then he'd taken the team off rotation for two weeks, which was a full week longer than Steve had needed to recover.In any case, with Thor covering some of the heat, Steve has only been at the post all of twice in as many years.  Tony argues that it's twice too much—a point on which everyone seems to agree—but Steve kind of feels like he's living a miracle, chosen-family included.Given all of this, it's a bit of a surprise when Thor calls a team meeting in the middle of a four-month interdimensional lockdown on the tail of a narrowly avoided attack and says, with anguish in his eyes, "I must get to Asgard."Steve might blink.  The President himself has ordered the lockdown, based on SHIELD intelligence that better blocking technology can be put in place in that time.  The President has ordered it on account of a treaty with the G20.  Thankfully, Bruce is literally an expert at staying calm and thinking rationally.  "Why?""Mother is failing," Thor says, and it's soft, quiet in a way Thor never is.Steve's memories of childhood aren't all that clear anymore.  It has been a long time, and he was very young when his mother succumbed to a mix of poverty and poor health, but he can remember holding her hand, needing to be by her.  Thor has had his mother for hundreds of years.  Steve cannot begin to imagine that pain.  He takes a slow breath.  "Dr. Foster believes she can do it?"Thor nods once.  Steve nods in response.  "Let's see if we can figure out a plan where nobody notices."

*
The plan is not the worst one they've ever come up with.  Then again, that particular plan intricately involved dental floss and dozens of rubber balls, so Steve isn't sure that's saying much.  Natasha, who is generally the voice of reason in these situations is suspiciously quiet, and Steve knows exactly what that means.  It's shocking—and mostly due to Dr. Fost
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Torture
Whipping

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

