Chapter 1: Escape from the Asylum
    




Chapter Text

Chapter One: Escape from the Asylum:
 "You must be completely insane to return to this bank."Outside of an opened doorway Harry Potter stood and stared down without fear. Anyone who spent more than a few days in the European Magical community knew of the backstory of Harry Potter. They knew a few months ago, he defeated Lord Voldemort. Some called him a hero and others called him a dangerous menace to society. Regardless of what side of the spectrum people stood on, they knew Harry Potter was famous.Harry Potter eyed a small army of goblin warriors, who had been called to defend Gringotts the moment he dared step foot on the grounds of the bank. The last encounter between the goblins and Harry went a bit sour. He used trickery and deceit to enter the bank, with a help from one of the goblins, who ended up betraying him in the end, and put Harry in a rather tight position. He escaped with both the Hufflepuff Cup and one of the dragons.Chaos and insanity resulted from Harry's hijinks, the story of his life really. He did not have the luxury of having a normal, quiet life. So, he just embraced the life he lived, for better or for worse.Goblins did not take too kindly to attempted theft. Successful theft assaulted their ego long and hard. Harry viewed these goblins who eyed him up like he was their next moving target. Some of them looked inclined to gut him, bludgeon him, do whatever they needed to do where he stood. A few looked as if they wondered what drove someone who was public enemy number one to the Goblin Nation to step foot inside their bank.The Boy-Who-Lived-To-Master-Death fixated his eyes on the goblins, and smiled. Most wizards would need to wear their brown trousers when facing an army of fierce goblin warriors who intended to kill them."I come in peace."Harry's statement went over about as well as one would expect from the goblins."Potter, give me one good reason why we should not send you on your way in pieces," one of the goblins replied."Oh, I don't have a shadow of a doubt in my mind you'd butcher me if given half of the chance," Harry said. If anything, his smile grew more prominent, doing nothing to discourage the impression of Harry cracking after years of fighting the darkness. "I broke into your bank, stole from Gringotts, successfully escaped from Gringotts. I made the entire Goblin Nation look quite stupid."The goblins narrowed their eyes at Harry throwing his rather obvious transgressions back into their faces."You want to kill me, but you know you can't," Harry said. "You want to know why I would decide to return to the scene of the crime, where you would kill me. And I know you want to know what I have to save."Fierce goblin eyes stared down Harry. He reckoned it was preferable he stared down an army of angry goblins, then an army of angry Basilisks. Granted, with them, Harry would be immune from the death glare thanks to his Parseltongue abilities.'Handy information if I knew it six bloody years ago,' Harry thought.The Parseltongue remained with Harry after losing the Horcrux. Dumbledore happened to be wrong about the Parseltongue being an inherited ability from the Horcrux. Harry figured he should not rake Dumbledore over the coals too much for being wrong.Besides, it all worked out for Harry in the end."Don't you want to know what I have to say?" Harry asked.The goblins spoke to each other in Gobbledegook. Harry frowned, he hadn't quite got the language down, even though he knew enough to figure they called him some rather unflattering things.One conversation leader, the lead goblin, or at least the one with the biggest mouth, spoke to Harry."You have five minutes.""Fair enough," Harry said. "We have a lot more in common than you would like to admit."The goblins grew very restless and Harry noticed from the looks on their faces, they looked rather discouraged by the thought of having anything in common with one of their most hated humans."The Ministry considers you to be little more than a tool to serve their means," Harry said. "Let's face it, the people at the Ministry aren't going to be bothered to help make sure their own economy doesn't collapse."All of the goblins muttered with each other. A twinkle appeared in Harry's eye when he knew they could not dispute."You keep all that old money which gives the top Ministry officials their status in check," Harry said. "They need you. They can't live without the goblins. There's nothing they fear more than another goblin rebellion, and it's not because the ghost who teaches History of Magic has been teaching about them for the past six hundred years."Harry stalled to give the goblins an opportunity to think this through. They did not attack him, but Harry figured he should best press on."You've heard all about me," Harry said. "The Ministry allowed a Dark Lord to rise to the ranks, and they put all of their hopes into me. They spent years demonizing me, but then, when they were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Multi

freeform: 
Lemon
Harems

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Multi

