Chapter 1: It's so quiet
    


Summary:

Steve Rogers can't hear any heartsong.





Chapter Text
When Steve Rogers was a small child, he did not understand the people around him who kept talking about the sweet lullaby that was supposedly heard inside their heads. His mother gave him a hesitant look, as he voiced his worries to her."Sweetheart," she said, "you're still so young. Perhaps your one and only hasn't yet been born."His concerns allayed for the moment, he did not think of the matter any longer.But as he grew up, his head always remained silent. Even when all the children around him one by one got to hear their heartsong, his head remained woefully empty. One day, as he thought back and remembered the worry in his mother's eyes as she tried to comfort him, a sudden thought came to him. What if he would never have a soul mate? What if he — sickly as he was — was never supposed to have one, because he was going to die young and alone?He was afraid to ask his mother. Afraid to know the truth.When Steve reached maturity, World War Two broke out.One day his best friend Bucky came to him, face pale and eyes red."I don't hear it anymore," he said hoarsely.Bucky's heartsong had died out. His soul mate had died before they had ever met."I... know how it feels. Not hearing it," said Steve. "I've never heard mine."It was the first time he told anyone outside of his mother.That night the two friends commiserated and sought solace from each other's warmth, the sound of their passion breaking through the quiet in their heads.When the war reached American soil, there was no time to think of soul mates anymore.During that fateful war many voices died out. But for Steve Rogers, who had taken the serum and become Captain America, then flown himself into the Arctic ice, a new beginning was waiting for him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Steve Rogers broke it
So Tony breaks his in turn
Screw Destiny
Screw soul bonds
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
humans have heartsongs
Asgardians have soulmarks
Frost Giants suffer The Haunting
BAMF Tony Stark
There will be a sequel
Civil War Team Iron Man
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Rejection
Moving On
Rejecting Soulmates
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmate-Identifying Songs
Soulmate-identifying dreams
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark rejects his soulmate Steve Rogers
Steve critical

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

