Chapter 1: Foster Home for Mutant Children
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Okay, so the room isn’t big. In fact, it’s definitely smaller than his old room and significantly emptier. Although, his old room was the entirety of his mother’s basement and a school dorm room isn’t much in comparison. He couldn’t even transfer all of his stuff over to his dorm room. He brought enough to get by, compensating for the lack of arcade cabinets and televisions with attending regular classes and a social life. At least he managed to transfer posters and other various personal belongings. Otherwise the move would be quite a struggle in terms of feeling welcome.Peter was one of the last mutants as of late to buckle down and give in to attending Xavier’s school, landing him in an old dorm room with no roommate. The professor said that he needed time to sort the school out since it was just rebuilt and he needs to get the housing situations under control. Peter tried to keep his bags and boxes packed incase he were to be shipped out to another room unexpectedly, but the room felt so dreary without his miscellaneous posters plastered on the walls.Perhaps Peter’s decision to move out of his mother’s house was abrupt but it isn’t like this is something she didn’t want him to do. Despite his leaving he wonders if his mother and younger sister will be all right without him. If anything, he was the one to bring danger into their home. Though he doesn’t believe that his leaving is for the better or for the worse for his family, just a way for him to step out of his comfort zone. Go to school and get his life together, do something that proves that his life is progressing and finally changing. He never felt disdain from his mother but it was about time he got out of the house. Yet, the reason for his departure goes against her wishes. The last thing she wanted her son to do is leave the house to reconnect with his deadbeat father.But Peter doesn’t believe his father is so awful. He believes his father is like anyone else who makes mistakes and deals with the fear of being hunted for being a mutant. Maybe this is true or maybe Peter is trying to hold onto the fact that his father could be someone for him to look up to. Peter’s opinion on his father is vague and he chose to stay at the Xavier Institute to gain greater insight on his father’s daily life. From what he could gather, his father is a private man and prefers to keep his life a secret, disregarding those who pry. Peter doesn’t want to be one to pry into a man’s personal life, but he needs to find out what he can about Erik. About his dad, and how he can possibly be in this dad’s life. Step one would be to inform his father that, well, he is Peter’s father.Step one feels more like scaling the side of a cliff.Peter sighs, exhaling a puff of air absentmindedly as he lies in his dorm room bed. His hands behind his head and his broken leg is propped up on a fat pillow. His physical activity had slowed down to a crawl lately due to the broken leg so now he spends most of his time in his bedroom listening to music. To most this would be a blissful time for rest and relaxation, but Peter is constantly itching to move.Or he is usually, but right now he is finally getting into the rest and relaxation mode. Actually it is more like his thoughts are ringing louder than the music blaring from his ear buds, leaving him too mentally occupied to think about running.He can start small with Erik. Observe him on campus and get a feel of who he is during everyday life, and not during the literal apocalypse.“Peter?” calls a muffled voice though the door, “are you in there?” The voice is followed by quiet knocking, gradually increasing in volume.Peter knit his eyebrows and pulls out an ear bud, “Yeah?”He tilts his head up, watching Kurt step into his bedroom.“Would you like to come outside? You’ve been cooped up in here all day.”Peter groans. Lazy ass.“Uh, Scott said I should tell you that I’m kidnapping you.”Peter snorts, that sounds like something Scott would say. Kurt is too sweet to be so pushy. He sits up from the bed and reaches for the crutches propped up against his footboard. He secures them under his arms and prepares to stand, having mild difficulty with the task.A blue hand clasps Peter’s shoulder and the next thing he knows is the sudden punch of fresh air. He buckles over and Kurt is struggling to hold him up, “Kurt! Warning next time.” At least he gives a whiplash warning. A simple teleportation warning shouldn’t be too much of a stretch. He can hear the others snorting in laughter at their mishap. He’s sure they look hilarious stumbling and yelling like a bunch of idiots.Kurt sputters a series of apologies and offers to help Peter off the ground. Peter clings to him and limps to their group of friends. At least Kurt’s accuracy is good since they teleport directly behind the friend circle. Peter hobbles into the circle an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Peter Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Post-X-Men: Apocalypse (2016)
Father-Son Relationship
Peter loves his friends
Nervous and Curious Peter

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Peter Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

