Work Text:
“Hey kit-kat, remember that one time you asked why I was so good at understanding sibling problems?” Tony asks, looking over at his girlfriend. Or rather, she is his girlfriend right now. Other days she decides to be his boyfriend instead. Oh the joy of dating a shapeshifter.
“Yes,” said girlfriend, with raven hair, bright green eyes and a tendency towards mischief, answers.
“And how I might have avoided the question?”
“It was quite a memorable reaction.”
Tony grins sheepishly. “Is it a surprise if I tell you I'm not an only child?”
“No,” Loki answers flatly, “it isn't.”
“Great! I do. Well, technically they are my half brothers because Howard couldn't keep it in his pants, but details. The point is my little brother is visiting tomorrow for like, well, however long we can before doing permanent damage.”
She raises an eyebrow. “Is this a common occurrence?”
“Lokitty, it's me your talking about. And Sherlock has always taken more after me than Mycroft. Of course it happens. It would be disgraceful if it didn't.”
She snorts. “Naturally. Your team knows?”
“They know Sherlock, but they don't know he is my brother. We tend not to tell people.”
“Oh? Then this makes me special?” Loki smirks.
Tony walks over and curls a strand of hair around his finger. “Yes, you are one special snowflake. We've been dating long enough, I figure it's safe to tell you.”
“How risky. What makes you think I will keep your secret? The chaos if I revealed this would be most entertaining.”
“Because I trust you,” Tony says simply.
Loki doesn't reply right away. “Why is it,” she finally asks, “that I have waited millenniums for someone to do so and when I finally do, it is a mortal? A measly mortal understands me better after months than all of Asgard has in centuries.”
“I take offense to the 'measly' part, just so you know. And because Asgard is filled with bunch of self-righteous, racist, arrogant assholes who wouldn't know change if it cut off their heads.”
Loki laughs.
“Beside, not trusting you? It would be like not trusting myself. Not that I always trust myself, but you get the point. We were destined to either get along like a house on fire or make the house combust instantaneously. We are written in the stars babe.”
“Yes, I imagine the Norns had quite the laugh when they wove our threads together.”
“Oh yeah, talk mythology to be baby.”
Loki pushes him away. “That was terrible. It is made even worse by the fact that you have no respect for them.”
“Kit-kat, we have a story about you giving a birth to a eight legged horse. I respect the rest of your kids who actually exist, but dear god, a horse. Admittedly it makes more sense when you read the myth, but still. How can I take anything seriously after that?”
“I blame Sif. It was her revenge for cutting her hair.”
Tony laughs.
“You have a problem Anthony dear?”
“Not at all. You are a vicious little shit and I love it.”
“One would hope so, we have been dating for a year now.”
“Yup. I will still never forget Thor's face after he found out.”
“You are lucky he did not kill you for that.”
“Eh, you would have protected me. Besides, he owed me. I am the one who figured out your end game, helped with said end game – I still don't understand how Asgard missed Thanos making his move, it was pretty blatant – and standing up to pretty much everyone who wanted a piece of you after that while he was still catching up. He better not kill me for dating you. I proved long ago that I can take better care of you than he can.”
She raises a delicate eyebrow.
“Oh don't give me that look honey bunch. I know very well you can take care of yourself. It's Thor who hasn't gotten that memo yet.”
“And I doubt he will for another century or so,” she says with a sigh. “At least he has stopped calling me brother all the time. Or sister, as the case may be. One good thing the fool was good at was accepting my shapeshifting.”
“He'd better. How else was he going to get his hammer back?”
“Yes, that was quite an amusing event. Although Thor made a truly hideous woman.”
“Not everyone can have your looks sunshine.”
“Flattery Stark? That won't get you anywhere.”
Tony smirks. “I bet it can.”
“Oh?”
“How about we move this to the bedroom and we can see?”
“I do love the way your mind works. Proceed.”
 
***
 
The next day Loki wakes up to an empty bed. She leisurely stretches as she glances at the bedside clock. It reads 12:17 pm. Well, that would explain it. Not that is a surprising thing to wake up to an empty bed. Her genius has a habit of running off when an idea strikes him. But he usually wakes the god up when he leaves in his haste. It is rather endearing, not that Loki would ever tell her mortal this. His ego is big enough as it is.
She dresses in a simple green sundress and sets off for the communal kitchen, where everyone should be gathered at this time of day. Loki can admit some curiosity of meeting Anthony's little brother. Especially if he takes after her beloved. Two Anthonys running around the Tower. Oh the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Tony Stark & Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes & Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) & John Watson

freeform: 
Lady Loki
Shapeshifter Loki
Established Relationship
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Humor
Loki Does What He Wants
Don't copy to another site
Clint Barton is so Done

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Tony Stark & Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes & Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) & John Watson

