Work Text:
Not now. 
Any time, any place else would be better than here, now, and what Charles wouldn't give to have listened to Raven and let her set up a prearranged mate years ago. It was the thing families were supposed to do for his type, but his family had always been distant at best. And every year since puberty, he'd been able to manage this easily on his own. A few telepathic nudges of "shove off, I'm mated" to the handful of alpha males he passed in the halls, a week holed up alone in his rooms with Raven for company. 
The cycles could at least have the grace to be consistent. He'd never gone into heat in summer before. 
He'd never gone into heat in a sodding CIA complex, packed wall-to-wall with alphas--including three mutant alphas--before, either, and here he was, sitting in a bathroom trembling. The first signs of heat were subtle: the way his skin itched for touch, the way he instinctively began to respond to the sharp hypnotic scent (usually undetectable) of alpha males, the slow awakening of dormant glands. By now, however, he felt constantly open, soft and slick. He walked by the alphas--so many, he despaired of tricking them all with his halfhearted attempts to thwart mating--and couldn't help trying to display himself. 
Which is what led to this--some agent assigned to them, catching his arousal, putting hands roughly on Charles' hips; Charles resisting, sending desperately no, I'm mated, for god's sake, but the agent was mad from the pheromones; the sudden jerk of the man being forcibly removed, crying out as he was pulled by a watch, a belt, a gun. When Erik stood before him, asking if Charles was injured, he still held the agent with his powers. 
He would kill for me, Charles thought as he muttered a quick assurance to Erik, backing away, he would kill for his mate. He wanted to strip right there, the undignified need to be bred never stronger. Erik smelled of health, vicious determination, the subtle difference of mutant genes calling out to him. 
Instead, Charles retreated. Evolutionary drives were things to be studied, he reminded himself, not to be controlled by. There were also far better mates out there than Erik, who would likely run off the minute he'd knocked Charles up. 
But even when he finally emerged hours later to return to his room, his legs were shaking, and he kept seeing it in his mind: Erik, flushed from fighting off a facility full of alphas; Erik, thrusting ruthlessly, filling Charles over and over with his seed.
The phenomenon of heat was still poorly understood by modern science. Charles himself had found more questions than answers in his own studies on the matter. Why did it occur in 48% of the overall population? Why did it cross the apparent boundary of sex differentiation? What was the evolutionary advantage? Why did cycles only occur once a year--and unpredictably? 
Were cycles influenced by surroundings? Because, if so, Charles was currently rather furious that he was the only person in heat in the entire complex.
What he did know was that heat lasted, on average, five to six days. That impregnation--in males or females--was only possible in this brief period. That pheromones were released at an accelerated, exponential rate as the heat progressed, driving other omegas to crowd around in an instinct to protect and assist in the inevitable need to settle and nest following impregnation, and driving alphas to do anything to ensure their genes were the ones chosen to survive. 
Charles was approximately one and a half days into his heat, and he was going to kill Hank. 
"I'm fine Hank," he said, for the fifth time that day. "I'm in heat, not dying." Hank kept trying to get him to sit down, to relax and eat more, and there was no way to logically explain that no, I don't need the extra energy because I will not be mating, thank you. 
Sitting also just wasn't advisable, what with all the alphas sniffing around. 
At least here, he imagined, it was safe. Within the safe house portion of the facility, there was less of a threat from unmated males. Sean and Darwin were naturally somewhat agitated, but two young alphas wouldn't pose too much of a problem. 
Of course, convincing Erik of this was a bit more... difficult.
It never failed. If Sean entered the room, not five minutes later, there Erik would be. If Darwin stopped him to talk on the grounds--he was still attempting to use Cerebro, much as Hank would awkwardly fumble through euphemisms to voice his thoughts of wouldn't you rather be, well, um--Erik would find an excuse to stalk by. It was all rather excessive, Charles thought.
Extremely excessive, Sean apparently thought, as he and Alex came in. Sean had been pointedly ignoring Charles, his thoughts a murmur of he's just a dork, not good looking at all, just keep cool when Erik predictably appeared, his sharp smile all threat and Sean finally had enough. 
If the mental grocery list of Reasons Charles Xavier Is Not Attractive wasn't reason enough to slink away 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Breeding Cycle
Dubious Consent
Sexual Violence
X-Men First Class Kink Meme
Impregnation
Charles Getting Uncomfortable
Omega Charles
Alpha Erik
Don't Examine This Too Closely
Breeding
Alpha/Omega

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

