Chapter 1: Hell Freezes Over
    


Summary:

Loki comes to Tony with a proposition he can't refuse.





Chapter Text
The first time Loki appeared in Tony’s living room, his first reaction was a few moments of stunned disbelief. In his defense, he had been extremely distracted by thrust and vector calculations related to the Mark 39, so it took him a moment to realize he was no longer alone. The second moment was taken up by the dawning realization that the figure in front of him was not the product of a lack of sleep and shitty dreams. In the third moment Tony almost killed himself by leaping over the back of his couch, getting as far from Loki as possible while still keeping the bastard in sight.
“JARVIS!”
“A suit is inbound, sir.” Tony started edging towards the stairs leading down to his laboratory. A guy lets his guard down for one second in the privacy of his enormous seaside mansion, and look what happens.
“Calm yourself, Stark. I mean you no harm. I am here to talk,” Loki said, holding his hands up and away from his body. He was wearing simple dark green shirt with his leather duster, only the barest glint of metal at his throat. No armor or weapons in sight, but Tony knew well how fast that could change.
“Fuck that! The last time we had a conversation I almost ended up a gooey stain on a New York sidewalk. JARVIS, notify SHIELD that I have an intruder.”
Loki scowled at the ceiling, trying to pinpoint just who or what Tony was talking to. “I do wish you wouldn’t.”
“Well, no one cares what you want, Professor Snape. You’re supposed to be in Asgard, anyway, so why are you here? Did they let you out early? Couldn’t have been for good behavior.” Tony finally heard the dulcet tones of one his autonomous suits stomping up the stairs. “Hear that? If you really want to talk, Loki, do it fast. Or do it slow, I don’t care, that will give me chance to kick your ass myself. As soon as my suit finally gets here. Move your tin plated ass already!” He shouted towards the stairs. “My stellar wit and conversational skills aren’t going to keep him distracted much longer.”
“I am here to ask for your help.”
Tony started to laugh but trailed off when he saw the seriousness written in the grim line of Loki’s mouth.  The moment was surreal: a picturesque but not terribly warming fire was burning in the fireplace (it was SoCal, after all, even at Christmas it was T-shirt weather), stockings for no particular person were hanging from the mantle, and a supervillain was asking for help in his living room.  He pinched himself to make extra sure he wasn't dreaming. “Nope. Whatever it is, no, no way.”
“Even if it has to do with the safety of your precious realm?”  
“So far, you have been the biggest danger to the safety of my precious realm,” Tony pointed out. “You and your overrated army. Oh good, you’re finally here. Guard position, Loki of Asgard.” Mark 36 took position next to Tony, gears whirring as he suddenly bristled with armaments. “Good boy,” he said with a silent sigh of relief, praying that Loki hadn’t noticed that his hands had been shaking.
“That army is precisely the threat I’m here to discuss. Keep the…automaton, call off your dogs, and we can talk.”
“Automaton? Look, the only one of those that is going to happen is that I am keeping the suit. There are a dozen more just like it waiting for one wrong move. JARVIS, how long until backup arrives?”
“Unfortunately, sir, the closest SHIELD operatives are in New Mexico, so it will be some hours before they arrive. I could call the police, if you wish.”
Loki smirked. Tony thought about shooting him on principle but he had just finished decorating for the holidays, even though it was just a tree and some stockings and he'd actually paid someone to do it it for him. “Fine. Talk if that’s really what you came here to do, then get the hell out of here. Better yet, just skip ahead to getting the hell out of here, because I’m not going to help you. Besides, the Chitauri were defeated. They all dropped dead when I blew up their mothership. Or maybe you didn’t know that, since that was right around the time the Hulk was using you to remodel my floor.” Tony took pleasure at the sour look that replaced the smirk.
“You are a fool if you believe that is the end of the matter. The Chitauri are locusts. They were created for war, and like locusts, the death of a few will do nothing to deter the rest. They are a weapon that was pointed at Earth for a purpose.” Loki turned his gaze from Tony to study the rest of the room, apparently unconcerned about turning his back the Iron Man suit that was tracking his movements with enough firepower to destroy a small city. “That purpose was not fulfilled nor eliminated by my defeat. They will return, and this time, in greater numbers.”
Tony’s palms began to sweat. “Yeah? Why should I believe you?”
Loki looked back at him, his gaze knowing. “You already believe me. You went through the portal, you saw them. Your night terrors are not memories, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Odin's A+ Parenting
BAMF!Loki
BAMF!Tony
Enemies to Lovers
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Tony Feels

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

