Chapter 1: After the Fall
    




Chapter Text
It was amazing the kind of thinking a man could do in 24 hours... Even concussed, with a ribcage that felt like a thousand pieces puzzle, in a freezing Siberian HYDRA bunker. And it wasn't 24 hours, but 22 and 47 minutes... But who's counting, right?Thankfully, the disabling of the suit must have registered on FRIDAY, and she would have told everyone she could reach: Vision for sure, probably Pepper. Of course, outside of those two, all bets where off... "Mr Stark? Mr Stark!!" Tony took sight of the SI badges the men wore "Nice to see you, guys... Ribs broken, just so you know." And then promptly fainted. Finally.It took five months for Tony Stark to make his first public appearance, at a UN public enquiry comittee of all things. The exiled Avengers, watching the televised hearing from their suite in T'Challa's palace, sniggered quite nastily when the man who sat at the table looked like a shadow of his former self. Certainly too thin, and moving more sedatly than he ever had before. The chairman didn't look that hostile, though. "Mr Stark, this committee would like to apologize for making you cut short your convalescence, but this need to be addressed soonest. I trust you are well enough to answer our questions?" "I am." "As you may know, The former Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross has been arrested this morning for a series of criminal charges, some in relation of the Accords. Would you like to tell us about that?""Oh, sooo Tony was in league with a criminal?" Clint snarked "No wonder He and Ross got like a house on fire!""Yes, Mr Chairman. Secretary Ross showed up in my office with sneak photos of one of my teammate children and the original version of the Accords. Either I got the Avengers to sign, or said children would be taken, and the new generation of the *super soldier* serum would be tested on them in ones of Ross facilities..."Clint froze, and his cup of coffee shattered unheeded on the floor."Did you think the threat real, Mr Stark?" "I've had enough paparazzi after me all my life to know what stolen photos look like... As for Ross going after children, he once used his own daughter to try to kidnap Dr Banner. So yes, I took it seriously." "What did you do?" "What I could: Ross told me I would be watched, and I know how Army equipment works, since it used to be my tech more often than not." Tony looked bitter and tired "Went two floors below and started my Lawyers on working the Accords... While trying to get the Avengers to sign those to buy a little time. The first part went perfectly well... As for the second, well, we all know about that." "Are you against the Accords, Mr Stark?" "No. At least not as they are now... Or going to be, since they are still in negotiations... I did sign the first version under duress, sure, because I never thought the Avengers should be *mercenaries*, especially under someone like Thaddeus Ross, who has very little respect himself for the Law or any human rights whatsoever. He was certainly fast to lock up anyone that showed an inkling of disagreeing with him, whether they'd done something illegal or not... On the other hand, I do agree that super powered beings should be held accountable for their actions... SHIELD was what it was, but it did give some accountability to the Avengers at the beginning. Anyway, the people should have a say on who they want on their soil... Or not." "Will you now be signing the new Accords of your own free will, Mr Stark?" "I will if you want me to, but in my case, the point is moot. Iron Man doesn't exist anymore." That prompted some muttering in the on looking crowd, since the hearing was public. "What do you mean Mr Stark?" "What I said. My friend, the Colonel Rhodes, is paralyzed from the waist down, and I can't fly the suit anymore either. Since I don't trust anyone else with this tech, Iron Man is effectively dead." "Coward!" a Man shouted in the back, earning a frown from the chairman. Tony's face closed up even more and talked before he could be interrupted. "A few years ago, I told another committee that the suit was a sort of prosthetics. It was the bare truth. When I got the arc reactor out of my chest when surgery was able to get the shrapnel out of my heart, I kept going because a part of me WAS Iron Man. But flying the suit is not a walk in the park, not to mention fighting in it. When I came back from Siberia, it was found that my ribs had been completely shattered. I'm better, but my ribcage will never have a normal resistance again. Flying the suit would simply kill me. I once almost died to save the people of New York. Forgive me for not wanting to do so just so the same people can get their thrills." There was a moment of stunned silence before the chairman coughed lightly. "Nobody is asking you to, Mr Stark. Did sergeant Barnes attack you in that base?" "No. I did attack him, however." Tony looked tired and waited till the booing from the back died off; "In my defen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Sorry Not Sorry
Not Steve Friendly
Not Team Cap friendly as a whole
partially beta read
working on it
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor

