Work Text:
LP drew me a fantastic mini-comic (AO3 / DW / LJ) for Cap/Iron Man 2013 Gift Exchange. This story is built around and within that comic.

    
 



Like the Winter Sun
 
The press junket was nearing its end; the most frantic questions were out of the way and the constant hum of voices had fallen in volume. Steve was glad for this, because in the aftermath of the latest grueling battle they’d had just enough time to clean up, tend to injuries and eat a few mouthfuls before they had been pushed in front of a pack of rabid reporters, and his team was starting to grow restless.

There were S.H.I.E.L.D. PR people present, of course, as well as police and fire and rescue representatives, but everyone wanted to get an answer out of one of the Avengers and the other officials were left to try to cut in whenever they feared a superhero’s response might not be appropriate.

The Avengers were used to this by now. Usually not so soon after a fight, but nevertheless, standing in the spotlight was what they had to do in order to continue what they’d set out to do and maintain the acceptance of the people. To some of them it came as easy as breathing, Tony being the perfect example; he usually took on the reporters with a practiced ease.

Months ago, Steve might have thought he was just hogging the spotlight because that’s who Tony was and he was more than used to it whenever Iron Man flew solo. These days, he understood that Tony was merely taking the attention away from cranky, sore and tired assassins – and a Hulk who had nothing left to smash.

There was a limit to Tony’s good mood, though; the smile never faltered and the flippant commentary kept going, but his eyes would eventually turn restless as if searching for an exit. He never backed off, though, as if that weren’t an option, and Steve admired him for it.

Today, Tony’s well-hidden tell was more obvious than usual, mostly because he had been forced to stay behind for most of the battle, trying to figure out a way to locate a series of bombs that had been planted in major cities all over the East Coast as an insurance policy for the villains.

Needless to say, Tony had found and disabled the bombs, joining them for what was left of the fight at that point, but he had sounded frustrated when they talked over the comm; beating up something was easier than beating up yourself if you failed to save thousands of lives.

 “This concludes the news conference!” the head of PR offices from S.H.I.E.L.D. declared finally. “We thank you all for coming.”

A few lonely voices rose from the mass of reporters as the Avengers moved as one towards the door on the side.

Most people shouted “Tony!” to get one more comment out of him, but they only saw Iron Man whether he wore the suit or not.

Steve, instead, saw the man inside the armor, frail and vulnerable compared to the unyielding metal. Tony was keeping the mask up, giving the crowd a one last kiss and a dramatic salute, but as soon as they were through the door and moving towards the back of the building, his body grew tense and full of barely-contained restlessness.

The other Avengers took the Quinjet back to the Avengers Tower; Steve and Tony parted from them, walking to a waiting towncar with Stark Industries plates. Tony bumped heavily against Steve’s side as they slid inside, leaning against him rather than the seat.

 “Where to?” Happy Hogan asked from the front; on days like these, it was good to have him waiting to chauffeur them back, not some stranger or a stiff S.H.I.E.L.D. agent.

 “The Tower,” Tony replied immediately, fingers tugging on his tie as his eyes stared out the window, following the moving scenery, but Steve suspected that if anyone asked him, he wouldn’t have any idea what he had just been looking at.

Reaching over, a bit clumsy with his gloves still on, Steve undid Tony’s tie and left it hanging there; it had looked like Tony might strangle himself with it soon, otherwise.

The wide, brown eyes flashed over to him, halting, studying the moment. Some of the tension bled from Tony’s body and he shifted a bit lower on his seat, leaning his head back.

Steve laid a hand on Tony’s thigh, wordlessly asking for him to wait. It wasn’t long before fidgety fingers drifted over, abandoning the undone tie and landing on Steve’s hand instead. Their touch was abrupt and fleeting every time, nails scratching at the dried dirt on the red material one second and then convulsively clutching the next.

He saw it on Tony’s face, as soon as they got to the Tower and out of the car on the garage level; his mind was moving too fast, too full, and he couldn’t stop moving – not even in the relatively confined space of the elevator. It had been coming for days now, and Steve had planned on easing the pressure, but then their latest mission had happened and all lesser priorities had to wait.

Once they got to their floor, Steve told Tony to go and shower. Steve was the one who needed a good scrubbing, make no mi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bondage
Sex Toys
Gags
Restraints
Cock Rings
Vibrator
Dildos
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

