Chapter 1: Then Came Along A Spider And A Man In Red Leather
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Things were finally looking up for Peter Parker, he'd been 'recruited' into the avengers. Something that he'd wanted to do since becoming Spiderman...Though the only draw back at the moment because of his age Tony Stark has kept Peter more in the science labs for the time being. That was the only thing that had made Aunt May relax, or relax the best she could when her precious nephew announced that he was spiderman, told her that he was going to be working for Mr. Stark.    Though, Peter really didn't mind not going on the actual missions. Especially when he saw the avengers looking so ragged and worn down when they came back. Peter was more like a 'naive' freshmen while they rest of the avengers were the cool senior kids. Captain America, Steve Rogers, Mr. Rogers, was the coolest in Peter's opinion. He got to sorta hang out with the avengers when they were at the tower, but for the mean time he was kinda like the 'little brother' tagging along.   The one thing that hasn't changed though, was his lack of love life and that he got to patrol the streets of New York City like he did in high school. When he had told Aunt May that he was going to start working as one of the avengers her worry had been that he'd end up getting hurt, and that he was brilliant and that he should be working to go to college, so when Stark had told her that he'd be learning right from him and Dr Banner she'd seemed more accepting. Sassy aunt May though wasn't a hundred percent on board, she didn't like Tony's flashy ways and made sure Peter knew that if he came home acting like that 'egotistical butthead', her words, she'd knock Petey back a notch.   But what else made her more nervous than anything was that Peter's omega scents would attract too much attention. But he'd proven to her that he'd been able to coat his outfit in an artificial Alpha scent that covered his natural scents. Which gave the older beta some comfort, though she made sure he knew that he'd have to make sure his suppressants were to be filled every month, that he was now the one in charge of that since he was an adult.  He tried to give her some relief by telling her that he had it marked on his calendar, which really wasn't a lie, though he didn't actually look at it very often.    No, he was bad about remembering to get his suppressants refilled, though most of the time he had backup just in case. So it wasn't a current worry at the moment. No, what was a current issue at the moment was Deadpool. The merc with a mouth, who apparently couldn't tell when he wasn't wanted. But at least it made boring nights more interesting honestly. Like right now.   "Cooome on Peeetey," Deapool whined as they were perched on an older brick building that overlooked a less than busy street, but had been reported to have a creeper that harassed and was trying to kidnap omegas, mostly male omegas as they were more rare and since they could produce an heir faster than a female. They could be sold off in the black market for high prices especially the younger ones because their heat cycle was more frequent, and didn't need a lot of prodding to start up. Which hit home for Peter.    "Why don't you go bother someone else, like Tony," Peter huffed as he crossed his arms trying to look more determined.   "As much fun as Stark would be, he doesn't have a nice ass like a certain spidey," Deadpool huffed peeking down at Peter's butt, "And it looks very squeezable, and you'd like it~" At that comment Peter flushed but was grateful that the mask hid that fact quiet well.   "How about no. I'm a damn alpha anyways, go find yourself an omega or even a beta," Peter groaned.    {Does he still think we can't tell?}    [No fuckin' way, his sweet omega scent is waaaaay too strong to be masked by that fake shit]   Hush you two, it's kinda cute the way he pretends, He shushed the boxes. "Spidey," He whined leaning on the smaller man, his chin resting on the smaller's shoulder, his hands on Peter's hips. As much as Peter wanted to hate the feeling, it did feel incredibly good. But he tried to shrug that off to the fact he hadn't dated since him and Mary Jane...She'd been one hell of an Alpha but he'd been afraid of hurting her, especially as he had joined the Avengers. She'd been hurt but had understood why he had to.   "You're an idiot," Peter groaned, "You don't even know my name."   "Peter Parker," Deadpool hummed, "It's easy to read it when it's on your underwear." Deadpool snickered letting his gloved fingers trace small circles at the boy's hips. Through the thinner material of Peter's outfit he could feel the warmth of Deadpool's fingers. But hearing his name he managed to peel himself from the merc and jump from the building, shooting the web at the last minute so he could feel the woosh of air between him and the ground. His body shooting throu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Cuddles
Kissing
First Time
Masturbation
blowjob
Clothed Sex
Dry Humping
Skype Sex
Against the Wall - Freeform
Doggy Style
Power Bottom Peter
submissive top Wade
Anal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Rimming
69 (Sex Position)
sweet/romantic sex
Public Sex
carpet burns from kinky sex
lazy morning sex
Parks are where kids play not horny adults
Daddy Kink
Biting
Shower Sex
Science desk
Toys
Alpha/Omega
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bruce Banner
apha Bucky Barnes
This is my first ff please don't judge too harshly orz
boxer/underwear kink
these tags are so not in order lmao
There's no beta reader to this
Mpreg
Steve is a protective momma
Subtly adds angst
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

