Work Text:
Draco found the nest down in the Manor’s cellars, while he was clearing them out. It was late in the afternoon by then. The fighting had started at dawn, but they’d had a long slog through the countryside before they’d got far enough away from the magic being thrown around the battlefield to think of Apparating anywhere, and it hadn’t been clear they had anywhere to go, in any case. But half an hour or so after they’d walked away, a stab of pain in his forearm knocked him to his knees.Draco shuddered through waves of agony, trying not to hear the noises his father was making, as the Dark Mark burned for five minutes solid, writhing horribly across his skin until it finally hissed out one last sigh and deflated into a flat, twisting line, scarred across the skin. Wrung out and heaving for breath, Draco stared down at it and didn’t really feel anything, regret or pleasure. But it seemed to mean they could go home.They Apparated to the gates and he followed his parents down the walk and into the house wearily, dust dragging at their feet. It was dark, shadowed inside, and the doors shut behind him with a dull clanging thud that made him flinch. He looked involuntarily towards the kitchens, thinking about the cellars. What was down there, in them. “Father,” he said. Lucius was already halfway up the main stairs. “Father, what about—”Lucius paused and half turned back towards him, red-eyed and unshaven, his mouth turned soft like butter someone had left out too long, defanged. He didn’t meet Draco’s eyes. He didn’t say a word. After a moment he turned back and just kept trudging up towards the master suite.Draco slowly went into the Great Hall. The fire had gone dead and the candles had burned down, but Narcissa was already at work there, tidying away all the wreckage of the last feasting with brisk strokes of her wand. “We’ll be some time straightening up the mess, I’m afraid,” she said to him when he came in. She sounded as though there’d been a slightly over-exuberant party. The dishes bundled themselves up with the tablecloth and floated out of the room behind her as she swept off to the east sitting room. The great table folded itself down and slid over against the wall, out of the way, everything left clean and tidy. Draco stood alone.The corridor towards the kitchens was dim and darkened with years of cooking smoke. Only the undesirable paintings hung on the walls here, the most annoying of the family portraits. Scarivor Malfoy was nearest the cellar doors: he’d always been described to Draco as a priggish ascetic who’d once handed his own brother over to the authorities for a bit of skylarking fun in the Muggle village down the road. He’d never been cosseting of Draco, unlike most of the other ancestrals, but then, he was only his great-granduncle, no closer relation. He’d stubbornly refused to marry and produce pureblood heirs, so the brother had inherited in the end—which had possibly been somewhat hastened along—and his scowling portrait had been tucked out of the way to mutter its disapproving remarks alone.The last two years, Draco had hurried past on the rare occasions he’d had to go this way. He hadn’t wanted to hear anything it might say. But Scarivor hadn’t been buried with his wand—there was some suggestion in the family records that he might still have managed to make use of it at the time if he had—so it was preserved behind a small glass window at the base of the portrait. It had a unicorn hair at the core, like Draco’s old one.Draco stopped in front of the portrait. “May I take the wand?” he asked stiffly, half expecting a refusal.The portrait glared down at him fiercely from under bristling silver-white eyebrows, but said, “You had better, it seems,” and the window slid open. Draco took out the wand. It felt all right: old-fashioned and heavier than a modern one, the wood a little pitted and more knotty, a bit too long, but it would do. He closed his fist around it and opened the door. He went down the stairs.#The cellars were really one large vaulted space, but over the years a line of smaller rooms had been divided off along the north wall, mostly to organize the wine collection. The nest was in the last room, the one with the boilers. There weren’t any bottles kept in here, and it was warm and humid in the back corner close to the vent. Draco came in numb and sour-mouthed: he’d been sick twice already.He’d found a dozen Muggles, still alive, in different stages of distress. They hadn’t been tortured with Crucio; it looked like knives on most of them, and beatings, and all for no possible reason he could think of. They’d been chained up to the walls or tied up on bare cots. They cringed from him even as he tried to tell them he was going to let them go, and they flinched from every Healing Charm. He’d always known that Muggles would look at him with determined hatred, as soon as they knew what he was; that they’d want to drag him to a stake and beat him senseless and burn him. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Post-War
aftermath of war
Reconciliation
Courtship
Snakes

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

