Chapter 1: That Time with the Rats
    




Chapter Text
Clint glared at the TV as though it had personally called his mother a fat potato donut. Potato donuts. Lies glazed in sugar. Ugh. Nevermind that they were actually delicious. LIES. “Uh… Clint? Are you okay?”Clint glared at the TV even harder.“Leave it, Bruce. He’s pouting because Tony made him come home to get some rest.”“I’m not pouting!”Natasha gave him an amused glance. “Sure, birdbrain,” she remarked. Bruce nodded in understanding next to her. “Yeah, that makes sense,” he mused.Clint squawked in outrage and stormed away. If that’s how they were going to be, he would go glare somewhere else. He wasn’t pouting. He wasn’t. He was worried. How else was he supposed to react? He knew - they all did, after an unfortunate incident at the beach - that water was one of Tony’s biggest triggers. He hated getting it anywhere near him, especially standing water or the dank murky stuff like they’d all gotten covered in on the last mission. He also hated being stuck in hospitals, and that’s where Tony was now. And he made Clint leave, so he couldn’t watch his back now either.What was it with supervillains and sewers, anyway? Not to mention the rats that looked like they came straight out of either The Princess Bride or The Secret of Nimh.
Three days earlier
“Why is it always sewers and warehouses?” Tony complained, “Can’t any of the villains have any sense of originality? I mean, really. Is it so hard to come up with a decent lair?”“Chatter,” Steve said, with the air of someone who knew they were going to be ignored.“I know, right?” Clint agreed, “it’s like they’ve given up. Midlife crises. Single old men with a pet cat.”Tony sniggered. “We should get one for Fury. A fluffy white one.” Iron Man slogged through the disgusting liquid under his feet as the others carefully tried to avoid the worst of the muck. Natasha actually perched on the armor’s shoulders, delicately balanced and barely managing to avoid scraping against the yellowish-grey ceiling. They made an amusing sight, like a panther perching on a red and gold elephant’s head.Clint heard something… scuttle. “Incoming,” he warned, and the others got ready to fight, Natasha reluctantly leaving her perch.“What’ve we got, Hawkeye?”“Not sure.” He tapped his hearing aid. “Heard it, didn’t see it.”Steve jumped, drawing their attention. “Rat,” he said.“RAT!” Tony yelled, disproportionately upset.“Tony - holy shit, that’s not a rat, that’s a fucking rodent of unusual size!” he interrupted himself, as he turned and spotted the thing Tony was fighting.The ROUSes, as they would be called on all official reports, were no less than four feet tall at the shoulder and twelve to fifteen feet long, including the tails. The smell was horrendous; think ferret, add in sewer, and soak for a decade. The rats drooled constantly. Long, naked tails whipped powerfully, and slammed Steve into a wall hard enough for some crumbling in the stonework. The worst part, though, was the teeth. Clint came much closer to becoming acquainted with the sharp gnawing teeth of giant rats than he had ever desired, and the others weren’t much better off.Iron Man got the worst of it, and Clint personally believed it was a mix of “ooooh, shiny” and “hey, you just killed Billy” running through the rats’ heads, as the repulsors were very effective against giant rat flesh. (Incidentally, the scent of that flesh burning was much better than how it smelled in the first place, and Clint was getting some vindictive pleasure out of that.) At first he was relieved - the armor should be able to hold up against the rats, and he personally had a much easier time picking off rats swarming Tony than trying to fight these particular monsters up close. Then he noted how Tony was getting quieter and quieter over the three hours of fighting giant sewer rats. “Oi, Iron Man, you okay?” he demanded, drawing everyone’s attention. Clint was almost always the first one to spot a problem among his team, since he generally had the best viewpoint and a skill for spotting problems that needed to be dealt with.“You betcha,” Tony replied, oddly breathless.“Sitrep, Iron Man,” Cap demanded.“...I’m almost out of juice,” Tony admitted. He sounded as though his teeth were clenched, trying to hold back even as the others started to panic. Clint cursed in his head. He should have expected - Tony had to use the unibeam any number of times on these things, usually to save his and Natasha’s ass, since Cap and Thor were somewhat gleeful in their rat-bashing. Hulk had been left behind because they didn’t want him destroying the sewer system - and he really wouldn’t fit. “How close?” Natasha demanded.“...Eighteen percent?”“What the hell, Tony! Why didn’t you say something, you stupid overblown tin can?!”“Because we’re fighting GIANT RATS IN A SEWER SYSTEM - SHIT!”Thor bashed in the head of the giant rodent that managed to sink its teeth through the shoulder plating of the armor and Tony’s hand
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Injury
Canon-Typical Violence
Hurt/Comfort
bros
Friendly Insults
Insults
Language
Explosions
Blood
Concussions
Vampire references
garlic - Freeform
Bad Humor
Hallucinations
Drugs
drugged
Kidnapping
kidnap
Bromance
medical emergencies
Hurt Tony
Hurt Clint
Oreos
Assassination
Xmen
Medical
Medical Inaccuracies
Pizza

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Clint Barton

