Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They find it when Tony blasted a hole in the bunker of the Hydra cell in Arizona they were taking out, revealing a series of hidden passageways and a switchback staircase that descended into the earth. Going by the spider webs as thick as orchard netting they found throughout, it was likely that the bunker’s most recent Hydra inhabitants didn’t know the passages were there either.Steve and Natasha took point after Tony tried flaming away all of the spider webs and almost set them all on fire. Natasha picked up an old steel bar and started pointedly swiping the webs away with ease – all without breaking the flat stare she gave Tony – and Steve followed in her wake, shield up.By his reckoning they descended some four stories into the earth before the stairway opened up into a long room that looked eerily like the first Shield headquarters at Camp Lehigh that was destroyed around them all those months ago – clunky 70s-era metal desks and pine-paneled walls, but here the Hydra insignia was right on display instead of a Shield one. Tony left his suit on Sentry-mode, forging ahead while Nat and Steve more diligently looked for useable data – what projects were planned here, what Hydra operatives cut their teeth in this bullpen.Tony came striding back a minute later, his face a little too excited for desks and moldering papers. “Found something. A door. Not like a regular door, but the kind that just begs me to blast it open because it’s probably thicker than a bank vault. Ever wanted to break into one of those just to see if you could?” Tony asked, climbing back into the Iron Man suit.“I can and have,” Nat said blithely, which surprised nobody, of course.Tony used his repulsors to get down the long corridor he’d found – which frankly, was cheating, and he was only doing it because now he was worried Nat wouldn't let him blast through the door – and Steve glanced at Nat with a shrug, and followed after.It didn't look like a bank vault door by they time they got to it – Tony had gotten through with an impressively controlled blast that only left a few metal carts, the kind they used in operating theatres, knocked over on the other side. As Steve climbed through, he could hear Jarvis giving a report as Tony stepped out of his suit once more. “No heat signatures detected, however this room receives a power feed. It appears to be for the metal casket and control panel to your left, Sir.”“Aw, ain’t that sweet – they left us some toys to play with,” Tony quipped, and headed for the control panel. Natasha headed for filing cabinets against the far wall.Steve didn't look at the upright casket and its control panel straight away – he was drawn in horrified fascination instead to the chair on the other side of the room. It looked like a dentist’s chair gone wrong, with restraints for arms and legs, and the restraints for the left arm seemed oddly more elaborate and durable. There was a metal apparatus overhanging where the head would go, and Steve felt a bit sick when he saw a discarded rubber mouth guard on the dirty floor.“I think we’re looking at the remains of the Russian arm of Hydra’s cryogenic experiments, boys,” Natasha said, flipping through some files. Steve drifted away from the chair, to get a closer look at the casket – an upright metal tube, its door with a tiny grimy window set into it.“Probably hung the power for it off the grid and back up systems for the bunker upstairs when they built it, before they literally bricked it over and forgot it was there,” Tony said, fiddling with some switches. He blew some dust off the panel, only to start sneezing when it blew back into his face.“How long has it been here?” Steve asked, setting down his shield against the wall. When he walked up to the casket he could hear the faint hum of power, and the little window was on level with his face, but opaque with dirt.“Looks like it was abandoned in the late 80s. Pierce has his signature all over these reports, no surprise – they brought in the asset-” here she motioned at the cryochamber “-from Russia when the Soviets started losing control of the Union, only to discover there was some kind of malfunction. They could never use it.”Steve took a handkerchief out of one of the pouches on his belt, and heard Tony snort behind him. “You really are America’s golden – aah-CHOO! Okay, give it here.”“Not for you!” Steve called cheerfully, and used the handkerchief to swipe at the window – but paused when he realized the grime was unpleasantly damp. He laid his other hand against the cryochamber. It was cold and clammy, like a drink covered in condensation. Dread filled his stomach. “Hey Nat, they say specifically that the cryochamber is the asset they acquired? Or if it had something inside that could be the asset?”“Why?” she asked, and she and Tony both looked up as Steve gave one last firm wipe and took the filthy handkerchief away from the cryochamber window.Now somewhat clean, they could see the faint o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Amnesia
Comic Book Science
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Explicit Sexual Content
Social Media
Awesome Pepper Potts
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Domestic Fluff
Happy Ending
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

