Chapter 1: Chapter 1: Suits
    




Chapter Text
 After three days of suffering as Stark’s lab assistant, Bruce needed a shower, a cup of good tea, and some solid sleep—and not necessarily in that order. So much of Tony’s cavalier reputation came from his supposed lack of work ethic, but after living in the Tower on and off for the better part of a year, Bruce was finding quite the opposite in reality.  Sure, Tony shrugged off business meetings as if they were nothing but telemarketing calls, but he was a taskmaster in the lab.  He gave orders to bots and Bruce alike in a brusque, direct voice that Bruce had never heard before, even when they had worked together on the Helicarrier.  Of course, Bruce mused, he had never before worked with Tony in his own territory.  He demanded the same perfection from his bots as he expected from himself—which often earned the bots rather colorful threats and criticisms.  At first, Bruce had been nervous that Tony would soon be just as exasperated with him once he realized that Bruce didn’t really have a lot of practical knowledge or skill in engineering.  Sure, he had a working understanding of mechanics and electronics, but he really couldn’t do much beyond building crude appliances and fixing basic machinery. It didn’t take long before Tony asked him to assist with tasks that he had never done before, but instead of being impatient or condescending, the engineer had simply smiled, dropped whatever he was doing, and showed Bruce the procedure.  It made him feel in the way—at least Dum-E, Butterfingers, and You seemed to know the names of all the tools, unlike Bruce, who had to surreptitiously ask JARVIS more than once.Then again, when they finally parted ways, Tony had clapped him on the back and said, “You should have a doctorate in biomedical engineering to go with your collection.”  Bruce felt a flush of warmth at the memory.But, Bruce thought, the three days were worth the anxiety.  They had finalized a redesign on the intramuscular fluid delivery system in the suit and JARVIS was already fabricating the prototype.  Tony said that he had the idea for a while, but he didn’t have the background in bioengineering or the time do the research it would take to build it.  Between the two of them, though, it was surprisingly easy to design.  The new system would allow JARVIS to administer precise doses of painkillers, antibiotics, and stimulants.  If Tony was ever seriously injured in the suit, it may just save his life.  Or, Bruce’s mind wandered, allow him to fight until his last breath.  “No need to be morbid, Banner,” he muttered to himself. Bruce dragged himself across the threshold of his apartment, toed off his loafers, and left them by the door.  Judging by the stiffness of his socks on the bamboo floor, he decided that his first priority should be a shower.After the shower, Bruce stood in the kitchenette, brewing tea in his boxers and bathrobe.  “Doctor Banner,” JARVIS said with a slight edge in his voice, “Mister Stark says there is an emergency situation in the penthouse, and he requires your presence immediately.”Bruce’s pulse leapt, and he had to take a deep breath before answering. “I’m on my way!” he said, racing out the door—though he did double-back to make sure he had turned off the stove.Bruce rushed through the Tower to Tony’s penthouse suite.  All was quiet in the living room and the bar.  “Tony!” Bruce called.  “Hey, Stark, where are you?”“In here!” Tony’s voice came from his bedroom.Bruce hurried in to see Tony standing at the foot of his bed, dressed in pinstripe pants and a crisp burgundy shirt.  A bowtie hung loose around his collar.  “What’s the emergency?” Bruce asked, confused by Tony’s easy posture and formal appearance.“The emergency is that you have only twenty minutes until we have to be downstairs for the gala!”“That’s today? How long were we in the lab? And since when are you on time for anything?”“It started two hours ago!”“Oh.” Bruce sat down on the bed and rested his elbows on his knees.  “I don’t want to make anyone uncomfortable.  You know it’s not a good idea for me to be in a crowd like that.”“Why?” Tony scoffed.  “Because you might actually have a good time around living, breathing people?”“Tony, JARVIS is far more human than most people I’ve met, but you still have to admit your best friends are all robots.  You don’t like people either.”“That’s not true.  I am a philanthropist.  As long as they don’t touch me.  Or hand me things.  Or call me by my full name.  Anyway, you’re not getting out of this.  Everyone is going to be there, so people in the wrong places are going to get suspicious if you’re not there.”Damn Tony using his own paranoia against him, but he was right.  The gala was in honor of the anniversary of the Battle of Manhattan—a fundraiser hosted by Stark for the people who were still suffering from the effects of the battle.  All the Avengers would be there, even Natasha and Clint, so his absence would be reported back 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slash
Science Bros
Dom/sub
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
POV Alternating
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Bondage
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Demisexuality
Past Torture
Slow Build
Praise Kink

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

