Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Asset is strapped to the medical table, and he was given a sedative. Pierce had a hand on his chin as the technician moved the wand over the omega’s stomach. The beta nervous as he couldn’t locate any signs of life in the omega’s womb. “I’m sorry, sir. But there is nothing.”Peirce scowls at the beta and then runs a hand through his hair in frustration. The Asset is still on the table, a flare of something in his chest, but he doesn’t move. They’ll hit him if he moves right now.“It seems to be a miscarriage, sir.” The beta says.Peirce waves his hand away from his face. “Yes yes! I know! This is the fifth one, and it’s giving me bigger and bigger migraines.”The beta spares the Asset a look. “Sir, if an omega is mated their body will reject any child that isn’t from their alpha. Miscarriages are guaranteed if we continue with what we are doing.”Pierce swears under his breath and nods’, knowing the beta was right. “I know, but that is something that will have to be overcome. “The Asset hears all this from the fog that clings to his mind and can feel how the feeling in his chest has spread.-----------------Alexander is leaning back in his chair, frustrated and aggravated. They had decided to try and breed the Asset to raise a new generation of enhanced soldiers. With the serum that Zola had introduced into the omega’s body, the Asset could give birth at a much fast and easier rate. And the serum would transfer over to the offspring, or at least the computerized voice of Zola said it would.That was all great, but they hadn’t accounted for the fact that the damn omega had been mated. It was skimmed over in the transfer papers from the Russians, but that was it. There was no clue to who his mate could be, but Peirce had a feeling It was Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Too bad, the poor bastard had nosedived into the ocean.They continue with attempts to impregnate the asset, but every time is met with failure.The asset doesn’t go into heat, never has, so they induce heats medically. From once a month, it turns into every couple of months, and then they only try every couple of years. Just to see if the freezing and mind wipes will finally break the connection between the asset and his dead mate.---------------It’s been fifteen years, and Peirce is an older man now. Lines on his face and grey in his hair where it used to be blonde.He’s in charge of SHIELD, and HYDRA while Nick Fury is oblivious.He’s just leaving his office at SHEILD headquarters, when he gets a call on his private phone from Rumlow. Stepping back in his office, he voices the command for total area lockdown in his room. Accepting the call, he raises it to his ear. “What is it?”“Sir, you’re going to want to come to the Asset’s containment unit.”Possible reasons why Rumlow would bother him with the Asset start to form in his head. “Is he violent?”There’s a chuckling on the other end of the call from the alpha. “No. He’s in heat.”The information makes Peirce’s eyes widen and he looks out of his bulletproof window. “I’ll be right there. This information stays confidential. Eliminated anyone unnecessary.”“Yes, sir.”--------------Rollins opens the bank doors for him and locks it after he’s gone through.There’s only the strike team scattered in the lobby, but he’s not interested in them. Instead, his feet carry him deeper into the building to where the vaults are. After going down the stairs, he is greeted by Rumlow. They exchange their “hail hydra”s, and then the alpha steps aside for Peirce to walk into the vault.There are two technicians still in the room, but they bow their heads in submission and leave for Peirce.The smell hits him, when the last door is opened. It’s fevered and sweet, and everything an omega in heat smells like. And it’s coming from the panting figure in the corner of the room.The asset’s eyes are dilated and he is still fully clothed, but he tracks the two alphas that enter into the vault with deadly accuracy. Rumlow is ready if the omega tries anything, and Peirce walks up to the shivering omega. “What is your name?”It is said coldly and firmly.Grey eyes look just left of his face and repeat words that have long since been ingrained in his head. “An asset has no name.”There is a spark of something in the omega’s eyes though, and Peirce turns to Rumlow, completely at ease with showing his back to the omega. “What triggered this?”Rumlow shakes his head. “We don’t know. He hasn’t been given the heat stimulants.”Peirce looks back at the asset, and how there’s sweat beading down his forehead. “Well”, He kneels down so that he can be level with the omega. “Let’s see if we can fill that belly of yours, shall we? It’s wasteful to let this opportunity slip past us.” Peirce nods towards Rumlow and the alpha grins as Pierce rises and walks out of the vault.-----------Another miscarriage, but this time the asset had been violent towards the alphas that had tried to knot him.There had been resistance when they had firs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Miscarriage
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
dubcon
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
i guess?????
takes place during catws
HYDRA Trash Party
i literally think i need spiritual cleansing
slam dunk me into hell so i can rest in pieces
Mpreg
Mates
Magical Healing Cock

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

