Work Text:
She’d never really gotten the term “nerve wracking” before.  Nervous, yeah.  Nervous wreck, double check.  But never like someone had put her nerves on a torture rack and pulled them until they felt ready to snap.  That was new.  And despite what Jane had said, every time you learned a new thing was not always awesome.Like, say, discovering S.H.I.E.L.D. had classified her internship and thus her last few necessary science credits to graduate just after the deadline had passed to extend her student loans for summer school.  Which meant unless she managed to come up with tuition, room, board, fees, gas money, and all the other little things you needed to live on, she was short the critical degree she needed to apply for virtually any job that she wouldn’t hate, not to mention having to start paying back said loans on a miniscule salary.Darcy had options… except most of them sucked.  She could take some low-paying job for the summer, live in a crappy apartment, and hope she could get a forbearance (yeah, right) until she could re-apply for a loan in the fall.  She could try to convince any potential employers that just lacking a few science credits really didn’t impede the rest of her poli-sci degree, even if she hadn’t graduated.  She could take up stripping to pay the bills.“Ugh, don’t,” Jane said, shaking her head.  “There’s just a bunch of assholes at those clubs.”“But I’m hot!  I could totally make a lot of money!” Darcy said.“Hot or not, do you want that on your résumé?” Jane pointed out.Darcy sighed in defeat.  “No.  I’m gonna have to indenture, aren’t I?”“Everyone does it,” Jane said.  “I took a year to pay off my bills through indenture before I went for my doctorate.  It’s not glamorous, but it’s better than spending ten or fifteen years paying off a debt with cash, right?”“Yeah, no joke.  But it’d be different if I were indenturing for the college or for the loan company or something.  I mean, it’s kind of an open secret what they have you do…”Jane nodded in sympathy.  Indenturing was a fast way to pay off such big loans, signing yourself over to someone, usually an institution, for a year or so, doing basic services to cover the fact they were repaying your debts.  Everything was hemmed in with all kinds of legalese, and at least you got fed, clothed, and housed while you were under contract.  You weren’t really supposed to talk about what you did while indentured, but virtually every college and loan company had their contracted doing the same kinds of stuff – filing, cleaning, food service, data entry, virtually all the low-level jobs they would have had to have hired people for anyway.  People who would have, most likely, been the exact same broke college students doing the jobs now.“Well, think of it this way, being indentured to S.H.I.E.L.D. is bound to be more interesting than a loan company.”“Hey, uh… what did you end up doing?” Darcy asked.It was rude to ask, but Jane didn’t mind – it was partially her fault that Darcy was in this situation, even though she couldn’t have known everything was going to end up being classified.“I indentured with Dr. Selvig and spent my year being a lab gopher and sometimes a house lackey.  He knew we’d end up working together, and once he saw my thesis in progress, he let me do all my preliminaries in my spare time.  Honestly, it was a pretty relaxing year.”Darcy smiled nervously as she pulled up the basic indenture contract on her phone.  Sure, that had worked out great for Jane, but Jane was a genius who’d been under contract to someone in her field.  Darcy was a poli-sci major without even the protection of a degree, trying to contract under a super-spy organization.  What did she have to offer them?  She breathed out slow as she filled out her information on the form very carefully.  They couldn’t make her do anything she didn’t want to, not really, and honestly what other choice did she have?  Darcy blotted her sweating palms on her jeans and went back to typing in her information.--“Indenture contract number five-five-three, four-year uncompleted undergraduate degree, twenty-two year-old female, political science background, services negotiable.  Specifics are under her contract number in her file,” the indenture officer droned, his voice not changing inflection even as the small crowd in S.H.I.E.L.D.’s courtroom murmured with interest.  It was a damn big debt to pick up for a private citizen, but apparently individual members of S.H.I.E.L.D. had first crack at indentured contracts before the organization itself did.  All the other contracts here today were for much smaller debts, agents who’d perhaps spent their money a little intemperately, or wanted something out of their immediate reach, like a car or some home improvements they hadn’t saved for.  Short-term things that would mean six months or less of indenture, usually paid back by doing all the grunt work their contract purchaser didn’t want to do.  Friends sometimes got each other out o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Mildly Dubious Consent
Explicit Consent
Double Penetration
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

