Work Text:
“Steve, did you take your sanitation pill last night? Just need to make sure before we get started…” Tony asked as he slowly slipped Steve’s boxers off, teasingly pulling them up and down.“Yes… Come on, let’s get started. You’ve been teasing me all day,” Steve sighed as Tony took his hands away from his underwear and looked up at him.Tony furrowed his brow, looked up into the air and rubbed his hairy chin in thought. Steve had absolutely no idea what Tony was thinking about, and he didn’t care; all he wanted was for Tony to fuck the shit out of him… Literally. It became something they both loved, and they always felt closer afterward. It added a necessary spice to their relationship that they were missing, and even though Steve was a little turned off by the idea at first he was thankful that he loved Tony enough to give it a chance. Watching Tony, lost in thought as he was seated between Steve’s legs was something Steve knew he’d never grow tired of.“How about your fiber tablets? Plenty of beans? You know I like the way those make you smell and taste…” Tony smirked as he crawled up Steve’s body and kissed him.“Yes, yes, yes! Now dammit Tony, give me what I want… And if you don’t give me what I want, you don’t get what you need,” with those words Tony relented and ripped Steve’s boxers off.Steve’s cock was rock hard, and Tony couldn’t get it in his mouth fast enough. He loved the saltiness of the small amount of precome glistening on the head of Steve’s dick, and after he lapped it all up he pulled his mouth away. Tony rolled his tongue back and forth and up and down in his mouth to draw up spit and he hocked it all over Steve’s cock. Steve moaned as he took in the sight of Tony, a string of saliva connected from his lover’s mouth to the tip of his dick. There was spit dripping down the corners of his mouth, and the white bodily fluid was slick and bubbly on his member. He loved how Tony was able to make every single function of the body look sexy; never before would he have found spit to be arousing- or scat for that matter.After Steve’s dick was slick with spit, Tony slowly stroked him as he barely touched the tip with his tongue. Steve was desperate for more stimulation, and he thrust his hips up, forcing his cock into Tony’s open mouth. He could feel Tony chuckling a little from Steve’s desperation, but he wanted to please his partner to the best of his ability; Tony took Steve’s cock completely in his mouth until he could feel the blonde’s balls on his chin. Without a second thought, Steve grabbed Tony by his messy brown hair and faced fucked him, causing Tony’s eyes to water. He gagged around Steve’s cock, sending saliva flying out of the corners of his mouth.“Do you know your ABC’s, Tony? Take it all the way in your mouth and say them for me… Catch your breath first, and don’t stop looking at me,” Steve commanded as Tony pulled away from Steve’s cock and coughed.He spit up all over Steve’s cock as he coughed, and he wiped the tears away from his eyes. Tony knew he looked like a hot mess, but he didn’t care; looking at the smug, cocky look on Steve’s face because he had control was worth it. After a few seconds, Tony slurped up the remaining saliva on Steve’s cock before taking it into his mouth again. He was able to say his ABC’s with ease, though it was hard to discern the letters from one another; having a mouth full of dick didn’t exactly make it easy. Nonetheless, Tony had incredibly lung capacity, and the gurgling noise and drool that dripped down around Steve’s dick lit a fire in Steve that he loved to see. Steve whimpered from the pleasurable feeling of Tony’s oral expertise, and he knew that if he didn’t stop he’d shoot his load within moments.“T-Tony… Get the lube… It’s on your left… You need to stop being so incredible at what you do…” Steve panted after five minutes of receiving Tony’s oral prowess, and his chest heaved up and down as he fought back his orgasm.Tony took Steve’s cock out of his mouth slowly, pressing his tongue flat and firm up Steve’s length as he did so. He left a long trail of wet, slick saliva behind and he pressed a kiss to the head of Steve’s dick before licking up the spit that was running down it. Tony knew that this was essentially torture, but he didn’t care; seeing Steve fall apart was perfect, and nothing could ever give him greater satisfaction. Well, except for Steve shitting of course.Ready to give into Steve’s pleading, Tony grabbed the bottle of lube from beside him. He opened it, poured it directly onto his cock and rubbed it thoroughly on his length. The lubricant was a little cold, and a shiver ran down his spine from the feeling. Tony already felt overstimulated from watching Steve whimper and his barely contained excitement for what was about to come, but the sensation still was welcomed. Adding a little cold to the mix during sexual play was enjoyable, which he knew from the times that he role-played Steve’s necro kink, and Tony wondered if 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rimming
Anal Sex
Anal Plug
Anal Play
Wet & Messy
Spit Kink
Scat
Coprophilia
Creampie
Sweat
Felching
Oral Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

