Chapter 1: I Wanna Get A Little Frisky
    




Chapter Text
Okay, so here’s the thing: Cats? Solitary creatures by nature. Leave them alone and you’ve got the best relationship you can hope for. Tony knows this, he gets it. He always figured that was why his dad was never close with his mom or him. His mom, rest her soul, had always tried to be close to him when she could, brushing her thin tail against his in an attempt to twine the two. He’d never seen his dad’s ears…or tail for that matter. But he always assumed that was who he had inherited the tiger striped ears and tail from. (And whatever moron that had decided to make him a tiger was going to get a box of those Frosted Flakes shoved up their ass if Tony ever found them.)That is, until Captain Choirboy had gotten de-iced, and it just wasn’t fair that Tony had to slick down his tail and ears every morning whereas Steve popped out of the Arctic with a perfectly coifed golden tail with matching silky ears, and had stopped the first time he’d seen Tony’s own appendages, the billionaire having stepped out of the SHIELD bioshower. (Really, HYDRA? You ignorant asshats. Who used pheremonal warfare anymore?!)“O-Oh…you’re a cat.” He stammered, ears drooping a bit to match the stupid dumbfounded look on his face.“Yes. Problem?” Tony hissed, his ears flat and tail twitching behind him in aggravation.Like there was anything wrong with being a cat. Coulson was a cat. Barton was a cat. Hell, the sweet old lady in the SHIELD cafeteria who Tony’d seen slip Cap extra cookies was a calico! So what in the hell….“It’s just….uh….your dad…” Steve stuttered out, cocking his head and blinking.“What about him?!” Tony snapped, hands on his hips and tail stick straight out behind him.At that point, Clint nudged up behind him, curling a gentle hand around Tony’s tail and letting the genius wind it around his wrist. The smell and touch of another of his kind had somewhat quelled the rage, but it still bubbled as Steve looked more and more confused.“He was a rabbit, and I looked it up and it said your mom was a lab, so I guess I don’t…understand.”“He was….Excuse me?!” Tony choked out, eyes wide.There was no freaking way. The asshole who’d never had time for any sort of physical affection, let alone emotional, could not have been one of the most cuddle prone and softest designations out there.“Uh, yeah. Rabbit. Bunny?” Steve explained, propping his hands on his head with the index fingers straight up in some apparent attempt to play an impromptu game of charades.Tony scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest, studiously ignoring the way their little argument had attracted the attention of the rest of their boyband, and leaning back into Clint’s hard body. The skin to skin contact comforted him even more and he let out a tiny purr at the arms Hawkeye wrapped around his waist to steady him further. A quick glance around while Steve was still fumbling for words let Tony know the others were torn between amusement, befuddlement, and concern.Natasha’s red and black-tipped tail was swinging behind her gently, the metronome motion matching the slight smirk on her face. Thor’s huge bushy tail, apparently desginations on Asgard were of Asgardian animals so Pointbreak was something called a Hundr which translated into big ass ears and a tail fluffier than the Akita’s Tony had seen wandering around, was tucked low to his body as he looked between them with a confused tilt to his head. Bruce’s whipcord thin tail was tucked between his legs, his shoulders hunched as if he expected fists to start flying at any moment.Which, to be honest, Tony could not assure wasn’t a possibility.“There’s no damn way that alcoholic bastard was a rabbit, Rogers. Maybe he just had really long ears.” Tony stated, and bit back a grin at the way the soldier’s cheeks flushed in anger.Man, Bait the Boy Scout was turning into his favorite game.“I don’t think there’s any way for me to be mistaken, Tony. Your dad was a rabbit.”“Mmmm, yeah? And how are you so sure about that? My dad made an art of deceiving and lying, businessman and all. How do you know he wasn’t just fooling you?”“Because rabbits are the only designation whose ears are sensitive instead of their tails!”“And again, Rogers, deceiver. Throw in a fake shudder when something brushed his ears, keep them away from other people and voila! Suddenly everyone thinks Howard Stark’s a fluffy bunny.”Steve clenched his fists at his sides, baring his teeth in a snarl that had Tony’s ears flattening as he hissed in return, Clint gripping on tighter and stiffening at his back.“I know they were sensitive because if I wanted him to cum, all I had to do was lick them!”Uh….Um….Oh.Guess that explained his parent’s lack of affection and the single minded Capsicle search.Tony’s ears popped back up as he stood there in shock, Rogers clapping a hand over his mouth like a kid who’d said a bad word in front of a teacher. His whole face was flushed blood-red, and for a moment in his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
past Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
Everyone/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Howard Stark/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thor
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers/Clint Barton/James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Past Phil Coulson/Original Male Character
Nick Fury/Maria Hill
Jasper Sitwell/Clay Quartermain
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hints of Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Top Phil Coulson
Protective Phil Coulson
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Catboys & Catgirls
Cat Tony Stark
Alternate Universe
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Rimming
Dirty Talk
Barebacking
Rough Sex
hints of D/s
Deepthroating
Face-Fucking
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Fivesome
Felching
Come Shot
Comeplay
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Seriously Everyone Is Screwing Everyone In This Thing
Except For Some People
I'm Bad At Tagging
Angst
Fuck This Was Supposed To Be Happy
I'm so sorry
Triggers
mentions of past Miscarriage
Mentions of Past Stillbirth
Phil Coulson Feels
Jasper Is An Adorable Bunny
Nick Fury Swears
So Many Liberties With Science
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Smart Thor
Mentions of Past OMC Suicide
Suicide Note Blame
PLEASE HEED THE TAGS
Bonding
Biting
Pregnancy
Asgard
Sex Magic
Bruce Banner Feels
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Thor Is Not Stupid
Possessive Behavior
Consensual Infidelity
Lies and subterfuge
Partner Betrayal
Technically?
Impregnation Kink
Pregnant Sex
Making Love
Meddling
Odin's A+ Parenting
Awesome Frigga
Blood
Pain
Wall Sex
Crying
Angst and Porn
Phone Calls & Telephones
Childbirth
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
past Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
Everyone/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Howard Stark/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thor
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers/Clint Barton/James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Past Phil Coulson/Original Male Character
Nick Fury/Maria Hill
Jasper Sitwell/Clay Quartermain
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hints of Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Pepper Potts

