Work Text:
There's a soft whine and the feel of Steve's breath against his ear and Bucky thinks he must be still asleep. There's no chance Steve's in his bed, on his back - "Are you biting my neck?"There's another one of those soft whines and Bucky can feel Steve's lips on his skin, touches he'd think of as kisses if only it weren't Steve - "Hey - "There's finally a startled sound, a startled 'oh', and another, louder 'oh' and then Steve's scrambling off his bed and Bucky finally makes to sit up.He catches Steve before he gets too far, and there's Steve on the edge of his bed, looking at him with wide scared eyes and a blush that makes Steve look like he's sunburnt (or sick, goes the part of Bucky's mind that's learned to watch for those signs in Steve) and Bucky needs to know what's going on. Now."Steve, what's going on?"Steve covers his face with his free hand and muffles an apology. His breathing is funny, Bucky can't help but notice, but it's not asthma-funny, not yet, and he tugs on Steve's arm. "C'mere."Steve almost immediately shakes his head, lowering his hand to look at Bucky, and there's something else, some detail he'd missed earlier: his pupils are dilated."Are you sick?" Bucky asks, but it's so clearly a yes that - "No," says Steve."Then what is it? Hey, c'mere."Steve shakes his head again and doesn't budge."I'm not angry," Bucky tries, and in all fairness if this was Steve trying to come onto him he'd be the opposite of angry. But Steve looks sick, sick and scared and that's something else entirely. "What's wrong with you?""It just happens," Steve mutters. "I'll be okay in the morning.""You haven't told me what 'it' is yet.""Bucky, I," Steve swallows and shifts, almost squirming a little, and Bucky raises his eyebrows when he notices the bulge in Steve's underwear. "It's normal."Normal, really. Maybe if Steve had been drinking. Bucky looks him up and down and shakes his head."Not for most folks, pal," Bucky points out, and Steve gives a little huff before looking at him."It's normal for me," he says, almost indignantly. "Sorry I came over here.""You going to tell me exactly what it is anytime soon?" Bucky asks, not unreasonably.Steve shakes his head once, twice, probably to clear his head, then nods. "I don't know what it's called. Ask me later. Can't think right now."If Bucky didn't know better he'd think that Steve was drunk, or having a fever, but Steve's leaning towards him and he makes a decision to ask Steve the rest later."What helps?" He asks, pulling Steve back towards him so he can lean into him like it looks like he needs to, and Steve makes a soft sound in his throat before he all but plasters himself to Bucky. "That?""Sorry," Steve says, and his breath is speeding up again in a way that makes Bucky worry about him. "Sorry.""Quit apologizin' and tell me what helps," Bucky insists."Wait it out," Steve says, pressing his forehead to Bucky's shoulder. "It always stops."Like squeezing blood from a stone - "How long does it take to stop?""Takes a week," Steve answers. "I'm - I'm not always this bad, I've got it under control when it happens."There's one big question Bucky will have to figure out for himself - how'd he miss this? But he doesn't ask it, not when Steve's shaking in his hold and making soft helpless sounds and whatever's going on with him Bucky has to help.He rubs Steve's back, pretends that it's no different from all the times they've slept together for warmth in winter, rests a hand on the back of Steve's head and he murmurs: "We'll wait it out, Steve. That's the only way to make it stop, right?"He feels the nod against his shoulder and that decides it. He'll sit there as long as he needs to.--His resolve lasts half an hour. Half an hour of Steve twitching and breathing funny against his skin and refusing to talk but making plenty of weird little sounds that Bucky bets signal arousal.Screw it, he thinks. He has to do something."Steve," he says, and is that a whine he hears? "You sound like you're having sex."Steve splutters, looking up at him with outrage, and Bucky laughs, just relieved to see something other than fear there."I'm not kidding! Sounds like you're - ""Bucky!" Steve swats at him, and that's good, distracting him is working. Bucky grins, completely shameless. "I am not - ""Try covering that up and telling me that again," he says, pointedly looking down, and that - that gets an unexpected response, because Steve makes a strangled sound and sways towards him, then jerks back and makes another break for it."Hey, hey hey hey - " Bucky moves, pinning him down. "Stay where I can keep an eye on you."Steve makes a noise into the sheets and turns his head, and there's something new all over again: it sounds like a growl."Something wrong with my face?""Ah - " Steve's eyes clear, and he buries his face in the sheets again. "Sorry." Bucky can barely hear the mumble."You are all kinds of weird, Steve," Bucky murmurs. "I'm gonna let you up now. Don't fall off the bed."They 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
A/B/O
AU
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

