Work Text:
Bucky was born with the words "Are you okay?" emblazoned straight down his sternum in perfect calligraphy like the world's least effective 'get well soon' card.When he was a little kid he assumed that his soulmate was his mother, because he got into a lot of scrapes and she asked him that all the time. That suited his four-year-old self just fine. When he was older, and way less keen on marrying his mom, the dicks he hung out with in high-school would ask him that while staring meaningfully into his eyes until he threatened to kick their asses. By the time he joined the army, the only ones who knew what his words said were the administrators who read his enlistment forms and his best buddy Clint, who had wheedled it out of him during a drunken night in London on their way to Afghanistan. When Clint had returned the favor, it was one of the best moments of Bucky's life. Because Clint's words were: I'm not an angel, I'm your nurse, which at least meant he'd probably survive their tour of duty. It meant Bucky could risk getting close to the guy, maybe even having him as a real friend. Bucky's folks were dead, and all he knew about Becca was that his she was teaching somewhere in the Pacific; they hadn't spoken in years. Bucky thought it was kind of nice having someone who gave a shit about him.Clint insisted that Bucky's words meant he'd survive too, but Bucky was pretty sure people would ask if you were okay even while you were circling the drain.Mostly, he tried not to think about his words too much, and especially what kind of situation he might end up in where someone would ask. On the long, boring recon missions where no one was shooting at them, Clint liked to fuck around with lists of non-lethal reasons Bucky might be asked. Hangovers came up a lot."Maybe you twist your ankle," Clint offered. Bucky wiped his face with his hand, his palm coming away grimy with dust and sweat. God he hated the desert. "Maybe you meet that nurse because I shoot you myself."Clint grinned. "You know you whine like a bitch when you're hurt.""You know you'll whine like a bitch when I pound your teeth in."Clint burst out laughing. "So sensitive!" He made puppy-dog eyes. "Are you okay?""Fuck you." Bucky shifted his pack higher on his shoulders. It felt like the sand was grinding down into his bones. Reilly and Grant, the other two members of Bucky's small squad were walking a few steps ahead of them, looking equally as bored and unimpressed with the sepia landscape. Grant kept scuffing his feet, kicking rocks and pebbles; probably pissed at the world again."Hey, wake the fuck up over there, Grant," Bucky called."Sir! Yes, Sir!" Grant said. He didn't kick the next rock.Bucky rolled his eyes but he didn't call Grant up for his mild insubordination. He couldn't really blame the kid for how he felt. "What the fuck are we even out here for?" he groused to Clint. "We're supposed to be doing reconnaissance on what? Fucking goats?" He jutted his chin at a couple cropping at the sparse, dry grass. "You think those look dangerous, Barton?""Why? Pissed-off ex-girlfriend?" Clint gave him a shit-eating grin."Just your mother," Bucky retorted. "Now I know where you get your looks from.""And the charm," Clint winked. "Don't forget the charm.""How can I forget something I've never—" The world blew up around them.
"Stop laughing," Steve growled. "Come on, Sam—it's not funny!""No, no. You're right. It's not funny. It's hilarious." Sam was laughing so hard that he kept moving out of frame on the screen of Steve's Starkphone. "Tell me again how you met your 95 year-old soulmate at the library.""She's not my soulmate!" Steve glowered at Sam. "And she's not 95, she's sixty. And her name's Peggy." Sam disappeared off the screen and there was a thunk as he rolled off his bed onto the floor, still laughing. "You know her name!""Shut up. She introduced herself. And she's not my soulmate! She just couldn't hear me.""Yeah, because she's 95…"Steve sighed heavily. "Fuck off.""What?" Sam said, and then burst into fresh peals of laughter."Just because your soulmark isn't a generic question like mine doesn't mean you get to make fun of it.""I'm not making fun of your soulmark, Steve," Sam said with great sincerity. "I'm just making fun of you. And your Boy Scout ways. Did Ms. Peggy who is only sixty appreciate you offering to get that book off the high shelf, stud?""You're an ass." "She did, didn't she?""I don't know," Steve mumbled. "She didn't hear me.""What?" "Fuck off!" Steve swore again. His phone flashed. "Natasha's on the other line, so I'm hanging up on you now.""What?" Sam said, still laughing, as his image switched to Natasha's face. She looked pissed off, all but glowering at her phone screen. "What's wrong?" he asked her. "Did you have a bad shift?""No," she said flatly. "My shift was fine, except for my fucking sergeant. Things went to hell right after, when I changed out of my uniform." She took a breath. "I got them.""What did you—" Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Homeless Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers
Gratuitous Kitten References
OTP: Till the End of the Line
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

