Work Text:
Two minutes.Tony gives himself two minutes to think. About what a fuck up this whole situation was. About how he could have done better. About how he failed the Avengers again. About how if he just got Ste- Ro- Him to listen to his point. About how if he had explained the situation to Wanda herself rather then leaving it to Vision. About how he could have talked to a different member of team Captain bloody Fucking America.But also what if He had just listened. What if He had just trusted him with the Zemo situation, Tony did prove he would go even with the accords, that shows He was wrong- right?

































He thinks about the shield and the destroyed arm. About his arc reactor, at least it wasn't his heart still.
He takes a breath and pushes himself up on to his elbows, gasping in pain as his left arm burns with pain. Broken, okay. At least it wasn't my heart, he thinks.
It takes twenty minutes to get out of the suit. It's heavy without the powered hydraulics for one thing but also he has to go very slowly as to not upset his injuries, he's sure at least one of his ribs is broken. He leaves the suit on his broken arm as to serve as a splint and drags the suit down to the main entryway.
He scavenges for parts and makeshift tools to fix the back-up power banks, the reactor is beyond fixable and he chokes on air, reminding himself it is no longer the key to his survival.
It takes ten hours but finally the suit can be partially powered on meaning the suit is still mostly dead weight but he can fly out of this place of death.
-
T'Challa stars to get angsty after two hours. He has picked up Zemo, Barnes and Rogers and they are in his get, flying to Wakanda. He expects to have heard from a Tony by now, he has no idea what happened in the bunker but he is sure his husband would have contacted him by then, would have told him what was happening. Unless he was dead.
He shakes his head, banning those thoughts, Rogers had told him Tony was fine. Then why wasn't he calling?
It is two days later he gets the call, Barnes wants to go back into cryo, Romanoff has showed up and they are planning a RAFT breakout. The phone rings, the opening to Black Sabbath's Iron Man playing (Tony had changed it after that ridiculous press conference as a joke, it was never changed back). T'Challa blows out a breath and rushes out of the conference room the four were sitting in, answering the call straight away so none of them would recognize the song (and therefore the caller).
"Tony, are you okay?" He breathes.
"I'm good Kitty, a little banged up, I would have called sooner but it's been so busy, explaining my actions to everyone. I already have the first set of amendments ready to put through, I've started improving the leg braces SI medical sell so Rhodey can actually walk, I've been collecting proof of Ross's illegal activities but it won't be useful for another couple of months, someone issued a statement about Germany but nobody knows about Siberia, it's gonna stay that way. Natasha is gone, she's probably coming to you by the way," Tony rambles madly.
"Have you slept at all? You always ramble and rush your sentences when you're sleep deprived," T'Challa notes.
"Oh not really, I tried but woke up pretty quickly, I'll tell you later, I can't keep it to myself, I've already explained to Rhodey, he woke up yesterday but this is just a check in, I'll video call you when it's cooled down a bit, may be about a week though," Tony tells him.
"Okay, I'll look forward to it," T'Challa says, feeling a bit defeated, he can't even help his husband in his time of need.
"UN meetings resume in a month, I'll have the first amendments through by then, have fun breaking the others out," Tony says and hangs up.
T'Challa goes back into the meeting room to questioning gazes.
"Who was that?" Asked Rogers.
"My husband," T'Challa answers.
"What was the rush about?" Barnes asks, squinting.
"He hasn't called in a few days, he's been dealing with a family emergency and I worry," T'Challa tells him. He knows Romanoff and Barnes are searching for a lie and while knowing he could fool them, it is easier not to by keeping it vague. He marriage to Tony is a huge secret (that the whole of Wakanda knows of but they're a closed country and very loyal with the secret).
-
Tony sprints through the next four months, it's a rush of putting Ross on hold, moving the Bartons and Lang's family to secure locations, smashing the phone He sends him, moving Rhodey and Vision back into the tower, pushing for accords amendments, making deals with the NYPD for Spiderman, turning the old headquarters into an inhuman school and training base, making improvements to the braces while watching Rhodey's physical therapy, meetings for everything and trying to call T'Challa as much as he can. He is sleep deprived to the max, every time he closes his eyes he dreams of Barnes hand around his mother's throat, Him slamming the shield down, into his neck, into the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark is awesome
he is my favourite
Not Steve- friendly
Because he is a moron
I don't blame Bucky
Fix-It
ish
almost
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

