Work Text:
The fight with Doom was rough and ugly – when weren’t their fights – but they were ready for it. Damage remained contained, the ambush failed to catch them unawares, and they all came out of it in one piece.If they hadn’t known the attack was coming, Steve caught himself thinking, if they’d been caught off-guard as planned…He half waited, after, for Loki to come. The attack had been on the news, and Loki would likely know regardless – however he knew things like that – but there was only thorough silence for the month after. Nothing. Tony fielded Fury’s demands for where they’d gotten the intel. Thor watched him with a worried expression, and opened his mouth sometimes as if to say something, but never quite did. Steve tried to resign himself to what he suspected might be a permanent silence.It wasn’t.Loki was sprawled casually in one of the chairs of the one of the many living rooms when Steve wandered in with a vague notion of watching an old film by himself. Tony had joined him once, but Steve had only ended up snapping at him for snarking at the screen through the whole thing, and they mutually concluded it was best for Tower peace if Tony stayed out of Steve’s occasional forays into nostalgia.Right now, however, Loki looked perfectly at ease, and smiled at Steve when he stopped dead in the doorway, a smile with just a few too many teeth.“Good afternoon, Captain,” he said, smoothly, as though this were nothing out of the ordinary at all, and with all the perfect nonchalance that refused to acknowledge any past confrontations. Steve held in the urge to sigh from exasperation.The chief emotion Steve found that he felt, though, was relief. That Loki was alive, unharmed, and it wasn’t until he felt it that he realized there’d been a quiet dread in his chest that Loki had been found out and killed, or worse. That in taking a risk and warning them, he would have condemned himself and all the progress Steve couldn’t help but think he’d made would just be…gone.On the other hand… “What are you doing?” he asked, though more tiredly than with any real rancor. “Everyone’s here, in the tower-”“And otherwise occupied,” Loki broke in. “I do not expect we shall have any interruptions.”Steve rubbed his forehead. “I thought we were going to meet normally. Not…this.”“Were we? Ah, must have slipped my mind.” Loki’s smile was too wide and entirely disingenuous. “My most sincere apologies.” Steve half opened his mouth, decided it wasn’t worth it, and closed it. “You will be pleased to know,” Loki went on, “that Doom suspects nothing, that I have managed to maintain my…working relationship…with him, and that I thoroughly enjoyed the little fit he threw after you routed his attack.”Steve sighed, and rubbed his eyes. “I’m not exactly pleased you’re still…associating with Doom.”Loki’s eyebrows arched. “No? You have a potential source of information on his nefarious plans, I am not imposing on your hospitality, and I keep my fragile alliance. It seems to me everybody wins.”“I don’t need to tell you that if Doom finds out-”Loki’s eyes glittered oddly. “He won’t.” Steve wondered how he could be so sure, and then just as quickly wondered if he wasn’t. And that was the thing, wasn’t it? He’d never know when Loki was telling the truth and when he wasn’t. All he had were best guesses.“And besides,” Steve added, “I just don’t like it.”“Worried he’ll be a bad influence?” The tilt of Loki’s mouth was unmistakably mocking. Steve decided to ignore it and crossed his arms over his chest.“Maybe,” he said, solidly. He was momentarily tempted to add and I’m worried that you’ll get yourself into trouble you can’t get out of but felt self conscious even thinking it. It was Natasha’s words he thought of, suddenly – this isn’t just a moral crusade for you, is it. Of course, he still wasn’t sure what it was. Loki’s expression flickered, though barely.“I don’t think you need worry about that,” Loki said, his tone just the same. “If I – ah – lapse into my wicked ways - it shall be solely by my own choice.”“Do you think you’re going to?” Steve asked bluntly. Loki’s eyebrows quirked.“How do you expect me to answer that question?” He adopted an expression of pious innocence. “No, Captain, of course not – I will swear it by all that is good and true in the nine realms, that from this day forth I shall be a pillar of virtue. Ha!” His eyes glittered, mocking again as he let his head fall back across the arm of the chair so Steve could just see his pale throat stretched out bare. Sprawled like that, limbs loose and eyes half closed, he looked…Steve found himself suddenly self-conscious. “It was a serious question,” he protested. “I want to know if you think you’ll…decide to start causing trouble again.”“I don’t know,” Loki said, airily. Steve frowned.“You don’t know? How can you not know what you’ll do?”“I cannot predict the future.” Loki sat up again, propped on his elbows, his smile almost apologetic. “I cannot say what may happen.”Steve hesitate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
weirdest friends ever
Steve's still too decent
Loki's still a goddamn mess
but might be getting better
or at least trying
Slash
Boys Kissing
Dinner
Conversations
accidental redemption arcs are the best redemption arcs
somewhat gratuitous whump
Blood and Injury
Sexually Aggressive Loki
Steve's into it though
Post Avengers (Movie)
facing consequences for your choices sucks man
Flirting
just a little chaaaange~

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

