Work Text:
Loki was nuzzling his neck.Loki was nuzzling his neck and hugging him from behind in public. The mage’s arms were wrapped around his waist and he was being pulled flush against his lover’s chest as Loki sighed happily against him.“Um, Lokes,” Tony murmured while patting Loki’s hand gently, “you feeling okay?”Loki hummed against him and pressed a sweet little kiss to his neck; Tony shivered and tried not to melt through the floor. His eyes had dropped closed and he didn’t even care about the sniggers that Steve and Clint were smothering in their champagne glasses; he was going to enjoy this.Sure, Loki was probably going to fucking murder someone tomorrow, but fuck, they’d been together two years and the best he could normally hope for from Loki was the mage standing a bit too close or crowding him against a wall.Loki didn’t do affection; yet here he was, surprise hugging Tony and pressing his hands to Tony’s stomach. Not to mention rubbing his nose and cheek all over the side of Tony’s face and neck like a cat.It was fucking bliss, okay?It was too bad Tony had a God damn conscience.Opening his eyes, he asked again, “Seriously, Lo’, what did you have? Are you feeling okay?” He scanned the room, trying to find Thor. “Is there a magic-user in the tower we don’t know about?”“I’m happy,” Loki told him quietly and Tony froze, his eyes going wide at the soft confession. “Happy you’re mine. You’re happy you’re mine, Anthony?”“I,” Tony cleared his throat, “yes, I am.”Tony was rapidly revisiting his memory of the night, stopping and zeroing in on Clint’s gleefully wide smirk and hip flask. Fuck. He caught the archer’s eyes and mouthed ‘what did you do?’ Clint grinned and made a tipping motion with the flask over his drink. He then winked and turned away like the asshole he was.“Oookay, Loki,” Tony answered, planning sweet fucking revenge later. “I think you’ve had a bit too much to drink from Barton’s imported damn beverages and I-”“You make me so happy,” Loki told him, his arms tightening as he bodily dragged Tony closer, making the engineer stumble. Loki made a pleased sort of purring noise. “Mine. My Anthony, my mortal, my Tony.”Tony’s mouth felt dry. It wasn’t that he didn’t know Loki cared about him, he did, it was just that Loki didn’t naturally show it. His feelings were layered and subtle, his caring was only ever briefly felt. A kiss on his forehead when Tony was almost asleep, fingers carding through his hair in the morning that they both mutually ignored when it was over. Little unguarded things.Loki would smile at him sometimes too; soft and beautiful and unbearably tender - but they never talked about it. They lived together and they slept together. Loki always soothed his muscles and wiped him clean after making him scream with pleasure. He took care of him with the utmost perfection and called him 'worthy of a Prince'. It was his highest form of compliment and something Tony didn’t tease him for, if only to hear him say it again.It was the closest he’d ever come to an ‘I love you’ and Tony was okay with that. He was happy with knowing that Loki wouldn’t hold his hand or kiss his cheek, but that Loki cared for him in other ways. Loki lifted his sleeping form from the lab and tucked him into bed. Loki gently healed his wounds and chastised him with a fine shake in his normally steady hands.Loki loved him and he loved Loki, they just... didn’t talk about it and God, they didn’t show it. Not like this.People weren’t even really looking at them, well, apart from the original Avengers who were well aware of how their relationship worked - and were taking photos, oh God. The women were also cooing. Loki was going to decimate the tower when he woke up tomorrow and saw the footage.“Loki...” Tony started, looking around the room and hoping for an exit. He needed to drag Loki’s drunken ass somewhere secluded until he became sober again. Shifting slightly, Tony tried to take a step that would lead them away from the party, but it was like pushing against gravity. He almost sprung back into Loki’s body; the hold of his arms was so strong.“No,” Loki told him with all the petulance of the very drunk, and all the command of an expectant Prince.“I’m not going anywhere, Loki,” Tony told him, amused despite himself. “Not without you, now come on.” He tried again, but while the resistance wasn’t as bad, he still wasn’t going anywhere fast. He forced down the urge to sigh. “Loki?"“Happy. Here.” Loki told him firmly, a significant pause placed between the words. Loki’s body also curved even further around him as he squeezed Tony softly. Hugging and holding him in a full body motion of possession.Tony didn’t even hide his smile. He moved his hands down to cover and stroke Loki’s. He did lower his voice slightly though, “I know, but you can cuddle me better in bed. We’ll get under the blankets and go to sleep, just you and me. Doesn’t that sound better?”It sure as hell sounded better to Tony. He loved a clingy, purri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Wordcount: 5.000-10.000
Drunkenness
Drunken Confessions
Affection
Public Display of Affection
Avenger Loki
Good Loki
Loki Feels
Poor Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Love Confessions
Love
Declarations Of Love
Feels
Schmoop
Hugs
Cutesy
Fluff
Romantic Fluff
Insecurity
Embarrassment
happiness
Fluffy Ending
Post-Avengers (2012)
Drink Spiking
Happy Ending
Happy
Cuddling & Snuggling
Loki Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

