Chapter 1: What Now?
    




Chapter Text

 

 

 

So this is where he died. 

 

Gasping and wheezing he tore fruitlessly at his chest, already feeling that hot crimson wetness seep through his fingers. He tried to focus, every movement agony as he laboured to breath. His every inhale and exhale a battle; one he was fast loosing. 

 

Wide eyed he stared upwards, wondering if he should be scared, frightened of the unknown. Instead he found his cloudy mind wondering ideally if the sky had always been so clear and blue.  

 

The metal felt like it was working deeper into his flesh, biting sharply.

 

 It wasn’t so bad really… the pain was even beginning to fade now.  His lips curled in a wry smile as unseeing dark eyes began to drift closed.  

 

Perhaps it wasn’t so bad to die. 
 -#-#-#- “Sir!” Director Fury paused as Agent Maria Hill caught up with him; “Yes?” he asked with a tone of a man whose time was precious. “Sir we received an important a report from the Northern base.”  Nick Fury said nothing arching an irritated eyebrow, pinning Hill with a thinly veiled look of annoyance. Hill looked fit to burst, but managed to maintain her decorum, “They found him sir.” “Found him?” he echoed face puzzled for a brief moment before his brow cleared, and morphed into something resembling shocked surprise. “They found him,” he reiterated. The Agent nodded; “Yes sir they did…” eagerly she turned to show him a video feed from the tablet in her hands. It displayed a block of ice on a table surrounded by men and women in lab coats working feverishly, running machines and scanners as they all but ran one another over in excitement. As Fury watched a doctor moved out of the way allowing the viewer a good look at a very distinctive shield discernable through the ice. A star ringed in red and blue. “Sir?” Hill drew his attention back to her. He had to all but pry his eyes from the live feed. He managed lock eyes with her, she was grinning now. A genuine giddily smile spreading her normally solemn features, “He’s alive Sir.” -#-#-#- “You wanted to see me Sir,” a man in desert combats looked up from his work at the voice. “Tony, you don’t have to call me sir, ” he trailed off exasperated as the big man grinned roguishly falling into parade rest before him. “I know Rhodey but it bugs the hell out of you,” Colonial James Rhodes glared at his long time friend Lieutenant Anthony Stark with irritated affection.  “I should really be calling you sir by now…if you weren’t such an insubordinate ass,” he grumbled tossing his pen onto the small table. Eyes fixing on the other man as he sat back on the folding chair crossing his arms. The Lieutenant snorted tugging his helmet off; reveling dark sweat matted hair plastered to his head, “And spend the rest of my life behind a desk? No thank you.” Rhodes cocked his head amused, eyes taking in the too large figure of his friend. He had known Tony a long, long, time. Too long it felt like sometimes. They had started together in basic, before their paths had diverged, he had taken to the sky…and Tony had ended up in the Special Forces. At least he had up until a year ago. “It’s not so bad you know…being a pencil pusher,” he hedged looking away from the deeply tanned face. Tony was no dummy, as a matter of fact all those boring IQ tests he’d written in his life would claim he was a genius. However it didn’t take a genius to figure out was going on here,“You where always terrible at being diplomatic, tell me what’s on your mind Rhodey.” Sighing his life long friend ran a hand through close-cropped hair, “Your physical evaluations came back.” Tony stiffed spine snapping ramrod straight. A very pregnant pause filling the small canvassed space, “And?” he probed softly eyes dropping to the sand beneath his feet. Colonial Rhodes wished he were anywhere but here, doing anything but this. He didn’t want to be the one to tell his friend. Yet the words still slipped from his lips, “Unfit for combat.” The words were a knife to his already ruined chest. Tony knew it had been coming, had been expecting it sooner rather then later. Still he had hoped to doge this particular bullet a little longer. God only knew how many had grazed him in his life. He knew it wasn’t Rhodey’s fault; he was just the middleman. Still the big marine really wanted to just crack him one in the face. Even if it wouldn’t help a damn thing. “It was coming,” he mumbled unable to help the sag of broad shoulders, tromping down the rage. “Tony this is a good thing, you retire with full honours, a war hero,” the airman tried to reason. Tony gritted his teeth, barely restraining from yelling in rage, “And do what James? I’ve been in this military more years then a care to remember.” The Colonial was standing now coming around the poor excuse for a desk, “You could finally take over the company, Pepper -“ Tony cut him off with a bitter chuckle. “I can’t think of a worse fate then taking over my fathers legacy,” he spat the words, face 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Military
Military Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
bara
Steve Feels
Hurt Steve
PTSD
No Iron Man
Big Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

