Work Text:
Clubs weren't Peter's scene. Seriously. He'd rather dig into a tub of ice cream and watch Audrey Hepburn movies with aunt May before he put on mesh tops and leather and shimmed his butt into the night. But Jameson said he wanted super hero drama of the night and he was going to damn well get it because Peter liked eating and not living in a box in an alley. See, being a super hero didn't really pay. Some people managed to have that going for them, but Spiderman got blasted in the press so much that he had many outstanding fines and cases against him. So it was like  negative pay.Plus, he hadn't even gotten any funds from those horrible movie trilogy they filmed about him. The script was horrid, really, the guy had no sense of humor, and looked vaguely like a Hobbit. If he was going to be in a movie which he never saw a bit of money from while they stole his life story, the least they could've done was get it right.Anyway, Peter would've stuck out like a sore thumb if he tried to wear what he usually did. For him, it was  t-shirts and jeans, maybe a shirt underneath or a flannel shirt if it was cold. But today? It was leather. Pleather, actually. No animal cruelty and all. His target of the night was She-Hulk, which was only making it worse because he really wouldn't like her when she was angry and tearing him limb from limb.Not a ton of people liked journalists, but nobody liked the paparazzi. They were universally loathed as vultures picking at carrion and guess what? He just joined the photojournalist version of the Evil League of Evil.His life was going grand, thanks.It seemed some weird karma that he was the one harping on other super heroes, even if he was technically only the photographer. Peter felt a little seedy selling out his own. And in pleather pants, to boot. But, aunt May needed her medications somehow. It wasn't his fault that Jameson suddenly wanted to 'garner more interest' by turning the paper into something like the super hero version of those celeb gossip mags.There were a few non-super hero (or at least not that he could tell) couples grinding on the floor, in dayglo colors that bared a lot of skin. Clothes that were probably really expensive too, for what little material was there. The music was a driving industrial beat and was killing his ears. Improved senses were really not helping here. All he could think (besides oh man, what am I doing here?) was that this must be how Daredevil felt. Peter was sure that he was sticking out. What was he supposed to do? Mingle? He flashed a grin at a girl with blue lipstick to match her spiky hair."Hi. Nice party, eh?"She glared at him, flipped him the finger and moved on down the line. So much for that.The thing was, it was hard to sneak a camera in here, considering that the clothes had to be skintight. Nothing said 'I peddle drugs and/or am a secret evil photojournalist' than a giant duffle bag. It also harshed the cool. Not to mention that even if he had found someone, there was a large chance that in this lighting it'd be little more than a blur of shadowy figures. Maybe that'd cut it in the art gallery, but Jameson would not be pleased. It was possible that those higher-end new models could do something about it, but those cost money. Money that he did not have and would not have unless he ratted out on the lives of his fellow super heroes. Ok, now he just looked like a giant narc.  Giving up for the minute, Peter slipped out a side door and into an ally. The music was thankfully, a dull roar out there. He ran his hands through his hair and put his lens cap back on. Maybe he could catch a bit of traditional super hero actual crime fighting–or do more of the Spiderman line. He might be able to even find a drunk girl to lean against to imply that Spiderman knew how to party, before he drove her home to make sure that nobody hurt her. Because that's what partying was to Peter—being the designated driver and a general wet blanket all around. He could just see the headline "Spiderman Takes Advantage Of Drunk Girl–Possible Statutory Rape!"Yeah, that plan might have to be put aside.Out of nowhere, he heard a giggle, a whisper, and a moan.Peter looked up to see a couple out there, partly cloaked by the shadows that he hadn't noticed before. He stepped back in surprise, and his lens cap fell off and clattered on the ground. He really needed to get a new one, as it'd been warped ever since his last showdown with Electro. It was hard to get camera equipment that was fireproof, waterproof, shock proof and impervious to psychic attacks. Asking for this on customer service would get long silences, and then Would you like the extra chainsaw, and crazed reindeer protections as well?They grew quiet, and stopped in their making out. Romancing. Whatever. So much for him not being noticed."Wait a second, babe," the man said.Peter scrambled for the lens cap in the dark. Too late, as it was crushed under the man's foot. Before him was all Johnny Storm,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Reed Richards/Susan Storm (Fantastic Four)

freeform: 
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
First Meetings
Photography
Superheroes
Community: longfic_bingo

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Reed Richards/Susan Storm (Fantastic Four)

