Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Captain.” Something was wrong, Steve could tell in the tone of voice that was addressing him - Falsworth, but not, they’d picked up some other English soldier along the way, then. He must have taken a pretty good hit to the head, which explained why he was having such a hard time opening his eyes- “Steven.” “Oh,” Steve said. Thor was peering down at him, sweat glistening from his forehead - and there were deep creases there, and a look of concern that Steve hadn’t seen since...New York, since Loki. Steve blinked to get the moisture out of his eyes. It had to be from all of the debris in the air. Wherever they were, it was dark - and then he remembered, slowly, the bomb, and how Hulk had run towards it but was a few seconds short. Then there was a bright light, the distinct taste of blood in his mouth, darkness, coughing, choking...Steve moved to sit up and his stomach seemed to process what was going on before his head did, because he was fighting the urge not to vomit before he realized why. “I can’t...my legs...” he said, and waved his hand towards them. At least it worked.“Aye,” Thor said, leaning back and then standing over him. “I am not surprised from the hit you took from the falling building. But, fear not - it shall heal in time.” Steve nodded - but how could Thor be certain? He’d clearly damaged his spine, and what was that for an Asgardian? A god? Steve felt his chest tighten, a familiar embrace that then became a constraint...and Thor’s face, it indicated that he wasn’t certain about what he had said, either, and that he thought it was probably the best thing to say at the moment.  “I shall summon Mjolnir to-”“No!” Steve said, and Thor bent down closer to him, face concerned again. “I mean, it will be able to come through all of this, right? And it might break whatever is holding up the pocket that we’re in.” “Yes,” Thor said, and he sat down next to Steve. “You’re right - I should have thought through my actions. Impulsive, of course.” He snorted. “Is your comm still working?” Steve asked, and he was finally able to get his arms behind him so that he could at least pull himself up and bend at the waist. There was a pain blooming in his chest, as well, and he wondered for a brief, terrified moment if the serum had stopped working.He glanced down at his legs - still attached, still the shape he remembered. He almost laughed, because Bucky had once insisted, when he was drunk, that they should cut off his pinky toe to see if it would grow back. Or how long it would take. Surprised Howard hasn’t suggested it, Bucky said, and Steve had lightly punched him. That’s probably what they would have done to you in that lab, wherever Phillips wanted to send you, he thought. They would have poked and prodded him and figured out all of his secrets. He hadn’t necessary enjoyed being on-stage and traveling with twenty-odd dames - they were a lot messier than he had ever thought dames could be - but it certainly beat that fate.“Tony says that he, Hulk, and SHIELD are working diligently to extract us,” Thor said, and Steve had to shake his head to pull him out of the dream - well, nightmare. “They have some image of where we are located.”“Body heat,” Steve said, and, remembering how bitter Thor had sounded with his previous comment, so he added, “and it wasn’t impulsive - well, it was, but you just wanted...” “Thank you,” Thor said. He glanced off to the side, and Steve did as well, not really sure what else to say. They had got along, these past two weeks when Thor had been in New York. He’d just returned from Asgard and then New Mexico. Thor had been upset the first few days when he returned, and it took Clint, of all people, to get it out of him that his relationship had ended with Jane Foster. After that, though, he had a less melancholy demeanor, though Steve could still see there was hurt underneath. Steve didn’t entirely blame her. When dating someone meant that you could be put in a position where his psychopath brother...still, Steve had tried to be sympathetic when he spoke to Thor. Plus he was glad to have someone else around who seemed to understand less about twenty-first century Earth than Steve did. Someone who would actually try and figure things out with Steve instead of looking at him like he was some younger brother they had to bring along with them yet again. “I actually, uh...” Steve laughed without finishing the thought, because wouldn’t that figure? Super serum gets rid of whatever of his myriad problems would have killed him, he survives WWII and then getting frozen in Arctic ice for seventy years, and he was going to be paralyzed in a building collapse. Thor cocked his head, a thoughtful expression on his face.“I mean, I don’t know if...this will get better.” There was the constriction, the tightness that had been building. He tried to inhale deeply and felt his lungs protest - how was he having an asthma attack?“Your other wounds heal in time,” Thor said, then
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Serious Injuries
Recovery
Developing Relationship
Team Bonding
Loss of Virginity
Medical Trauma
Fluff and Angst
Clint/Coulson Get Together
Thor Is Not Stupid
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

