Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"You were what?" Stephanie asked, unable to keep the shock from her voice.Bucky grinned at her, the fake one he used when he was trying to convince everyone, including himself, that everything was fine when it was anything but."Drafted," the words were like a death knell, the light around them dimming at the sound. "I'm going to fight.""No, Bucky," Stephanie blurted. Bucky. No one would call him that in the military, her mind informed her irrationally. No one would know him well enough, would understand the history, the character and the personality that created the man she knew as Bucky. In the military he'd simply be a name and a number. James Buchanan Barnes, a soldier, more fodder for a war that seemed destined to never end.  Her voice had been louder than she'd intended and several patrons in the small diner turned to look at her in disapproval. Stephanie ignored them. She wasn't in the mood to be a quiet, demure lady who sat and held her tongue while the only family, blood or otherwise, she had left told her about being drafted into a war that seemed to have a talent at taking living men from their homes and returning them in body bags.His grin faltered and that did get her attention. She took a deep breath, trying to get herself under control. She doubted it would fool him any more than his attitude fooled her but they both played the game regardless. "Have you received your orders yet?" She managed to keep her voice steady with only the slightest hint of tension."No," he said, his eyes moving away from hers to some random point in the diner, "but it won't be long."Stephanie felt sick. Bucky was exactly what they wanted in a soldier, fit, athletic and in amazing health. Not a single physical, or personality, defect to get rejected over. He was attractive too, the steady stream of girls constantly swarming him was testament to that. Even then Stephanie was aware of at least four in the diner who couldn't keep their eyes off him and two more who were trying to sneak glances when they thought their dates weren't looking. Bucky would be the one the cameras would gravitate to, the reels in the theaters using him to showcase the armed forces. It might work in his favor, might keep him safer as one of the faces of the armed forces...or it might not.  The two of them were as different as night and day. Even if her medical file didn't read like an Encyclopedia of Disease she was too small, too fragile and delicate and, most of all, too female. She'd never added her sex to her list of physical defects before but, right then, it seemed the most glaring one. From the beginning she'd been struck by the video reels in the theaters, images of the Nazis and terrified civilians, soldiers marching forward to meet evil. She'd thought then that, were she a man, she'd have signed up, volunteered to fight. As it was, the only options open to her were nursing which she wasn't trained for, or a secretary which simply wasn't what she wanted. Now, with the knowledge that Bucky would soon be sent off without her, a face suddenly given to the mass of faceless soldiers she watched in the theaters, the war suddenly far more personal than it'd ever been before, the unfairness of it all hit home even harder. Why should she have to stay behind when she wanted to go while he had to go when he wanted to stay?She found her eyes on one of the girls openly staring at Bucky. She was pretty, all curves and hips, long legs turned to the side and crossed in the hopes of gaining Buck's attention. On any other given day, she'd probably already have it. Bucky was a serial dater. He'd had a lot of relationships but had yet to have one either of them would classify as serious.Stephanie looked nothing at all like that girl, or any of the usual sorts of young women Bucky dated. She had zero curves. Her chest had taken a vacation during puberty, coming back only at the very end to present her with breasts so small she could barely justify the need, or expense, of a bra. If it weren't for her hair, currently in a thin braid down her back, most would probably mistake her for a... for a boy...She sucked in a breath and felt adrenaline surge through her. Her eyes widened and she straightened in the chair. The idea was insane but also caused a bright swell of hope to spring up inside her."What?" Bucky asked, his voice flat. "What have you thought up now?"She wasn't stupid enough to tell him. Instead she simply smiled brightly at him, a genuine one this time. "Nothing."Bucky's eyes narrowed in suspicion but there was little he could do about it. He knew better than anyone how stubborn she was.He scowled instead. "I don't know if I'm more worried about going over there or what's going to happen to you back here without me to pull you out of whatever you get yourself into."Stephanie rolled her eyes. "I can take care of myself."He gave her a look of disbelief a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Stucky
FemSteve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Female Steve Rogers
Fem Steve Rogers - Freeform
Slow Burn
Follows Movies to a Point
Then Goes off on its Own
Captain America: The First Avenger
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Drama
Action/Adventure
Friendship
Family
Alternate Universe - World War II
Hydra (Marvel)
Super Soldier Serum
Superheroes
Alternate Universe - Superheroes/Superpowers
Romance

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Stucky
FemSteve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

