Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve gets out of bed at 2pm, stretches his arms over his head ‘till he hears his back crack into place, and starts his day.  Shower, toothbrush, shave.  Heart pill.  Rubbers, lube, tranqs in his kit.  The girls and the handful of other boys and androgynes are clustered around the board.  Steve takes out his book, flips past yesterday’s page of doodles, and writes down the names listed under STEVEN GRANT.  He smiles a little at Bobby’s name; one handjob, even one blowjob’s never enough for him.  He’s young, though, and Steve doesn’t mind ‘cause he knows it helps.  Bobby’s charts are reading steady now, ready for reintegration with the general public, low risk of a Fight state.  He’ll be sent home soon enough- two legs shorter than he was shipped out.  There’re a lot of Alphas that got sent to this ward because they’re missing something.  All of them are at risk of Fight, keyed up, on edge, desperate to vent their fear and anger and horror somewhere.  Steve’s seen a couple Fights since he got here.  The first snapped another Alpha’s neck with his bare hands before they could tranq him.  Another bit her neighbor’s finger off like it was a carrot, then broke down pulling at her hair like she could pull the Fight out of her brain.  It’s a good thing Steve’s got steady hands and no good sense at all.“Hey Dot,” he taps a woman with her hair swept into a scarf, “you hear anything about a James Barnes?  He new?”  Dot tuts.  “Yeah, he’s straight from the field.  Mary tried to talk with him yesterday, but he just rolled over and ignored her for a coupla hours.”  “Gotta keep my life interesting,” Steve remarks, dry.  “Rogers!” Miss Evangeline barks.  “My office.”  “Ma’am,” Steve acknowledges, and Dot gives him a secret wince and a mouthed good luck.  Steve shuts the door behind him, stands at attention.  “Sit,” Miss Evangeline orders, and slides a file across her desk.  Oh, thank God.  He thought he was about to get torn a new one.  It’s just a classified file; doesn’t happen often, but sometimes a soldier’s bio can’t be in the general file cabinets.  Steve opens the file.  Most of it’s blacked out, but there’s enough in there to get a general picture.  “Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes,” Miss Evangeline starts on the highlights.  “Prisoner at the Azzano camp liberated last month.”  “Says here they had him for a coupla years,” Steve notes. Miss Evangeline nods briskly.  “None of his men made it out.  His health was precarious enough over the past month that he was unable to leave his bed.  He was released to our care a few days ago.”  She taps a perfectly lacquered nail on the desk.  “Rogers, turn the page.” “Right, sorry ma’am.”  It’d been hard to tear his eyes away from the medical report.  This page isn’t much better.  “His hormones fluctuate day to day, but you can see here,” she points, “his cortisol dropped so low they put him on steroids, and that, well.  You can imagine.“ “Is he feral?” Steve asks. Miss Evangeline shakes her head.  “He should be.  We certainly can’t release him like this, but he doesn’t seem to want any company from female omegas.”  “Ma’am,” Steve shifts, uncomfortable, “Willie’s better with, uh-" The criers.“I chose you for a reason, Rogers,” Miss Evangeline says sharply.  “You will do your job, unless you petition to transfer out of Auxiliary.  Clear?”“Yes, Ma’am,” Steve straightens.  He’s worked too hard to get here, and this is the first time he’s felt useful in his life.  They’re gonna have to drag him out by his fingernails.  He flips through the file some more, but isn’t dismissed.  “Ma’am, it says here he was experimented on.  Do we know how that might have interacted with his biology?”  Some of these numbers don’t make a lick of sense, but Steve also has no clue what that could mean. “They haven’t been able to identify the substances he was injected with,” Miss Evangeline notes, approval in her tone.  “There’s no reason to believe his hormone levels can’t alter with the standard therapy.”  There’re his orders, his dismissal.  “Yes, ma’am,” he salutes, and gets his ass over to the first name on his list.  Barnes is listed last.  *When he finally gets to Barnes’ room, he knocks softly before he comes in.  The setup here isn’t like field triage tents; these Alphas are stable, strong.  Reeking distress scents.  It’s safer to have them in separate living spaces, even if they’re basically closets.  Barnes doesn’t answer, so Steve lets himself in quietly.  No need; Barnes is awake, staring at nothing.  His eyes shift to Steve, then disinterestedly away.  Omega-oriented, Steve remembers from his file.  Gender indiscriminate.  A little scribble, Mary’s handwriting.  Seems more comfortable around the boys.  Steve looks Barnes over.  Left arm amputated mid-humerus during captivity.  Torso scarring, faint.  Electrical burns at the base of the scalp…Steve pulls the plastic chair to Barnes’ bedside with a protesting screech, pulls out the little desk from the arm.  “Silent 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Canon Disabled Character
Past Torture
Disability
Comfort Sex
World War II
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Prostitution
Sex Work
4f omega verse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

