Work Text:

Charcoal and Sandwiches
 Steve wasn’t quite sure how people courted in this new time. And he didn’t see a whole lot of beginning courting, either—just couples that had obviously already been courting for a while, if they were holding hands and kissing each other in public. He couldn’t figure out how they got to that point, though. He remembered scraping together money with Bucky so they could afford ingredients for some (tiny) fruit tarts for the girls Bucky had an eye on for them. Sugar had been hard to come by, and fruit even more so, but Steve had always tried extra hard to make the tarts masterpieces like his mother had shown him when they’d realized he was an alpha instead of a beta and would need to take extra care when courting. While none of the girls had been interested in him at the time, they always asked him for the recipe. He figured that was an okay way to be let down. He wished people these days could be courted with pretty tarts, too. Tony had been eating blueberries the first time they’d met. He hemmed and hawed about making a blueberry tart before deciding against it. Their meeting wasn’t exactly a fond memory for either of them (he still cringed about it), and he wasn’t quite sure that Tony would know the significance of it. It wasn’t like that information made it into the Smithsonian, after all. So he put together a sandwich and made sweet potato fries and took them down to the omega’s workshop. “Nice!” Tony exclaimed when he let him in. “Is that for me?” Steve wondered why Tony thought he would bring food into his workshop and eat it in front of him like an asshole. He decided not to ask, because he sort of suspected that the answer would probably make him want to find whoever made him think Steve would do that to him and crush their skull in his bare hands. “Yes,” he said instead. The brunet made grabby hands for it, immediately snagging a couple of fries when it was in reach. “Yay! Steve had never known a grown omega that acted so cute. Fuck. Tony peeked under a piece of bread and nodded. “Ooh, capocollo, very nice!” “Capo-what-now?” Steve asked, because he’d literally grabbed the first package of meat that said ‘pork’ on it. He’d thought it was just really thin bologna. “Capocollo, it’s Italian.” The brunet clapped him on the shoulder before taking a big bite out of the sandwich and moaning indecently. “Holy shit, you put double meat. This is the most delicious sandwich I’ve ever tasted. Well, except for that cheeseburger after I got back from Afghanistan, but let’s be honest—nothing’s going to top that.” The alpha smiled awkwardly. “I guess I don’t mind my sandwich being a runner-up to that?” “And sweet potato fries! You spoil me. You put rosemary on them!” “I… I did. How could you—” Tony waved his question away. “My mother was Italian. Rosemary is not even hard to identify. So what have you been up to, Steve? Do anything exciting lately?” “Not really. I’m still trying to catch up on a lot of history,” Steve admitted, unconsciously wringing his hands together. He only noticed when the brunet reached out to place his free hand on top of them. He had to fight the urge to grin like a lunatic, because Tony didn’t even look like he’d noticed. “Don’t be afraid to ask JARVIS for help. He knows everything,” Tony told him seriously. “Like Google, but better.” “I’ll accept that as the highest of compliments,” JARVIS quipped. Tony pointed at the ceiling. “You better believe it! And to think, I could have created Google but was too busy building bombs. Can you imagine the money I would have made?” “…A lot,” Steve guessed. “Take whatever number you’re thinking of and multiply it by, say, fifty.” The brunet turned back to his food. “Come on, pull up a chair. I feel weird just having you looming over me.” Steve gingerly took a seat and pulled it up beside him. He didn’t try to loom, but he knew he was tall and broad and sometimes got a very unattractive face when he felt awkward. The USO girls used to make fun of him for it. “So what have you learned about recently?” Tony asked, returning his attention to what looked like a car engine on steroids. “Uh… the Cold War? Natasha gave me some things from the Russian point of view, so—” “Also, you might hear someone say that Nixon wasn’t a terrible president, but they are wrong. Because Watergate.” Steve frowned, confused. “I don’t—Water-what? I’ve only gotten to John F. Kennedy.” Tony turned to look at him, face doing something strange. “Ah? You see he was the first Catholic president?” The blond grinned. “Yeah, isn’t that something? There was a lot of anti-Catholic sentiment even when I was growing up! And his brother Robert seems pretty swell. I hope he went on to make something of himself too!” The brunet choked on a piece of lettuce in his sandwich. Steve understood why when he was reading up on the Kennedys after finishing off the Cold War. .-.-.-.-.-. Steve found that bringing the engineer food wasn’t necessarily always the chance to ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
courting
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov is only there because she's a little shit
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark Endgame
Courting Catastrophes
Humor
Light Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

