Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter walked down the hall of Midtown high school with his friend Harry. The scrawny teen kept his head down and his arms close, generally trying to make himself as small as possible in hopes of avoiding any confrontation. He soon found out however that his usual predator was after a different victim today.
The sudden crash of a back hitting a locker halted most all the students in the hall. People's attention gravitated towards the school's star quarterback and his little group as they gathered themselves around a lone young man.
"Don't you touch me faggot, I don't want your gay ass rubbing up on me." Flash said with a deadly glare, not caring, or more likely enjoying the audience gathering.
"Just because I have two moms doesn't make me gay you idiot." The boy fought back, all be it meekly. It was obvious the boy would rather just leave the situation then fuel the fire.
"Ohh, you still like chicks? So then you get off watching your mom's fucking each other?"
"What, no!" The boy tried his hardest to keep calm, knowing that if a fight were to break out he would most definitely be on the losing end.
Peter watched anxiously, heart pounding and gut twisting, nauseous for the boy's safety.
"Come on Peter, let's go." Harry instructed, taking a few steps forward.
"But shouldn't we help him?" Peter asked quietly, as if Flash could hear him from across the hall.
"And what exactly are you going to do, fight them off? You'll only make it worse." Harry said with a sad, almost regretful frown.
"But can't we at least get a teacher or something?" Before Harry could respond both boys turned to look when Flash let out a loud curse.
"What the fuck man!?" He said, suddenly finding himself back against the lockers beside the boy he had just been insulting.
"Not very fun when people do it to you huh?" Came an unfamiliar voice. Peter attempted to get a good look at the newcomer but was blocked by the various other students. All he could see was a rather tall man covered in a baggy jacket with the hood up, covering his head.
"What the hell's wrong with your face?" Flash asked, deciding to ignore the question given to him.
"Sorry but the story is a little too epic for you to handle. I will say though that your going to look about the same if you don't back off.” Peter held his chuckle in exchange for amazement at the man threatening Flash so confidently. Then again it looked like this person outweighed the bully in both height and muscle, though not by much.
"What the hell are you talking about, and why are you defending him? Are you gay too?" Flash asked, noticeably scrambling to regain his composure.
"I'm pan actually. Why, you interested? Not that I'd go out with you, even I have a bit of dignity?"
"What, I-" Flash stammered but before he could manage a proper comeback the bell rang, signalling the next class. There was a short moment of the students whispering to one another before they began to make their way to their respective classes in fear of getting in trouble for being late. Flash as well, though with a bitter glare, shoved his way past the man who simply let him go.
"Come on Peter." Harry instructed again with a light tug on his friends arm.
"I'll catch up with you." Peter assured with a little wave.
"Whatever." Harry accepted with a shrug before continuing down the hall. Peter moved his way around the corner so he could peek at the only two left in the hallway.
"You okay?" The man asked and now that there wasn't a hum of teens whispering, Peter realized that his voice sounded a bit off. Not technically unpleasant, just odd.
"I guess. Thanks." The boy thanked, still a little shaken by the sudden turn of events.
"No problem, and hey, if that guy keeps bugging you, don't be afraid to flash the Deadpool Signal."
"The what?" The boy asked with a cocked brow.
"It's this idea I had, never mind. The point is I'm here if you need me."
"Thank you but by next week I'll be out of here."
"Oh?"
"My family and I are moving up to Canada. Apparently they're a lot more chill about same-sex parents up there."
"They sure as hell are. I'm actually from the great North; what part are you heading to? I'm from Regina Saskatchewan."
"I think my mom said Vancouver B.C., or maybe it was Victoria."
"Probably Vancouver. Victoria's more of a high-class place, for the newlyweds and the nearly deads." Peter didn't even notice the grin that had crept onto his face until it was quickly wiped off.
"Parker!" The brunette nearly jumped out of his skin, head whipping around to look at the teacher storming towards him. "What are you doing out of class?"
"I'm sorry." Peter quickly apologized. He turned and quickly made his way down the hall, but not before taking one last quick glance at the two he had been spying on only to notice that they were both now watching him.
Great now he probably looked like some creep.
"And you two, no loitering in the halls."
"Wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Drama
Friends to Lovers
Pining
First Kiss
First Meetings
Wade's a Flirt
Flirting
Bullying
Shy Peter
Fluff
referance to underage sex
Peter in Glasses
Minor Injuries

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

