Chapter 1: 01. TONY
    




Chapter Text
=======
 ‘tis twisted 
what is this before us           --this sick and twisted thing           where I'm in love with you           but you're in love with him?  i cannot let it go,           this feeling that I have;           I do something stupid           and seek the one you love.  but as fate would have it,           he falls in love with me;           thus, we find ourselves here           in this affair for three.
 

                                                -emeraldine087

=======
How many times had Tony Stark wanted to use The Phone, he’d lost count. He’d wanted to prank call it, dial the one number on its phonebook and scream his lungs out at the person on the other end, cry into it while blathering apologies that were not-apologies because Starks didn’t do apologies, or just… narrate how his day had been whether or not the person at the other end of the connection would actually stay on the line to humor him.But Tony never did. He kept The Phone in the locked bottom drawer of a misplaced armoire in his workshop—the one he flat out refused to open or even approach or walk by. He’d considered taking it apart into indistinguishable component pieces because he didn’t want the blasted thing to have such power over him. Because it did—it had such power. To make him second guess himself, make him doubt the position he had once defended. To make him angry and sad and lost and vindictive and remorseful and—Make him miss Steve Rogers that it ached.Tony found it funny to miss Steve when all that stood out in Tony’s memory was them arguing about something, or calling each other out on their respective bullshit, or just being the antithesis of each other.He might have been too generous in his assumption that he and Steve had ever been friends. Maybe that was why it had been just a little bit too easy for Steve to take the opposite side in their conflict—because they had never really been friends…So one could imagine how much of a complete surprise it was for Tony to find the self-same Steve Rogers looking down on him, a tinge of worry etched in those huge baby blues, as Tony lay on a hospital bed in the Avengers compound’s medical wing for goodness knew how long, and it felt like he was waking up from a long slumber that was anything but restful.The last time he looked at Rogers roughly from this angle was when Rogers was pounding his fists against Tony. He had really thought that Steve was going to kill him by beheading him with the vibranium shield. But the Captain didn’t… At that time, Tony had thought he was really going to—“Shit…” Tony garbled through his mouth that was dry as cotton. He didn’t need to request for some water or some ice chips because nurse Steve was ready, brandishing a paper cup with water towards him so he could take a sip through the straw. “What—?” His voice was still raspy from disuse; how long was he out of it anyway? The last thing he could remember was—What the fuck?! He couldn’t remember anything but sitting in his workshop in the Avengers compound, fabricating a cup holder for Rhodey’s robotic exoskeleton that the latter had been using for therapy purposes since they substituted a regular stint in Atlantic City for semi-regular visits to Columbia University Medical Center instead. Unless he got walloped in the head by an impact drill by accident—which he was pretty positive, he wasn’t careless enough to do—there was no way he had gotten injured in his workshop; and he must be missing time.Since Tony was still in heavy denial about his present company and he wasn’t nearly as inclined to bombard Cap with questions as he was to spit long strings of colorful invectives, he decided to keep his mouth uncharacteristically shut.“What is the last thing you remember, Anthony?” Another voice piped up from a blind spot on Tony’s far left, distinctly male with a touch of enigma to it.God, how Tony hated it when Strange called him by that name because who else could it be but Stephen Strange, Supreme Sorcerer of the Universe or some such horseshit? Tony reminded himself for the umpteenth time that he must have been barking inviting Strange to be a part of the Avengers after they found themselves short two birds, one witch, and one iced-up Super Soldier after the smoke brought about by the Sokovia Accords had cleared. But hey—desperate times called for desperate measures. Tony had not been expecting Strange to acquiesce to the invitation, but the latter did to the genius-billionaire’s utmost surprise.“I was in the workshop, trying to figure out the best place to put a cup holder on Rhodey’s cutting edge walker,” Tony answered dutifully, mercifully free of his usual sarcasm. Maybe that was because his head was throbbing like a sonofabitch.“So you don’t remember the stampeding intergalactic herd of deer the size of trailer trucks?” Strange asked again like he was talking to a child. Which was funny because if there had been a herd of big-ass alie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It of Sorts
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Memory Loss
Memory Alteration
Inter-dimensional travel
Eventual Relationships
Polyamory
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Stubborn Tony
Steve Rogers Feels
Stubborn Steve
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
I Love You You Love Him He Loves Me
It's a Shitty Situation All Around
Sloooooooooow Build
POV Alternating
The Author Regrets Nothing
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Rating May Change
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Feels
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Off-screen legal assumptions
questionable science
Suspension Of Disbelief
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
sappy dates
not quite Spider-Man: Homecoming-compliant
Romance
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

