Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 

Skye, Maria and Natasha
Chapter 1 
SHIELD was still working on cleanup in New York City after the Chitauri invasion when the fans started to show up in costumes. Mostly dressed as the flashier heroes, there were a riot of Thor, Iron Man, Cap and Hulk costumes arrayed outside the Tower. They weren’t actually hurting anything, though; just clamoring for an autograph or picture should they catch a glimpse of the heroes themselves.Maria Hill sighed but agreed when Pepper Potts asked for her assistance in clearing a path through the cosplayers one afternoon. She and Tony were hosting a charity benefit to help with the repairs to the city, and they needed clearance for their guests to reach the Tower. Fortunately, the main ballroom was on a low enough floor to have been largely untouched by the invasion.As she organized security to hustle the cosplayers off the sidewalk in front of the Tower, one in particular caught her eye. It was the first Black Widow cosplayer she’d seen, and she hid a smile that Nat was finally getting some recognition for her part in the defense of New York.She looked the slim young woman up and down, taking in how well the fitted black jumpsuit looked on her; she didn’t have Nat’s figure, she was softer and curvier, but she was still slim enough to pull it off. “The Black Widow?” she asked. “Really?”“What, she’s hot!” the young woman replied immediately. Then she paused, as if thinking through what Maria had said. Maria, in turn, was startled to hear the words of one of her soulmarks. Could this girl really be theirs?The girl in question gained a thoughtful look on her face then looked around to check and see if anyone was listening in before saying in nearly a whisper, “Wait… did I… holy no  way .”Maria grabbed the girl by the shoulders, nodding to the security guards who had fluidly taken over getting the other cosplayers off the sidewalk, while she led the girl inside. “You did,” Maria confirmed quietly. “And I assume I did, too?” The girl nodded. “I’m Maria.”“Skye,” the girl named herself. “It’s really great to finally meet one of you. Oh, wait… you have more than one, right?”“I do,” Maria said carefully. “One of our soulmates is upstairs because she’s attending the event. With you we just have one more unaccounted for.”Skye nodded sadly. “It’s good of Stark to do this,” Skye admitted. “I grew up not too far from here. I know a lot of people who lost their homes because of the attack.”Maria looked at her, slightly alarmed. “Were you anywhere near here when the attack happened?”Skye nodded. “I was parked up on 51st street. One of those Space Whales nearly crushed my van.”Maria raised an eyebrow. “You didn’t think maybe you should go home? Buildings are historically more structurally sound than automotives.”Skye looked down, unable to meet Maria’s eyes, clearly afraid of… something. “My van is my home,” she said quietly. Maria stood, staring at Skye, stunned. She wasn’t entirely sure how to respond to the admission. “It’s by choice,” Skye amended, looking up. She seemed to be covering her fear with defiance and bravery. Maria tried not to smile. Natasha had been that way in the early days. She still was, particularly after she had a nightmare about the Red Room.“We’ve all been in situations where we had to make something out of nothing,” Maria said. “You’ll get no judgement from me or Nat for living out of your van. You are, however, free to come live with us in Washington when you’re comfortable with doing so.”Skye paled and took a step back, one hand going up to the red wig on top of her head and taking it off. Dark brown tresses spilled out. “Natasha?” she said faintly. “My soulmate’s an Avenger?”“The Avenger thing happened by accident,” Maria said softly. “A dear friend of hers was killed just before the Battle and… well let’s just say that Nat has vengeful tendencies.”“I… I guess I can understand that,” Skye said after a moment’s hesitation. “But really, I shouldn’t meet her like this… well…” she gestured to the costume and watched Maria smirk.“I dunno, I kind of like it. I think she’ll be flattered,” Maria answered with a chuckle. “I’d really like to take you up to meet her. Please?”“Alright,” Skye answered softly. “If you’re sure it’ll be okay…”“Pretty sure. Besides…” It was Maria’s turn to hesitate, but she braced herself and pushed on, “there are some things you need to know. About me. About  us .”“I’m pretty sure soulmates happen for a reason,” Skye said with a shrug. “I’m adaptable.”Maria laughed. “Good. With us, you’ll need to be.” She held her hand out to Skye, who took it, and led the way to the elevator. “JARVIS, can you take us to our floor?”“Yes, Agent Hill,” came a voice.Skye started. “What the hell was that?” she asked.“JARVIS,” Maria said, amused at her soulmate. “Stark’s AI.”All fear was replaced by curiosity across Skye’s face. “Seriously?” she asked. Maria couldn’t help but laugh again. “That’s so cool! I wanna see how it works!”“You c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Female Relationships
Asexual Character
Asexual Relationship
Implied Sexual Content
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Episode Related
Romantic Fluff

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson/Wanda Maximoff

