Work Text:
He could feel it.  Shit, he could feel it all the time, Steve made sure he could feel it.  The plug held all of Steve's come inside him, sloshing around, making him feel used, stretched, reminding him of every second Steve had been inside him, held him down, whispered in his ear.What's worse, though, was when he couldn't feel it anymore.  It was happening right now, faster and faster each time.  His body was absorbing everything Steve has given him, taking those hormones, those fucking supercharged hormones so enhanced from Project Rebirth, and changing him as thoroughly as Steve had been changed, from the inside out.He could try to take the plug out, try to clean himself out before this went any further.  He could.  He could get the damn suit on and protect himself.  There was gene therapy, other techniques that could reverse what changes have already happened, stop this before it was too late to go back.At least that's what Tony told himself.--
"I have to do this."  Steve's breath was warm on the back of his neck as Tony arched back into his fingers, pliant and dopey from pleasure.  Tony had been pleasantly surprised at Steve's insistence on doing all the work on their first night together.  It was just supposed to be a quick little mutual handjob, a physical thanks-that-was-great for everything they'd been through, but Steve had turned it into so much more.  They'd kissed until Tony's lips were swollen and red, and then Steve had turned him over to torment Tony's ass with his tongue, pushing that strong muscle inside him until Tony had nearly lost his mind.

Then for the last long while, Tony had been riding Steve's thick, clever fingers, enjoying being toyed with while Steve seemed to be admiring his reactions.

"Do what?" Tony asked lazily.

"This."  Steve's fingers suddenly withdrew, and Tony's eyes flew open as he felt the blunt, thick length of Steve's cock sinking easily into his body, the way lax and prepared to take all of him.  Even so, it was intense, a good intense, right until Tony realized the too-sensitive feeling inside him was because Steve was bare.

Ice shot through his stomach.

"Steve, shit, put a damn condom on!" Tony nearly snarled, and pulled away.  Or tried to; Steve had one arm around Tony's chest, the other around his hips, and there was nothing Tony could do to get out of his grip.

"No.  I told you, I have to do this."  Steve started moving his hips, pushing his way deeper, sparking little fires along Tony's spine against his will.

"Steve, buddy, I'm all for a little play, but no glove, no love.  I'm a beta, Cap, and I'd like to stay one," Tony said, turning on as much charm as he could even as Steve kept fucking into him like his life depended on it.

"But you can't."  Steve was getting into a good rhythm now, and Tony was beginning to feel pleasure curling in his belly regardless of what he wanted.  "Tony, I've try to be patient, I've tried yelling, I've tried working through other people, and I've tried even being friends with you.  But it doesn't matter, not to you."

Tony knew where this was going and looked around frantically for the locator bracelets to Iron Man.  But they were gone, tossed in the bathroom during foreplay, and Steve's Brooklyn apartment didn't have any Stark Industries tech inside it.  Nothing for JARVIS to monitor, or hear.  No way to call for help.  He was in deep, deep shit.

"You just keep disobeying orders, never telling me what's going on, insulting the others and provoking them.  I'm trying to make us a team, and you just keep tearing us apart.  You won't let us in.  You won't let us come together.  We need you Tony."  Steve's thrusts sped up, and he suddenly froze, body pulsing and straining as he filled Tony with a rush of liquid heat.  "I'm going to make you need us."
--Tony told himself he could get out of this.  He was Tony fucking Stark, he’d built an arc reactor in a cave out of a box of scraps while dying, and he sure as hell wasn’t going to submit to being turned into an omega against his will.  Alpha semen was potent stuff, able to quell heat… or start it.  Put enough of it in a beta male and it activated those latent genes, pumping up vestigial organs to full, vital capacity.  He’d become fertile, his lubrication glands would go into overdrive, and hormonal breeding heat would swamp him several times a year, making him stupidly horny and desperate until he’d had more alpha come sealed inside him.Steve was trying to turn him in an addict.  He’d locked him in his own apartment, put the locator bracelets somewhere Tony couldn’t find, and was trying to make him a slave to Steve’s cock.And unlike Afghanistan, his captor wasn’t leaving him alone for most of the day.  Steve held him close, plugging him with his cock when he didn’t leave the toy shoved inside Tony’s ass, petting him and praising him like he was a skittish animal.“It’s all right, Tony.  It’s good, it’s going to be so, so good.  You’ll be part of the team, a real part
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Addiction
Forced Orgasm
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Dark
Betrayal
Partner Betrayal
Past Addiction
Transformation
Angst
Body Horror
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

