Chapter 1: The Way Out
    




Chapter Text
Wakanda was a blast of heat and blue sky and trees with leaves shaped like nothing Steve had ever seen. Wakanda was a medical team hauling Bucky onto a gurney. T’Challa removed his helmet and handed it to an aide. “These are my personal doctors; you can trust them with your life—or his. I do,” and then he was moving off, surrounded by a clamor of suits and soldiers.Bucky inhaled sharply as the doctors took Steve's makeshift covering off his blasted arm but was otherwise silent. But Steve—who had hauled Bucky up after fights and dragged him off a torture table in Austria—could read the pain lines on his face and hear every suppressed sound.“Do you remember,” Steve said, reaching for any distraction as he followed along beside the gurney, trying to stay in Bucky’s line of sight, “that big snow we had when we were kids?”The doctors were moving Bucky into a sculpted white stone building whose enormous windows were framed with glass as light as gossamer. Bucky had to take a breath before he could answer. “Before the war?” he managed; he was trying to play along. “In what— ’39? ’40?”“No—when we were kids, I said. ’30—’31, we were taking your sisters to the movies—“Now he had Bucky’s attention for real, which was good, because they’d reached the surgery and the doctors were now putting instruments to the sharded metal, gently prodding the protruding core of bone. “—and we lost Becky! My God. In the snow.” He laughed, and Steve laughed too: remembering how they’d doubled back and found a hole shaped like a gingerbread girl.“Yeah,” Steve said, nodding. “Do you remember how the snow was so high that we had to walk the path single file, you first and me behind you and then the girls—““—and then we turned around and she was gone; fell in!” Bucky said, almost to himself; he was lost in the memory. “She was the youngest and we put her last—why the hell did we do that?”“Because we were idiots,” Steve replied. “It’s funny, you know: nowadays, nobody would let kids our age—“ The doctors began to cut the metal pieces away with a blue laser. Bucky’s face went milky and faintly green, and Steve repeated mechanically, “Nobody would ever let…” before abruptly switching tacks, “Do you remember the first time that we—you know.”Bucky grimaced and squeezed his eyes shut, and Steve impulsively grabbed his remaining hand and held it tight, tight. I’m here, he thought. I’m here, and Bucky squeezed his hand back, hard.“Talk,” Bucky gritted out. “Keep talking,” and Steve nodded.“That night,” Steve whispered, “—God, Buck, I was so scared. Terrified, because I knew it would change everything but I couldn’t stop myself from wanting to. I’d been working up my nerve, waiting for my chance. And then…” He let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding; the doctors had stopped cutting through the metal and were conferring in low voices. “Do you remember how it happened?” Steve asked, smiling a little. “Who threw you into my lap?” Bucky was staring at him like he was crazy. "You don't, do you?" Steve rolled his eyes. "Figures.""I don't.” Bucky’s forehead was damp with sweat. “I don't even know what you're—what, who?”“Millicent Ornstein. You were on your third date with Millicent Ornstein, and when you came back, you said she was wearing a girdle that went from her neck to her knees.” Steve grinned, remembering it like it was yesterday: Bucky coming back to their apartment, flushed and with his necktie askew. He'd been impossibly hot and bothered, desire steaming off him.“You said you should have brought a can opener.” Smiling used unfamiliar muscles. “You said it was like trying to break into Fort Knox. And then I said…” He was shocked by the memory of own boldness: Whatever you want to do, do it to me. You can do it to me, and he’d pressed his mouth, his body, to Bucky’s—and it had worked. Bucky had lost all control.Bucky was blinking slowly, and then he gave Steve’s hand another rough squeeze. “Yeah,” he said, “And then you said…” and to Steve’s surprise, Bucky broke up laughing, warm and contagious like in the old days, before all the terrible things happened to him. It lit him up, chased the sick look from his face. For a moment he looked himself again. “And then you said,” Bucky repeated, and Steve's grin split his face in anticipation of whatever Bucky was winding up to slam him with, and that was like the old days, too; Christ, how he missed this: the rough and tumble of them, “that it would be so much easier," Bucky said, glaring, and Steve burst out giggling and had to grab a hold of himself physically to stop himself from crashing into a table of medical supplies, and Bucky was laughing too, shaking so hard that the doctors reached out, disapprovingly, to hold him down. "You said—” Bucky gasped."Well I might—" Steve couldn't get the words out past his own, embarrassingly high-pitched snorts of laughter, "—you know, have underestimated the difficulty of—""Fuck. I shoulda persisted with Mill
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
jailbreak
wakanda has ridiculous birds
flip phones are so 1998

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

