Chapter 1: Hero of the Night
    




Chapter Text
Deadpool downed his bourbon and wiped his mouth on the back of his glove.
“I’m telling you, ladies,” he flung his arm around the shoulders of the sexy dolls cuddled up on either side of him, “This is gonna be a night to remember. You wouldn’t believe the hoops I had to jump through to get this guy. For a second, I almost considered fucking it and shooting him - Bam! Between the eyes - just to spare myself the pain of handing over his pretty paycheck. Then I thought to myself, ‘Wade. If ya do the job tha’ I know ya can do, and he’s really all that and a bag of chippies, when are ya gonna see something this awesome again?’ Then it came to me. If he lives up to the hype, I contract him again. If he doesn’t, then I get to claim extortion and unalive him.”
They laughed at his antics and made sexy noises about how clever he was while they fondled his chest and thighs. He indulged in each of them, sipping champagne from the white one’s lips and wine from her sister’s.
Then he saw the ravers sliding past the limousine window. The line ran up the street and turned the corner up ahead.
Wade whistled, “Damn. I haven’t seen a turn out like this since Christmas. This guy might just be worth it after all.”
He pulled his mask back down over his chin, and rapped on the window separating them from the driver. The chauffeur pulled around and dropped them off at the curb. “Go treat yourself,” Wade dropped a roll of bills on the passenger seat, “and thanks for the ride.”
With a doll on each arm, he strolled past the line and up to the bouncer, who let them through with a glance and a nod. Inside, The HellHouse was a thriving mass of bodies gyrating against each other on the dance floor. Naked women performed on platforms while others in scant uniforms carried drink-laden trays to the tables.
Over the crowd, Wade saw the bartender flag him down. “You dolls go on ahead,” he told them with a judicious pat on their backsides, “I’ll catch up. Daddy’s got to take care of a bit of business.”
They tittered and he waved. Once they disappeared into the crowd, he wove his way toward the bar. “What’s the word? Has our Hero of the Night graced us with his presence?”
The bartender leaned forward, “They said he came in through the back half an hour ago, Boss, but no one’s seen him since. He’s not in the dressing room and security hasn’t been able to find him anywhere.” He leaned closer, “I don’t like it. I can feel it in my bones. It’s the real one, and he’s loose somewhere in the club. You’ve gotta call this off.”
Wade grinned and hooked his arm around the bartender’s neck, “You know I almost hope you’re right. It’s been an age since my baby boy and I last danced, but tell me something. What do you know about the genuine article?”
“I know he’s been snooping around the area. Word is he’s taken a turn, and will stop at nothing to get whatever poor sod he’s chasing down.”
“Ha!” Wade let the man go and tossed his head, “We’re not talking about The Batman here, Styks. I’d-.”
“Batman?”
Wade waved his question off, “Wrong ‘verse. Never mind. Anyway, as I was saying, I’d pay good money to see that sweet piece of ass stop at nothing just once in my life, but that’s not how my boy operates. ‘Cause, you see, he is the genuine article, a hero’s hero, noble to a fault and bound by his principles. You would never find him slumming in a house of sin like this for cash.”
“I’m glad that’s cleared up.” Wade looked up at the scathing voice. Two of Wade’s security personnel hauled a young man up to the bar. “Can we ditch the butt monkeys, please?” he jerked his arms free of their grasp.
Wade dismissed them with a nod and leaned his hip against the bar, stroking his chin as he looked the stranger over. He didn’t look much like the night hero he’d heard so much about. In fact, he didn’t look like much of anything. Loose pants sagged over scuffed sand-shoes, whose laces dragged on the floor. His equally over sized hoodie was sun-bleached and the hood drooped low over his black shades.
“You,” the stranger slammed his gloved fist on the bar and pointed to Styks, “You’ve been telling stories since I got here, and I don’t appreciate it. I’m here to make a scene, and get paid. That’s it. If I hear one more of your wild accusations, I’ll find your boss and make sure he knows that, because of you, half this crowd is now aware of the illicit deals going down in the back rooms, ‘as we speak.’” He flexed his fingers to affect air quotations, “Now get me a shot of vodka.”
Wade shot a hot glare at Styks while the man skulked away, “Make it two.” The stranger snorted, and looked over at Wade, “Just who are you supposed to be, then?”
“Deadpool, at your service,” he effected a bow, “Been out of town for a while, but you’re all I’ve heard about since I’ve got back. Except, well, you know,” he indicated the mask the other man wore beneath his hood and shades.  
The printed spandex stretched around his sneer, “Am I supposed to take
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Bondage
Suspension
Erotic dancing
Rich!Wade
Mindfuck
Secret Identity
aerial dancing
Gunplay
Dominance
Submission
Swearing
Explicit Language
Hearing Voices
Fear of Abandoment
Edgeplay
Knifeplay
BDSM
Secrets
Hero in Need
Hero Worship
Sexual Roleplay
Bottom Wade Wilson
Vomiting
Bloodplay
Daddy Kink
Paranoia
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Playing with Your Expectations
Protective Wade
Headspace
Unexpected Side Effects
Dark
Torture
Psychological Torture
Cancer
Fluff
Bottom Peter Parker
Trauma
Exhibitionism
Sadism
Emotional Dependancy
Punishment
Subspace
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Multiple Personalities

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

