Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Ugh gross…” Peter wiped the goop from the newest creature to crawl out of New York’s Sewers off of his face, at least they seemed pretty harmless. “What even is this? Forget it I don’t want to know.” Peter yelped in surprise as more projectile goop hurdled towards him and he instinctually leapt towards the nearest wall started climbing it. “Ironman always gets to fight corrupted scientists and other rich men, Captain America gets to fight spies, why am I always fighting weird things that crawl out of the sewers and cover me in slime.” The newest villain spat out a few more projectiles one of which hit Peter’s arm and cemented him to the wall. “So much for these things having harmless useless powers.” Peter sighed. He pulled at his arm to no avail, it was stuck. “It’s cool you got this Spidey, just use your handy spider strength and break the goop off the wall no problem.  If that doesn't work you have a pocket knife on you...I think.” The thing from below let out a screech and sprouted wings. “Okay, maybe a small problem. Oh man, what is with people and making weird mutant animal things? Nice giant lizard-moth…thing?” It started flying up towards Peter. “Okay change of plan.” Letting go of his grip on the wall Peter used his cemented wrist to hold him up while he shot webs at the moth and blocked and kicked the moth from his solitary spot. Suddenly, the creature screamed. A blinding light and impossible amount of heat hit Peter forcing him to close his eyes, his suit wasn't exactly military grade defence technology and even with the mask the heat hurt his eyes. All Peter could think was that death by unknown lizard-moth hybrid was not the great heroic death he wanted Aunt May to read about. It hadn’t even done more that eat a few dogs and terrify a few children yet, at least if it killed someone then people would understand. Peter paused as he started thinking these final thoughts were lasting possibly a bit too long. He opened his eyes.“Don’t worry this one's mine! You know what they say about moths and flames!” Came a slightly obnoxious sounding proclamation. Peter looked up and saw none other but the Human Torch easily handling the weird moth creature. Not that it was difficult for him, Peter thought, the goop didn’t seem to withstand heat and moths are surprisingly flammable. Within a few moments, the moth was flying away to who knows where with the Human Torch seemingly pursuing it.“Cool…I guess I’m just going to stay here attached to this wall then. Awesome.” Peter manoeuvred for his hand again trying to flex in the hopes of causing a fracture in the cementing goop so he could break free. “This is always how I thought my first meeting with a member of the fantastic four was going to go, yep. What are they even doing in town anyways?” Peter sighed as he heard the goop creak slightly under his force but no fractures seemed to be appearing, this was going to be a long night.“Need a hand with that?” Peter looked up to see the Human Torch floating before him. Before he could say anything the Human Torch brought his flaming hand near the hardened goop which started to melt. It quickly lost it's adhesion to the wall before Peter really thought of trying to catch himself, he yelped as he started to slip down the wall.“Ouch.” He exclaimed as he hit the ground. Peter frowned and looked up to see the Human Torch above him.“Whoops. Sorry, I really thought you’d catch yourself what with the whole wall sticking thing, and the flying web stuff and-”“I get it!” Peter yelled back in frustration.“Right…” Torch responded just kind of floating there. “So…I’ve gotta bounce but if you need an exterminator again feel free to call.” The Torch winked as Peter sat on the alley floor in his Spider-Man suit.“Cool…thanks but I’ve got this. You know, bug to pseudo-bug-arachnid man.” The Torch shrugged and flew off, probably to his fancy tower or beloved fans. Spider-Man stood up and went to launch his web only to have it jam and fall pathetically in front of him. Peter sighed, as it turned out extreme heat and moth goop were not good for web shooters. This was not his day at all. _______________ Peter slammed his locker only to be startled to see MJ right behind it. Some spider senses, Peter thought bitterly as he held his hand over his heart willing it to calm down. “Peter.”  MJ said seriously not looking the least bit remorseful.  Peter was often surprised that he was the one hiding super powers.  MJ was a regular Black Widow in training in his books.“MJ, you’re going to give me a heart attack.” MJ raised her eyebrow as Peter tried to shuffle all of his books into a less haphazard stack.“You forgot to turn your internship application into the Daily Bugle. Come on Pete, what’s up? You were so stoked about the whole thing, not only will it diversify your college application but it’s a paid internship!  Paid!” I was, Peter thought until I became a radioactive punching bag for J. Jonah Jameson. Peter sigh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
First Meetings
Identity Reveal
we're going to mess with timelines
Just imagine they're all high school seniors
except Johnny is home schooled
or something
so basically Johnny is a teen heartthrob

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

