Work Text:
There was little that could distract Steve during a briefing, especially one led by Fury himself. Perhaps it was the soldier in him but authority in the room always captured Steve's attention and when it came to his job and the safety of his team, he was all ears.
Usually.
There was the extremely rare occasions, like today, when a certain member of the Avengers would sit that little bit closer to Steve and rest his hand on his thigh. Steve was trying to ignore the light circles being drawn on his inner thigh under the table by Peter who, as always had his attention locked on Fury and the most innocent look on his face. Their relationship was quiet, neither of them willing to mix personal and work life yet it seemed today Peter was in the mood to wind the Captain up. Peter was angled so his actions were hidden from view, his hand tracing up and down Steve's inner thigh and pressing lightly on a bite mark he knew was concealed under the slacks. One he had left the night before. Steve could do nothing but sit and listen as Fury went over the new safety procedures, ones Steve had had a hand in writing so he knew them all off by heart meaning his attention was easily diverted to the hand moving further up his thigh, closer to his groin. Peter even had the confidence to speak up, some smart quip that passed right over Steve and yet suddenly all attention was in their direction as Peter spoke. Steve, suddenly very conscious of the hand burning on his thigh snapped his gaze to a poster behind Fury and tried to look like he was listening. It seemed to work since the moment attention turned to Stark further up the table, Peter's hand moved to cup Steve's groin and rub.
Peter was smirking to himself as he moved his palm in slow circles, feeling the outline of Steve's cock beneath the clothing and twisting his hand in just the right way to feel the slowly swelling of hardness. Peter had somehow twisted his hand around, fingers rubbing along the outline of Steve's rapidly hardening cock before cupping his groin and massaging slowly. Steve was fighting the sensations, feeling a heat creep up his neck and praying it wasn't noticeable to anyone, least of all the sharp eyes of Clint who casually glanced in their direction. He seemed oblivious though and Steve relaxed as much as he could , trying and failing to ignore the tightening in his boxers, the gathering heat between his legs and the constant pressure of Peter's hand. Peter was surprised at Steve's control, wanting to draw at least one sound out of him before the meeting was over and he pressed down harder; rubbing the growing bulge and supressing his own shiver at the memory of Steve's cock splitting him open. Moments later Steve squirmed under his hand, coughing into his hand and leaning forward but Peter didn't stop. For the remaining twenty minutes Peter continued to tease Steve through his pants, keeping his actions hidden under the table until he was sure the Captain was about to burst. Thankfully Fury finally called the briefing to an end and everyone stood to leave, Peter making to do the same until Steve's arm shot out and grabbed his wrist.
"Parker.. stay. We need to discuss the fire in Maryland and the building you almost caused to collapse." Peter shoot him a mischievous look before standing yet stayed. From Steve's voice many assumed he was angry but Peter knew different. He knew the reason that Steve's eyes were brighter, his shoulders tense and the heat rolling off him, and Peter loved it, more so when he stretched up, appearing board but really he was just teasing Steve again with his long body. The second the door was shut Steve was on his feet, arm snapping around Peter's waist and pulling the smaller closer, crushing their lips together frantic and eager. Peter kissed back just has hard, daring to sink his teeth into the swell of the Captain's lower lip and jerk his hips forward hard, rubbing his groin against Steve's hidden erection and moaning into his mouth. "Did you think that was funny?" Steve growled against his lips, his free hand sliding up to tangle into Peter's dark curls and tug his head back exposing his neck. Peter leaned back on the table, arching up faintly to the kisses and bites that Steve laid down his throat, shivering at Steve above him. No matter how often they did this, no matter how riled up Steve got, there was always a gentle aspect to his kisses, his touches. Though the way he was grinding against Peter's thigh it was anyone's guess. "Funny.. yeah I thought it was quite funny. Sitting through one of those, who knew you’d be patriotic enough to raise the flag pole in front of Fury," Peter grinned, hopping up onto the table when Steve's hand slid down his torso, popping buttons as he went. Steve didn't have an answer for that, teeth tugging at a nipple on the way past in reaction and Peter whined faintly. 
Getting Steve to fuck him in a briefing room? The thought made his own cock harder, spreading his legs after to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve/Peter
SpiderShield
Steve Rogers/ Peter Parker

freeform: 
Smut
Porn Without Plot
PWP

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve/Peter
SpiderShield
Steve Rogers/ Peter Parker

