Work Text:

I: Jötunn Taxonomy

This is not what Thor expected. Of course he had expected punishment: he had brought Loki back muzzled and chained, as a prisoner of war rather than his fallen brother, but in his mind had been some sort of reconciliation and penance, perhaps a banishment like his own, or a period of confinement while their father worked to heal the madness in Loki’s mind. But instead Odin sits before them on his great throne, face impassive, voice heavy and slow as he pronounces his decree.
“Loki Laufeyson,” he intones, and Thor feels fear grip his heart as he realises how badly he has misunderstood his father’s intentions. “You have made war on your family, brought destruction to two realms and chosen to ally yourself with ancient enemies of Asgard. You are cast out, Loki Laufeyson, from the line of Odin and from the royal succession; for your crimes you are stripped of your name and title and revealed for what you are: a traitor, a liar and a jötunn. You are too dangerous to go free and so I bind you to the palace, bind your magics and your form, until such time as you have proved yourself worthy of our trust – and our love.”
Loki listens in silence, expression scornful, until Odin brings down Gungnir with a mighty clang, the sound ringing through the golden hall and beyond. And as the sounds reverberates around them he begins to laugh, a high, broken sound, for a shadow is creeping over his skin, a deep, midnight blue flowing over his hands and face and Thor stares in horror as it consumes him, as a red-eyed creature laughs and laughs, tearing at his clothes to reveal more and more blue skin, covered in whorls and swirling lines.
Thor had known, of course, that Loki was not his brother in blood, that he was instead a Frost Giant foundling, his face and form an enchantment laid on him by Odin that he might pass as  a second son; his mother had explained it all to him after Loki’s fall and he had accepted it as truth. But he had not known, had not seen his brother in this shape, and he struggles to understand what he is seeing. For Loki, now wordlessly screaming his defiance and hate at Odin’s blank face, does not look like the Frost Giants Thor had carelessly slain on that fateful incursion into Jotunheim. He is blue-skinned, yes, and red-eyed, but he is no taller, no broader, and he still has his dark hair and sharp features. He looks…himself, mostly, only furious and snarling as the implacable Einherjar drag him away.
This is wrong, Thor thinks, this is wrong, and yet he does not know what would be right.
He does what he has always done when he feels lost or alone: he goes to see his mother. Frigga has sequestered herself away in her own great hall; she will not speak against Odin but her silence and absence make clear what she thinks of his decisions. She is sitting by her loom when Thor enters, but her hands are still. She has been crying, Thor realises with a hollow ache in his chest.
“Mother,” he says and she rises, pulling him into a fierce hug. They stand like that for a few moments and then she pulls back, a tenuous smile on her face as she motions for him to sit.
“How did he look?” she asks at last, and of course she can only mean one person.
“Angry,” Thor replies carefully, for he does not know quite what to say. Frigga nods, mouth twisting.
“Where have they taken him?” she asks and Thor realises with a start he is not sure.
“I think…I think to Ymir’s Tower,” he says slowly, for Odin had spoken only of his being confined to the palace and yet the Einherjar had forcibly removed him from the hall. The only space within the palace rooms that might serve as a prison is the high tower; it had long been a favourite refuge of Loki’s and yet still had the thickly warded door at the base that could be used to keep a Frost Giant contained. The tower is built on a grand scale, to accommodate a guest – or prisoner – twice the height of an Asgardian, and that reminds him of the strangeness of Loki’s jötunn form.
“Mother,” he begins hesitantly, for he does not want to hurt her further, but curiosity burns inside him and there is no-one else he would speak of Loki to. “When father…changed Loki, he seemed…different to the Frost Giants I have seen.” And killed, he thinks silently. “He is small, and still looks himself, only…blue.”
“Well, yes,” Frigga replies. “He is not a hrimthursar, as Laufey was; I suppose he must take after his sire. Have you never seen an íviðjur before?”
“…no?” Thor ventures, perplexed by these strange words. Frost Giants are Frost Giants: big, blue, brutish and hard to kill.
Frigga sighs. “I forget, sometimes, that the young do not remember the ways before the war. Jotunheim was not always cut off from the other realms, and I remember when an íviðjur was thought to be the most beautiful paramour one could have. The Aesir, the Vanir, even the dwarves of Niðavellir – all ventured to the snowy wastes to try and woo a jötunn mate.”
“I don’t understand,” Thor says, even more co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jotun!Loki
angst that becomes fluff
Intersexuality
monogendered frost giants
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

