Chapter 1: I
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“How many DoomBot attacks does it take to successfully take over a city?” Peter asked, webbing up his latest catch of evil robots. “Well, they say the twenty-ninth time’s the charm,” Tony replied over the coms. In the distance, Peter could hear the suit’s machine-gun fire take out a fresh row of robots. “Still haven’t found Doom.” “Same,” Natasha said. She was behind the computers at Avengers Tower, trying to find the source of the robots’ commands. (Martial arts without super-strength didn’t mix well with robots.) “Keep looking,” Steve huffed. Peter couldn’t see him; too many buildings and robots between him and the captain. But while he seemed a bit winded, he didn’t sound like he was in trouble, so Peter kept focusing on the robots. “Need a little help, kid?” Clint asked. His voice was flat and toneless, completely different from when he talked to the other Avengers. Peter supposed he was just special that way. “Nah, I’m good,” he said, kneeing another robot’s head off. In truth, he was getting a bit tired. They’d been at this for two hours with no apparent end in sight. He’d had a full day of school and had another one tomorrow, and at this rate he’d be lucky if he got three hours of sleep. But he wasn’t going to tell any of them that.Peter felt a familiar tickle in the back of his mind and grinned. A half a dozen robots that had been firing at him (and missing; he was too fast) suddenly exploded in red. Wanda telekinetically picked up their metal bodies and chucked them at the next set of robots, while Peter went around and started webbing up some new targets for her. “I thought Vision was your favorite fighting-buddy,” Peter said, flipping through a half-constructed building to get more robots. “Are you cheating on him with l’il ol’ me?” “He started it,” Wanda said. “He’s playing catch with Thor.” Out of the corner of his eye, Peter could see the thunder god and Vision tossing the giant hammer back and forth, destroying any and all enemies between them. “As I explained before, dear,” Vision said, a slight tilt in the British accent giving away the fact that he was teasing, “a man needs time with his friends.” Wanda chuckled, tearing apart a webbed-up robot with a snap of her fingers. “Admit it: you just don’t love me anymore.” “That, too.” Wanda gave a mock-scandalized look while Tony laughed. “Oh, ouch, Vision!” “Don’t worry,” Peter said, swinging onto the next batch of robots. “They only do this for the amazing make-up sex.” “Jeez, really, kid?” Clint scolded. “Now’s not the time.” “Agreed,” Steve said. “You’re a minor, anyway.” “Only for three more days!” Peter cheered. “We’ll have to go to Europe to celebrate,” Wanda said, tossing a bunch of robots into a massive web Peter had set up between two buildings. “Hungary, maybe, or Amsterdam.” “Why?” “Because you’ll be legal drinking age over there.” “This is true…” “Oh, like that’d actually stop you from getting a drink over here,” Tony said. Peter couldn't see him, but there was a small explosion a few blocks over that marked his location. “Excuse me, Mr. Stark, I am a model citizen,” Peter protested. He ignored the twinge of guilt he felt at Tony’s words because…well, the man had an extensive alcohol collection. He hadn’t even noticed the bottle of vodka that went missing around Wanda’s birthday, or the brandy that had vanished for Aunt May’s. “As advertised by the vigilantism,” Tony said. “And the mask,” Thor grumbled. “And the sex jokes,” Clint added. “Found him!” Wanda cheered. Peter breathed a quiet sigh of relief. Tony had been teasing, but Thor and Clint were not. They’d made it clear since Day One that they did not want Peter on the team (so had Natasha, and Bruce did his darnedest to avoid him, and Steve was constantly on Peter’s case about building up more muscle and improving his fighting style…)“Where?” Steve demanded. Wanda’s eyes were bright red. “Two blocks east from you, Captain, top floor. It’s the building with the Starbucks.” “Tony, with me,” Steve said. “And Wanda, what’d I tell you about using telepathy on your teammates?” Wanda’s eyes immediately went dark as she cringed. “Sorry,” she mumbled. Peter rolled his eyes and, when Wanda was looking at him, put two fingers to his lips before flicking them down (the ASL sign for “read”). Wanda’s eyes went red again, and Peter felt that familiar tickle. 
*You know he’s just jealous, because he can’t do more than “Steve Smash,” right? If he had telepathy, we’d never get him out of our heads.* 
Wanda gave a weak smile. She kept the telepathic link strong as they both went back to work. Peter got it, okay? The team wasn’t too keen on Wanda’s mind-powers after the whole Ultron thing--it’d taken them months to convince Bruce to come back after the shit-show that was Wakanda. But how else was she going to direct Steve to the bad guy without at least getting a read on where he was? That wasn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Peter Parker & Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
Friendship
Kidnapping
Insecurity
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Injury
My First Fanfic
Cultural Differences
Misunderstandings
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Peter Parker & Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

