Work Text:
Tony bounded up the stairs to his room in time with Steve next to him. They separated at the top, waving a hand to each other as they hurried off to their respective rooms. He felt like an ass, ruminating over what had happened a little over an hour ago in the lab. He and Steve had been going over some pheromone serums to see if it was possible to create a ‘heat-like’ effect in humans, much like in dogs, where the chance of conceiving was much higher. Steve had met some kind woman in a coffee shop who’d bought him his coffee after seeing him give his own away to a homeless man because if she “would have been able to have a son, I would have wanted him to be someone kind like you.”Apparently they’d got to talking and Steve had found out she’d been diagnosed infertile young, around his own age actually. So naturally, when he’d gotten home he’d marched straight to Tony and asked if Stark Industries could work on advancing fertility treatments as well.Sometimes he swore the man’s hair was only blonde because of the reflection off the damn halo.So they’d been working and then his dad and Bucky had wandered down from the pool to see what was going on. And because Bucky was Bucky, while Steve and Tony had been off in a separate section of the lab looking at results for yet another failed batch, he had knocked a container of failed serum off the edge, smashing the glass that held it and splashing it onto his and Howard’s bare legs. They’d been shoved into the biohazard showers instantly, and then sent up to wash off more thoroughly, and Tony felt like an idiot afterwards.He shouldn’t have left the glass sitting on the table, and he certainly shouldn’t have let Bucky anywhere near it, knowing how curious the man was. But he had been so caught up in brainstorming ideas for what could make the serum work, he’d completely forgotten.He was just lucky it had been a failed serum, and not an untested one.Tony threw open the bedroom door, talking out loud as he entered.“Hey, Buckaboo, did you get everything—“A low growl cut off his words and Tony looked over to see Bucky, completely naked, with his back pressed tight to the headboard and his hands fisted so hard in the bedsheets beside his hips the flesh from the wrists down was white. The man was sweating, lines running down his cheeks and chest, his head tipped back with an expression of agony on his face.“Bucky!’ Tony yelped, taking a step forward and holding out a hand. “Babe, are you okay?”Bucky’s head came up and the look in his eyes stopped Tony cold. His pupils had almost swallowed the irises’ whole, only a thin ring of color surrounding them. His mouth parted, another low growl rumbling up from his chest.“Do not come closer.”Tony obediently took the command to heart, even stepping back a few steps before holding up his hands.“What’s wrong, Bucky?”“If you come any closer, I’m gonna throw you down and fuck you.”Tony blinked at the harsh words, eyes shooting to the juncture of Bucky’s thighs and—Hello! How in the hell he didn’t notice the almost purple cock jutting straight up, he would never figure out. Tony licked his lips and ran a careful hand down his stomach, resting it on his hip and grinning at Bucky’s low groan.“I don’t see how that’s a problem.”Bucky shook his head back and forth violently before nodding towards the bottle of lube that lay on the foot of the bed.“No, Tony, no. So fucking horny, just throw you down and fuck you dry. Can’t—Either run away or slick yourself up, baby boy.”Tony arched a brow, walking slowly towards the foot of the bed and scooping up the lube, bouncing it from hand to hand playfully.“You’re awful horny, babe. What—“ Tony’s eyes widened as his question died in his throat.The serum.They’d been calibrating it for females, obviously, and didn’t bother testing what its effect on the male system would be. Apparently, the batch Bucky had knocked over, while failing to send a female into a highly conceptive heat, would send a man into rut.“Make a decision, Tony. Run or slick. Can’t hold on much longer.” Bucky snarled, before shuddering and throwing his head back as a bit of pre-cum spurted from the head of his cock, landing on those perfect abs.Oh, Jesus Christ.On one hand, Tony was worried about any side effects of the serum, but on the other, he’d heard horror stories of physical and psychological damage done to animals who didn’t release during rut. He wasn’t about to run away, not when this was something he’d done to his lover.Besides, Bucky had been so damn gentle with him all the time, maybe this was what he needed to get a little rough.He stripped out of his clothes quickly, licking his lips at the filthy words spilling from Bucky’s mouth that had his cock hard enough to drive in nails.“God, look at you. Fucking delicious, wanna lick every inch of you. Suck down that thick cock and feel you cum down my throat. I wanna cum on you, baby boy. Get you all filthy and fuck you while it’s still drying on your skin. Slick up, To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Background Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

freeform: 
Dirty Talk
seriously
More Like Filthy Talk
Mildly Dubious Consent
Due To Accidental Exposure To Science-y Things
Rough Sex
Bruises
Bottom Tony
Comeplay
Dog Tags
Doggy Style
Porn
Smut
Seriously There Is Nothing Redeemable About This Story
I REGRET NOTHING
Blood
Talk of Fisting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Background Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

