Work Text:
The Green Goblin dives into Peter’s path during the hazy dusk of a weekday. Peter’s been patrolling for hours now; he suited up straight after school, webbing his backpack full of civvies and calculus homework to the underside of an apartment building’s AC unit before taking to the sky. He’s chasing a couple of thugs who’d held up a local 7/11 when Goblin makes a grab for him.Peter flips safely out of way. Goblin cackles, and chases after him, mouth full of wet, pointed teeth.“Get a hobby, you maniac!” Peter calls over his shoulder. Goblin forces him to duck and roll to the left. Those thugs and their bundles of cash must be long gone by now.“You’re my hobby,” Goblin says.“Yeah?” Peter yells back. “You want me to come with you to the craft store? Help you pick out some wool, some watercolours; maybe we could pick up a model airplane to build together—”Goblin snags his arm. He’s intimidatingly larger than Peter. His hand wraps entirely around Peter’s bone thin wrist, almost obscuring his entire hand beneath that meaty fist.“Uh oh,” Peter says, right before Goblin throws him through the air and into the side of a building. Cement cracks under the force. “Ow.”Goblin chases it with a punch. Peter backflips out of the way, crouching low on the pavement. The street is bustling with people rushing home from work, all of them skittering backward with fright.“Come on, Gobby, can’t we talk this out like the rational people we aren’t?” Peter offers.Goblin rises back up on his feet and—yup, oh yeah, he is definitely stupidly taller than Peter. He’d be getting a complex if he wasn’t too busy dodging deadly, swiping hits and ignoring the screeching whine of his spider-sense.Goblin bares his teeth. It’s not a smile. “I don’t want to talk, Spider-Man. I want to see what your insides look like.”“Thanks but my insides prefer to be on the inside—”Goblin grabs Peter again, nails digging into the soft skin of his throat, and bodily throws him. Peter doesn’t just crack the side of a building; this time, with a hitch in his breath and a scream of his spider-sense, Peter goes careening through the storefront window, glass shattering and customers inside shrieking, and then straight through the solid far wall. Peter’s been thrown through walls before. It never stops being so painful, so disorienting, like a boulder has been smashed over his head.“Ugh,” Peter says. He lies in the nest of fractured cement and shards of glass and wonders if numb, tingling limbs is a blessing or a very, very bad sign. Probably the latter. “Ughhhhh.”“My boss is going to kill me!” The middle-aged manager in a polo shirt stands behind the broken wall. The glare he wears is anything but sympathetic. Geez, a guy can’t even get thrown through a window and a wall without upsetting someone in this city.“My super-villains are going to kill me,” Peter snipes back.“Look what you’ve done,” hisses an older customer, tiny, glinting glass shards in her hair. She’s not hurt, though, thank god. “I just bought this shirt! Are you going to pay for it?”Peter hauls himself out of the Spider-Man shaped hole, stumbling over shaking feet. “When the Green Goblin comes back, I’ll probably be paying for something. With my blood.” The manager and the customers go back to cursing him out. The sharp, accusatory bite to their words sounds vaguely Jameson-like. “Are none of you concerned about the guy that was just chucked through a solid wall? And has a giant, murderous super-villain on his tail? No?”“I should sue you for—” says the manager. He’s several inches taller than Peter and uses his height to bare down on him, arms crossed.“Why is it that everyone who hates me is tall?” Peter wonders. “You, Flash, Jameson, the Goblin’s ugly butt. And people wonder why short people all have tempers and complexes—”“I like your height,” Goblin says, clambering into the broken electronics store. Looks like Peter’s lunch break is over, then.The manager and the other customers shriek and rush for the exits. The Goblin ignores them, all his attention focussed keenly on Peter—hooray for him!—as he shifts, grins, continues, “You’re conveniently small. So easy to throw. To manipulate.”“Well, hey,” Peter says, “at least one of us appreciates my height.”Goblin snatches Peter’s hand; he’s too off kilter from being ditched through a store to dodge or shake him off. But Goblin doesn’t throw him again. His fist tightens, and Peter’s spider-sense drags a warning up his spine, and then he snaps Peter’s fingers backward.Peter howls and throws himself backward. Goblin is too strong—Peter dangles from his grip, four fingers of his left hand broken crookedly, panting against his mask.“See?” Goblin remarks as Peter gasps through the pain. “So fragile and small.”“Go jump into the Hudson,” Peter says.Goblin leans in, sharklike teeth brushing against the vulnerable, hidden curve of Peter’s ear. “I’m going to kill you next week,” Goblin promises. It’s low, not a whisper, but a quiet exchange passed only bet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt Peter
Torture
Miscommunication
norman is super creepy
Whump
Panic Attacks
pure unadultered whump
small peter

fandom: 
None
