Work Text:
 
            It had been four months since Tony had last seen his Alpha. Four months. He'd never even gone four days until this last mission went wrong. It was supposed to be a normal mission, infiltrating A.I.M. But something must've gone wrong, because they'd lost all contact with Steve, the day he was supposed to be back. No one knew what to do other than to search and hope.
            No one had searched or hoped more than Tony. He'd spent days on end searching and trying to track down his Alpha. He wasn't sure where to look, or how he was supposed to get his mate back, but that didn't mean that he was going to give up. Tony knew that Steve believed in a 'God' and while he didn't quite hold the same beliefs as his Alpha, he'd even tried praying in a church that Steve went to.
            It didn't help. At least, not at first. He prayed there with the other church members once a week by now, but still spent most of his time searching. After four months, though, he was really struggling to continue his search.
            Bucky made sure to contact him at least once a day, so that Tony knew he was okay while he tore through A.I.M. and Hydra searching for any sign of Steve. The two always were the best of friends again, once Steve had helped him regain his memories. Tony was quite fond of the other Alpha, and was thankful that he made sure to keep in contact. Clint and Natasha had been out searching more often than not, too. He didn't like it when they all disappeared so much, especially since the two had more trouble keeping in touch than Bucky did.
            The only one who hadn't left his side was Bruce. The Beta stuck by his side, helping him search for any signatures of the super-soldier serum, besides the version in Bucky's veins, but they weren't finding any. Bruce kept him calm when Tony panicked, he made sure that he didn't starve himself on accident or hurt himself... And when he started slowing down, Bruce was there at his side to make sure everything was okay.
            But Bruce wasn't only worried about him, and his safety. No, Tony had also persuaded his friend to be his doctor, too, because now, six months after conception, he was pretty heavily pregnant. He'd found out just one week after Steve had gone off on the mission, one week until he'd return. At that point in time, he'd been around seven weeks in, and he was so excited to tell Steve.
            He was going to tell his Alpha the second that he was home that he was going to be a father.
            Only, Steve didn't come home.
 
            "What do you mean you can't find him?" Tony snapped, trying to take deep breaths when Bruce put a hand on his shoulder. He'd known for all of a week now, and Steve was supposed to be home today. The Beta had been keeping him sane, making sure he didn't panic just from the thought of having a kid, and now his team was telling him that they didn't know where Steve was?
            "He wasn't at the extraction point, and all radio communications are down," Bucky reported, his voice grim. "We'll find him, Tony, don't worry about that. I'm not letting no Hydra bastards steal my best friend and get away with it. I'll find him."
            Though Bucky sounded so sure of himself, the Omega couldn't help but panic. His Alpha was somewhere, missing, and he needed him. He hadn't even gotten to tell Steve that he was going to be a father... That was what was going to happen today.
            "Tony?" Bucky asked, much quieter than before.
            "I'm still here," Tony whispered.
            "Just hold on, okay? I know it's going to be hard... I was only there for a day, as you know, and I was waiting for you to say something, but... Take care of that baby, Tony, and let me worry about Steve," Bucky said. The only person that he'd told was Bruce, because Bruce had been curious about why his scent was off. Bucky must've been able to smell that too, and put two and two together...
            "Okay," he said plainly. The moment this call was over, he was going to go down to the lab and start searching for Steve. He could do that, and Bruce was no doubt going to help him.
            "Congrats, by the way," Bucky said before the radio went dead.
            "It'll be okay," Bruce said, and Tony was so glad that he said that because it was exactly what he needed right now. Tony hugged his friend, feeling his emotions flare just as they had been for the past several days. He pressed his face to Bruce's neck as the Beta started rubbing his back, whispering soothing words.
            Bruce was right, it would be okay. Eventually.
 
            "Tony, we've got him." The communicator was having trouble connecting back to the tower, and there was a lot more static than usual, but he could hear Bucky's voice as clear as day. "We're bringing him home."
            "Y-you've got him?" Tony asked, because no matter how many times he said it in his head, it didn't make sense. Steve had been miss
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
OCs - Freeform
Omega Verse
Alpha/Omega
A/B/O
Alpha!Steve
omega!Tony
Alpha!Bucky
Beta!Bruce
Mpreg
Kidfic
Mentions of torture/kidnapping
Hurt Tony Stark
Worried Tony
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Happy Ending
Cap_Ironman Bingo
Stony Bingo
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

