Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Darcy is four years old the first time her mother catches her with her pudgy little hands inside the VCR.  Her favorite Elmo tape is stuck and Darcy is so worried that she won’t be able to get it out and then she’ll never get to watch it again and then she won’t get to watch it on Friday nights when she has to stay with Gertie, because Gertie is mean and her hair is blue and it isn’t even that cool shade of blue like cousin Penny.  So, she decides to just fix it.“What are you doing?”  Darcy’s mom yells and she’s very angry. Realizing that her mom probably thinks she broke the VCR, Darcy smiles and  proudly holds up the newly freed tape.  “It was stuck.  I’m fixing it.”“Darcy Ann Lewis get up from there and go to your room.”Darcy stares, confused.  Her mom is using the I-am-so-mad voice and that voice only gets used sometimes when Darcy has lied or that one time she punched Timmy Roscoe, but he deserved it.“Now!”  Her mom says and Darcy scrambles to her feet and runs to her room, clutching the tape to her chest.She is crying, sprawled on her Scooby-Doo sheets, when her mom finds her later.  She isn’t mad anymore, but she looks very serious.  Darcy doesn’t like the serious face. Darcy likes the fun and happy face.“I’m sorry I yelled,” she says.  “I was scared you would electrocute yourself.”“I unplugged it,” Darcy says, because duh and she rubs a sleeve across her snotty nose.“Baby, I need you to do something for me, okay?  If something is broken, tell me and we’ll have it fixed.  I don’t want you taking things apart, okay? “Darcy nods solemnly.  “Okay.”Her promise lasts all of three weeks, but this time she’s got the old radio parts hidden in her closet so her mom doesn’t see and get mad, because it really isn’t anything to get mad over.  Besides, the radio is already old and they don’t need to have it fixed.  She just wants to see how it works.***She’s seven when she builds a little robot cat that obeys commands.  It’s for the science fair and she feels a little like she’s cheating because it’s really only a remote controlled car that she’s fiddled with, but everyone is so impressed that she decides it’s okay.Her teacher tells her mom how smart she is and how very clever her project is, but there are tight lines around her mom’s mouth and she never once tells Darcy that she did a good job.That’s okay though, because Darcy didn’t do it for her.  Darcy did it just to do it.Years later, she’ll pinpoint that moment as when she unknowingly packed about a hundred suitcases full of mommy issues and started her emotional baggage collection.***They skip her ahead in math and science and computers and when she starts sixth grade, she has to go from the middle school to the high school for half of her day.  It’s scary as hell and she hates it a little.  It’s confusing to be so good at something and resent it because she’s so good at it.  It makes her different and the only people who seem to think that’s a good thing are her teachers.  She doesn’t want to be good at it and thinks about failing some tests just to get sent back, but she can’t help tinkering, she can’t stop seeing the patterns and the connections in her head and some part of her just refuses to lie about it.  So she finds a better hiding spot than her closet (Mr. Isenhart devotes a corner of the auto shop garage to her) and she loiters there most of the time.The unforeseen and awesome side effect to this is that, of course, auto shop adopts her as their mascot and she picks up a frightening amount of vocabulary, culture and attitude from them.  Darcy’s mother is less thrilled.It’s raining (of course) the day she’s caught in the auto shop, half inside the old Buick she suspects Mr. Isenhart is secretly sabotaging just to test her ability to fix it.“Darcy!”She jumps, smacks her head on the hood and groans.  “What?”“What are you doing?”“I’m working on a project for class.  Why?”Vanessa Lewis scowls and scrunches her nose and Darcy knows she’s done for.  “I talked with Mr. Isenhart.  He gushed and gushed about how brilliant you are and how nice it is to have someone so talented in his shop.”“Wow.  That’s rude,” she says, defaulting to sarcasm.“You’re not taking his class!”  She’s yelling and Darcy can just feel her whole system crumble.  There is no way her mother is letting this go, no way she’s going to get to keep her time in the shop.“What’s the big deal?  Most parents are stoked if their kid’s a genius.”  She hates the g word.  She’s always hated the g word.  It isn’t right and it isn’t accurate.  There are many things Darcy is thoroughly average at.  Navigating her relationship with her mother is apparently the top of that list.She isn’t great at English or History, but she likes them, maybe because she isn’t as good at them.  Her brain doesn’t just fill the blank spaces when she’s learning about Roman mythology or the correct use of the semicolon.  These subjects are harder, trickier, they’re based on things li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Family
Mommy Issues
Tony Feels
Darcy Centric
Friendship
Past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Avengers Family
Post Avengers (Movie)
Sexual Content
Kidnapping
The Author Regrets Nothing
Explicit Language

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

