Work Text:
The first time Bucky had met Tony Stark, he couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something…  off … about the other man. He had shaken Tony’s hand and Tony had looked at him as if he could see right through him. Those liquid brown eyes spoke of unimaginable depths. It was unnerving, to say the least. Thankfully, Tony hadn’t seemed put off by his less-than-cordial greeting. He just smiled, razor sharp like he knew something Bucky didn’t, and returned to his workbench.Bucky couldn’t shake the feeling even weeks later. Something wasn’t right, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on what. When he brought it up, the others simply shrugged and promised he would get used to it. It was just Tony.Aside from the odd feeling, Tony was a great guy. Bucky would know; he watched him (no, not like that, Clint, get your mind out of the gutter). Tony was like something out of a Jules Verne novel. He was the very personification of the future with his shiny tech and the drive to make things better, faster, more efficient. The manic grin that frequently lit his face promised all kinds of hell and Bucky was absolutely certain he wanted to be along for the ride.In addition to all that, he was kind, generous, clever, and he cared so much for everyone he considered a friend. Tony was the one who pulled Bucky out of his shell. He dragged him to movies and made him sit through marathons of this show or that. Tony snarked at him and expected Bucky to snark right back. It was refreshing and it felt… good. It felt human. Tony was the one who made him realize that he could live in spite of everything that had happened to him; that there was so much  more to him. To them both.Bucky probably wouldn’t have realized just how much  more  there was to Tony if it hadn’t been for Clint. Because of course it was Clint’s fault...“So we know that the Norse gods exist,” Clint began at breakfast one morning. “Does that mean that the other gods are real, too?”There was a collective pause as the others took that in. Bruce was the first to speak.“It’s theoretically possible,” he said. “There are quite a few pantheons, though… most notably, the Greeks, Romans, and Egyptians.”“I’m not familiar with the Egyptian gods,” Steve said. “Someone wanna fill me in?”“Let’s see,” Bruce began. “There was Ra, the sun god. Isis, Osiris-”“What about Imhotep?” Clint asked.“Imhotep was a character in ‘The Mummy,’ not a god,” Natasha countered. She flicked Clint’s ear casually.Tony chose that moment to shuffle into the kitchen, making a beeline for the coffee pot. As Tony poured a cup and gulped it, Bucky took in Tony’s appearance; the bags under his eyes, the hair that stuck up everywhere, and the burns and grease stains from whatever he’d been working on. Thankfully, there wasn’t any of the tightness around his eyes or mouth that meant he was having nightmares. Bucky wondered how long it had been since Tony had last slept or consumed anything other than protein bars and coffee.“Hey, this isn’t something I ever needed to know,” Clint said. “The only people I know from ancient Egypt are Imhotep and the one god with the dog head.”Bucky frowned in confusion. “Dog head?” he echoed.“He means Anubis,” Tony said. “And it’s a jackal, not a dog, Hawk-breath.”“How do you know?” Clint asked.“Uh, genius, remember?” Tony said, as if that explained everything. To be fair, it kind of did. “Egyptians aren’t actually the interesting ones, though. Have you  seen  the Greek pantheon?” Everyone was more familiar with the Greek gods, if only because ‘Hercules’ had been one of their movies the week before. As the conversation turned to the Greek deities, nobody except Bucky noticed when Tony slipped out of the kitchen. 
 It didn’t end there.“Did you know that Osiris’s son Horus was conceived after he died?” Clint asked him at lunch the next day. Bucky paused in constructing his sandwich to consider that.“How the hell does that work?” he asked. “Do I wanna know?”“No,” Tony immediately answered around his own sandwich.“Osiris was murdered by his brother, Seth,” Clint said. “Seth scattered Osiris’s body across Egypt and his wife had to put him back together. The only thing they couldn’t find was his dick because it got eaten by a fish or something.”“That still doesn’t explain how he knocked up his wife after death,” Bucky insisted. “In fact, that makes even less sense than it did before.”“No, it’s cool, because Isis made him a new dick out of gold,” Clint said.“Aaaaaaaaand we’re done!” Tony declared. He gave an exaggerated shudder. “New topic, please!”“Dude, you make dick jokes all the time!” Clint protested. “You can’t handle fish food penis?”“Caaaaaap! Clint’s talking dicks while we’re eating!” Tony yelled over his shoulder.“Not at the table, Clint,” Cap called back. Tony grinned superiorly.“Spoilsport,” Clint muttered. Tony just changed the subject. 
 “Hey, did you know Osiris and Isis were brother and sister?” Clint asked. Tony groaned from his spot on the couch and Natasha ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Ancient Egyptian Literature & Mythology
Ancient Egyptian Deities
prompt
Tumblr: imaginetonyandbucky
References to Norse Religion & Lore
References to African Religion & Lore
Pining
Egyptian God Tony Stark
Anubis!Tony
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

