Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There were a lot of opinions on Tony Stark and T’Challa was not sure which, if any, to believe. He has done his research, extensively so. Old interviews, business decisions, friends, lovers, he has gone through everything he could get his hands on from Tony’s past and then he combed through everything from his present. Friends, lovers, Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D files, business decisions, everything. He poured over it all once, twice, three times, and a fourth for good measure and came to the same conclusion every time. But Tony was his soul mate and his heart hurt to be away from him like this. It would be foolish to assume he could ever see the man objectively.When he seen Tony for the first time… he was a fool. He saw him and his world exploded into color in perfect time with Tony turning to Steve with a hurt expression on his face, asking if he knew. Knew what T’Challa was unsure. He showed up just in time to find the man he was looking for, just in time to find out it was not Barnes who killed his father. He left Tony there, battling it out with Captain Rogers and Sargent Barnes to go exact his revenge on the man who murdered his father. What drove Tony mad he had no idea and when he had asked Rogers he simply looked away in guilt. No one else seemed willing to fill him in, if they even could, and the only other person who knew what happened right before T’Challa showed up was currently frozen. They had not made any progress on how to extract the conditioning from Bucky’s mind and T’Challa was sad for it. When they managed to heal Bucky’s mind he would like a chance to formerly apologize to him for what he has done. But until then he had to deal with Tony.Coming to an objective conclusion on his own was not an option so he decided it was time to call in the Dora Milaje to help him out. They were trained in this sort of thing; they would come to a logical conclusion. Okoye in particular was one of his most trusted guards, she would make sure that they got to the bottom of the Tony Stark issue.*Okoye had her Dora Milaje look over the information King T’Challa had gathered for them but she did not have them read his notes. It was important that they come to an unbiased conclusion and this was a useful test for them. Some of the younger recruits were nervous of course, but they looked over the information just as diligently as the seasoned warriors and she was pleased with that. She went over the information too, planning on gathering the opinions of the other Dora Milaje. Then she was going to cross reference the information with the King’s notes and see where they all stood.She did not expect the information to be so… conflicting. The media persona of Tony Stark was the flippant ladies man who drank too much and indulged only in himself. The business persona of Tony Stark presented an extremely business savvy man who predicted patterns of business before they even happened and profited because of it. The private persona of Tony Stark showed a lonely man with fewer than five friends, none of which he was particularly close to anymore. Rhodes was his closest friend the man had and they talked infrequently, and Okoye was hard pressed to include Miss Potts due to her being paid at first, and romantically involved later. Stark’s relationships were rocky and did not end well. Stark’s persona for the Avengers starts as rocky as his personal relationships. The team did not trust him, he did not trust the team, and Okoye did not see any evidence that this has changed.The Black Widow gave her report and Okoye read that too, cross referencing that with the months she was undercover with Stark to draw conclusions. She was more than a little surprised to find these conclusions were drawn and accepted under extreme circumstances. She dismisses the report because it was not drawn from an objective viewpoint. The interviews come next. It was safe to say that she strongly disliked Tony Stark in his youth but she does her best to not let that color her view. The man was abhorrent, rude, crass, and had spent a lot of time talking with no clue how to do it. It then occurs to her that perhaps Stark genuinely did not know how to speak to people despite spending a large portion of his life in a highly evolved communication sphere.To draw further conclusions or dismissals she refers back to his childhood. She had gone over the information of course but now she had a theory and it was time to test it against the reality. Stark was a boy genius, he grew up with a cold and abusive father and his mother did not appear to make up for that loss, and he went to college young. In short the man never had a childhood but it appeared that no one ever taught him how to be an adult either. It was no surprise that he was so wild as a young adult, it would appear that he was genuinely confused as to what his behavior was to look like. People loved and hated him for that too and it became clear in his later life that that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Heavy Angst
Anger
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
This is Not a Forgiveness Fic
Seriously Tony is some pissed
and there will be no forgiveness
Avengers Breakup
I Don't Even Know
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Slow Build

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

