Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The struggle was almost over.It had been a long one, disastrous in all ways. Most of the participants were laying incapacitated on the ground while others fought above them, surrounded by the ruins of what once was Times Square… now reduced to rubble of concrete, steel and broken glass.It was almost over, soon one side will prevail and drive the other to his knees and hopefully - it'd be the right side. In the meantime, they had to continue fighting. No matter how many of them fell, or how hopeless it seemed…Tony stark was not going to survive this fight.His suit was in pieces - broken, completely shattered under the enormous weight of rubble, covered in gore, blood and dust, moreover, some of the parts left of the broken metal suit jammed themselves into his skin and flesh along shards of dirty glass.He did what he could, took out as many of the enemies as was possible by his weapons, created deadly flaws in the defenses of the opposing force that could get the team their eventual victory just moments before his suit was crushed and flung away into the midsection of a building, consequently causing it to come down around and on top of him. Effectively burying him alive in an early grave.A hero's death. Tony would have laughed had his lungs felt up to it, but those were deflated, probably collapsed. His breath's felt shallow, not at all providing oxygen or anything other than heavy dust particles in his needy body. Pathetic, broken. Another attempted breath was rejected, and the familiar panic crept up his spine as his vision darkened. A hero's death. He couldn't even know if that was really it, or if he was going to be just another included in the collateral damage of a successful invasion. Anonymous, stripped of his identities and life right along all the others.Neither seemed too bad, it didn't really matter now did it? Dead is dead, after all.Numbly Tony waited, not very sure how death felt, if the pain would just suddenly stop or continue indefinitely, if his mind would just stop… how would he know? How would he even feel? He just waited. Counted the seconds. He knew it'd be soon, not-breathing was so hard and so loud in the silence of his constricted concrete and steel grave, air wheezing sharply around him. A maddening sound, he wished he couldn't hear it anymore.Better than hearing screams and explosions and death all around him, probably. He wasn't quite sure. It was too quiet now, the wheezing sound weakened…"Iron man…? Oh… oh god. Tony?" Who? The words rang in his ears, incomprehensible. A loud clang of metal hitting metal caused him to jolt.A weight was lifted from his chest, then air assaulted his lungs. Too much, it caused him to cough and splutter when blood flooded his mouth and throat and it was worse than getting no air at all because now he was drowning in his own blood, but it didn't matter because he was going to die anyway so why was the sensation of drowning so much worse than simply not breathing? Why was it such torture when before he felt so numb? "Hell… this is…" the voice was shaken, still echo-y. Tony heard the words, but couldn't quite process what was said. It was like listening to someone talk from under water, broken up, slurred words. Stark, Jericho, weapons… "… Tony? You have to stick with me, don't fall asleep, you can't fall asleep. I will help you. Stay awake." So tired… if he agreed to make the weapons, would the pain stop? Could he get to sleep then?A gentle, warm touch was then on his head tilting it to the side as his body was pushed into the same direction as well, a light pat prompting him to let go of the liquid in his mouth onto the dirty floor, and throw up the rest just a moment later. He coughed and blinked the heavy darkness away from his eyes, taking in the foul smell of blood, sweat and fluids, all suddenly clearer. Above him, Steve knelt and he cradled Tony's head in his arms, murmuring his name and numerous curse words as well. Distantly, the notion of the Captain swearing seemed to have held some kind of a meaning, it was something Tony knew he should be amused by, perhaps mocking the young blond for his old man's ways. Only…Well, death kinda took the humor out of this, at present."It's not fair, Tony. You can't die yet. You just can't. Do you hear me? Stay awake." Steve's hand was so warm against his head, it was nice, the sensation of his long, firm fingers running through mats of bloodied hair was comforting, it wasn't a bad feeling to experience before dying. If only he'd shut up and let him rest now… "help is coming, you hear? They're coming. Come on…!" The hand left Tony's hair and shot to the Captain's ear, from which he pulled an earpiece with a frustrated shout, making Tony jolt back to awareness."Technology never works when you need it." Steve didn't meet Tony's flustered stare when the dying man strained to find his blue eyes, wanting to find hope and reassurance in them that Steve was telling him the truth, that so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Major Character Injury
Dark!Steve
delusional!Steve
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Torture
Betrayal
Unrequited Lust
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Eventual recovery
Maybe - Freeform
Character Death
(but not really...)
Not Canon Compliant
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Protective Avengers
Protective Rhodey
BAMF Rhodey
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Gaslighting
Disturbing Themes
Kidnapping

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

