Chapter 1



Summary:

Wherein Tony is over his head, and Bruce is a good friend.





Chapter Text
If given the chance, Tony Stark would sleep with any one of the Avengers. Collectively or individually. If anyone on the team offered, he’d probably say yes before they finished talking. That being said, Tony was not stupid enough to be the first to approach any of his teammates.  He worked with two scary as fuck assassins, a demigod, a super soldier, and a man with breathtaking anger issues.  Any one of them could snap him in half before he finished saying the word ‘fuck’.  Besides, the last thing he wanted was to mess up a good thing.  The Avengers had finally pulled together as a team, and if Tony was sure of one thing, it was that he would screw it up if he tried to ask for anything more than what the others were willing to give. So to avoid any possibility of completely humiliating himself in front of his new teammates, Tony threw himself into his work.  Iron Man suits, weapons and armor and transportation for his teammates, upgrades and tech for SHIELD and Stark Industries.  He didn’t give himself time to think, much less open his mouth and do something stupid.  Like proposition Captain America for gay sex. The Tower was large enough, and the work kept him busy enough that he hardly ever saw any of the others, generally keeping company with JARVIS and his bots.  On occasion, Bruce would swing by, mostly to tentatively request some new piece of equipment or collateral data for whatever experiment he was working on.  Tony would blink up at him, process the request, then nod and go back to his work.  JARVIS took care of the actual ordering and delivery.  In fact, the AI was pretty much left in charge of ensuring that everybody in the Tower got what they needed. Now and again, Tony would breeze through what he secretly referred to as the Avengers Floor, where the communal kitchen, living room, and gym were all located.  He never stayed for long, mostly pausing just long enough to tease Bruce, verbally spar with Clint, avoid Natasha, and push as many of Steve’s buttons as he could in under five minutes.  Then he was gone again, heading for his lab, his company, or on very rare occasions, his bed. So really, Tony had an excellent excuse for not realizing what was happening under his roof until nearly two months after the last of the team – Natasha and Steve – had moved in.  He had finally caught up on everything, even the SI stuff that Pepper had been throwing at him, and the CEO had told him, quite firmly, that he wasn’t allowed back in the lab until he’d spent at least twelve hours either socializing or sleeping, preferably the latter.  And JARVIS was obviously conspiring with her, because suddenly, none of his codes or overrides worked. Grumpy, he headed upstairs, pausing briefly at the Avengers Floor just to make sure that nothing that required his attention was likely to happen in the next several hours.  He just wanted a shower, food, and sleep.  Not necessarily in that order. He found the Avengers in the living room, watching an old black and white movie – African Queen? – on the television.  Pausing in the doorway, he let his eyes sweep over his teammates, his lips dipping in a small frown as what he was seeing finally sunk in. Steve was seated on the left side of the couch, with Natasha on his lap, curled up against his chest, her feet stretched out across Clint’s legs.  The archer was settled against their resident god of thunder, his hands pressing gently into the delicate arches of Natasha’s feet.  Thor had one arm stretched along the back of the couch behind Clint. The other one was wrapped firmly around Bruce, who appeared to be dozing, his glasses knocked askew on his nose as the light from the television played across his face.  Phil, the last of the group, was settled on the floor, his back against the couch and his side pressed against Clint’s legs from ankle to knee.  He had removed his suit jacket and tie for the occasion, and even rolled up his shirt sleeves, paperwork spread out on the floor in front of him.  Natasha’s hand was stroking carefully through his thinning hair, occasionally scratching lightly down to the nape of his neck. The six of them there, curling up together while they watched a movie, made a beautiful picture, and Tony felt his breath catch in his throat.  Swallowing quietly, he slipped back out the way he’d come, heading back for the elevators, which opened silently at his approach.  Once inside, he slumped against the back wall.  “Penthouse, JARVIS,” he mumbled. “As you wish, sir,” the AI replied neutrally. Tony smiled bitterly to himself.  “How long?” he asked as he stepped out into the living room of his own floor. “Sir?” JARVIS asked. Tony shook his head.  “Never mind, it’s not important,” he muttered dismissively.  Deciding that all he wanted to do right then was sleep, he headed for the bedroom, stripping as he went.  “J, lock down my floor, would you?  I don’t w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Thor Odinson/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers/Thor Odinson/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-CAWS
Coulson Lives
Poly-Avengers
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Extremis
not AOU compliant
First time attempting to write multiple pairings
Multiple Pairings
Extremis Healing Properties
Explicit Language
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Everybody Feels
Work In Progress
Act of terrorism
We all hate Hammer
We all hate Osborn too
Lots of Sex
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Cum Marking
Canon Typical Violence
Author took liberties with Iron Man Armor designations
handjobs
Voyeurism
Everybody's sweet on everybody else
Blindfolds
safewords that aren't needed but are just in case
petting
SO MUCH AFFECTION
Protective Avengers
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Thor Odinson/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers/Thor Odinson/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

