Work Text:
"Meeting's in ten, guys."
Natasha looked up from her book as Steve walked past the couch, marking her page. She checked on Clint, who was dead to the world on the other sofa, arms clasped around one of his quivers. It was only eleven-way too early for Clint to be conscious. "Got it. Just sparring?"
"Just sparring," Steve confirmed, walking in the direction of their quarters. He sent her a quick smile over his shoulder. "You're the only one awake, though."
"Ooh, have fun," She said, smirking. Steve was about to walk into the lion's den-waking up Tony, Bruce and Thor all at once? Good thing he was damn near indestructable. "Clint."
She kicked the couch. Clint snapped awake, launching his empty quiver at her face. She ducked easily, rolling over her copy of The Count of Monte Cristo so she didn't bend the pages. "Sparring in ten. Wake up."
"I'm awake, I'm awake…" Clint yawned, running a hand through his hair. He glanced around the empty living room. "Where is everyone?"
"Still sleeping." Natasha stood, making sure Clint followed her towards the doors. She pressed the elevator button for the archer, smiling to herself. His hair was hopelessly ruffled, sticking up every which way.
Touching it was out of the question-Clint was famously defensive of his cowlicks. That, and she didn't want someone to mistake her basic understanding of neatness for-affection-or something. "Your hair is all messed up."
"Your face is messed up," Clint muttered back, hitting the elevator doors in frustration. "Why the hell is Rogers making up spar at eleven in the morning on a Sunday? It's too goddamned early."
Natasha felt her phone buzz. She ignored Clint's griping and grabbed it from her back pocket. Can't find Tony anywhere, Steve's text read. Any idea where he is?
"Steve can't find his boy toy," Natasha informed Clint, who grinned. "JARVIS?"
A pleasant voice rang out above her. "Ms. Romanov-"
The elevator doors sprang open before JARVIS could finish. Tony was suddenly there, arms wide, a shit-eating grin on his face. "Natasha! Clint!"
Both assassins took a big step back as Stark stepped out of the elevator, followed by a taller man in a suit. The other man watched her with steady eyes, a small smirk on his lips. Natasha frowned, looking at the fancy suit. Business.
"Tony. We have a spar session in ten."
Stark snapped his fingers, turning back to his friend. "Damn. And I thought it was a spa session. You still like facials, Brucie?"
Natasha coughed loudly, but the other man was unflappable. Tony seemed to snap out of it, blinking twice. "Ah. Guys, meet Bruce. Bruce, guys."
Bruce stepped forward, smiling. Clint shook the man's hand, nodding stiffly. "Clint. Nice to meet you."
"Bruce Wayne," the man intoned, inclining his head. He smiled at Natasha, taking her hand. "Pleasure."
Another billionaire buddy. Great. Natasha forced a smile, internally reviewing what she knew of the man-in truth, he was a lot like Tony-money, sex, and more money. There'd been an article in the tabloids a few days ago-something about a threesome inside a fountain? She glanced at Clint, who seemed to be thinking along the same lines.
Tony slung an arm around his guest's shoulders. "Brucie here's been my friend since, ah, I don't know...Right, Brucie?"
Wayne smiled widely, something about it irritating Natasha. "Sure. And fellow businessmen for just as long. Tony and me go way back. Boarding school and all."
"Great," Natasha said, hearing footsteps in the hallway behind her. Banner and Thor stood at the mouth of the kitchen, a pissed-looking Rogers in front of them. "Found Tony, Steve!"
The look he sent her could've killed. Banner and Thor chose (wisely) to stand back as Steve walked into the room, all angsty shoulders and american charm. "Hey Tony. Who's your guest?"
"Bruce Wayne," Wayne offered his hand, not shrugging off the arm Tony had around his shoulders. Steve looked like he wanted to punch both of them, but he shook Wayne's hand like the boy scout he truly was. "You must be the Captain."
"Steve Rogers," Rogers said stiffly, looking at Tony. "We have practice in five minutes. I don't think your friend will be staying that long."
Whoa. That was a little aggressive. Tony turned to grin at Bruce, who raised an eyebrow. "Wanna stay and watch, Brucie? I'm sure we could dredge up some champagne for you."
Wayne glanced at the group, his smile widening. "You know me too well."
"For sure." Tony ignored Steve's murderous glare and pointed at the group. "Go get set up. We'll join you in a quick sec."
Roger's ears were red at the tips. Natasha could tell because it was the only place she felt safe staring at. "Our sparring session isn't time for business, Tony."
"Business? What business?" Tony looked at Wayne, whose face had gone carefully blank. "Bruce's an old friend. Two seconds, Steve."
Steve stalked off to the sparring rooms as soon as Tony and Wayne were out of sight, a timid looking Banner and Thor following behind. Natasha looked at Clint, who sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bruce Wayne is Batman
Secret Identity
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Steve Rogers
Jealous Steve
Bruce Has Issues
BAMF Bruce
POV Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Fighting
Sparring
Identity Reveal
Fluff and Humor
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

