Work Text:
Steve Rogers had a best friend, he’d had a couple over the years but he was closest to this one. They had met when Steve was in the middle of being ganged-up on; his friend had stepped in and stopped the group of boys. Steve hadn’t even known his name but his friend had cleaned him up and acted as his sentinel for the rest of the day.
When they parted, his friend had said, “I’ll see you around kid, the name’s Harry by the way.”
And Steve had seen Harry again; he had seen him practically every day since then. Currently, they had been friends for two years and now Harry was leaving. Harry was going to sign up with the army and join the fight. Steve didn’t want him to go; too many people went to war and never came back for him to be happy about his best friend going to war.
Harry was determined though, so Steve said goodbye and good luck and watched as Harry left. He found another friend after a while, James Buchanan Barnes or ‘Bucky’. He never forgot Harry and eventually tried to sign up with the army himself. He got in but he was definitely not the best soldier, then he met the scientist and his life was changed irrevocably.
Steve became ‘Captain America’ and fought against HYDRA, destroying everything that got in his way. He never found Harry though, his friend was always in the back of his mind and he was always unconsciously searching for best friend. Then he had to put the plane in the ocean with himself inside it and he stopped searching.

He woke slowly, warmth permeating his skin as he came too. An old game was playing on a radio and there was a nurse leaning over him, soothing him. She didn’t answer his questions though, so Steve ignored her and ran out of the building, sirens following him as said building went into a panic. He halted at the sight that greeted him; there were lights, people and automobiles everywhere. There was a black man standing on the street looking at him, the man gestured back to the building in an invitation and said, “I’m sure you have a few questions for me, Captain Rogers.”
The man introduced himself as SHIELD Director Nick Fury and told him what had happened, how he had been found in the ice and been revived, how he had been in the ice for seventy years. Everything and everyone he had known would be gone or severely aged. There was no point in trying to find Harry anymore and Peggy would be far too old for him now. He wished he’d never been found in the ice, that he’d never survived being frozen.
He soldiered on however, he would try to get used to this new world. A world in which he was apparently a legend, more than he’d been in his own time. It was only when he was on the run with Natasha, the Black Widow, that his past walked by him. They had been leaving the technology shop when someone who was the spitting image of Harry walked past.
He stumbled and turned to look, the doppelganger was standing in front of a book store, examining the books. Natasha pulled his arm, “Come on Rogers, we gotta go.”
“But that’s-”
“I don’t care; unless you want to die I suggest we move.”
“Yeah, sure,” Steve let Natasha drag him away, still watching the Harry lookalike until he was out of sight.

Then they found the barracks, HYDRA attacked and Bucky Barnes was found and Steve forgot all about that one moment he saw his old best friend. Bucky appearing contributed to that, he had never expected to see his comrade and friend, most definitely hadn’t expected to see him the as he had been seventy years ago.
SHIELD was gone, overtaken by HYDRA and Steve didn’t quite know what to do. He had stopped HYDRA’s main plan and he didn’t want to fight the remaining factions. He was tired of fighting, for so long all he had wanted to do was help keep his country safe and now that was all he was doing. Was it asking too much for him to experience some peace?
He holed himself away in a small house in the countryside that Tony had given him when he had expressed a wish to get away. Now Steve spent his days indulging in his love for art, creating pieces with various modems and inspiration from his memories as well as the landscape he was in. The Avengers came to visit sometimes, mainly when they needed to get away from the hustle and bustle of being in the big city.
He still exercised daily, still ran every morning and night. He kept in shape as he knew that sooner or later they would come to reel him back in. If there was a problem and Captain America was needed, the world wouldn’t hesitate to yank him out of his retreat and back into the war no matter what his wishes were.
As he drew, painted and crafted he found himself creating elements of Harry, the friend he had had and lost without really knowing why. He had looked at the old records of the war and had found no reference to his Harry ever fighting even though he had seen him in his fatigues with his own eyes. It was as if Harry had never existed.
Steve found himself making a long stick with little lumps going down the length of it, the stic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Harry Potter

freeform: 
not civil war compliant
Master of Death Harry
dragons!
French translation available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Harry Potter

