Chapter 1: Natasha
    




Chapter Text
Natasha Romanov was not a damsel in distress. She did not need rescuing. She did not need help. She was a perfectly capable, independent woman. However, like all people, she did occasionally require assistance in solving a particularly tricky problem. In this case, a Hydra kidnapping. They wanted a new Winter Soldier, or something. Nat wasn't entirely sure; she was kind of drugged at the moment. Stupid tranquilizers. And she's got to be hallucinating about now, because she could've sworn one of the kidnappers trying to drag her into the van just lost his weapon to a shot of spider-webs. A shadowed figure slammed into the man holding Nat upright. She staggered, but managed to find her balance. The Red Room had taught her how to fight while drugged. She'd pass out in a few minutes, certainly, but for now she could snap some necks. She stomped on the nearest agent's foot hard enough to break bone and elbowed his throat. Down like a rock. She took out two more before staggering and leaning against the alley wall. There had been three...four more? But they were all unconscious or in webs. And there was a man in brightly-colored spandex standing in front of her. "Holy shit, you're Black Widow!" Nat blinked at him. "I've read your file. Spider-Man. Vigilante hero. Loner. Enhanced strength and senses. Inorganic webs shot from devices on your wrists. Young, projected age under thirty. Only been a hero for twenty-two months, including the six-month gap where you took a vacation or got kidnapped or hurt or something. Considering the fact that it happened right after the death of Gwen Stacy I imagine it has something to do with a mental or emotional crisis and where are we going?" Spider-Man had his hands on her shoulders and was walking her down the sidewalk. "We're going to get a phone and call an ambulance. Pretty sure you're drugged, Ms. Romanov." "Oh, well, you're going to have to carry me because I think I'm gonna pass...""Oh, hey, hey, don't pass out! Come on, you--god dammit." --Natasha woke up in SHIELD medical, Clint sitting in the chair next to her. He grinned. "Ah, the rescued damsel awakens." "I will murder you," she promised. "After I murder him."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Winter Soldier-Compliant
Not AoU-compliant
AU Canon Divergence
Injury
Attempted Kidnapping
Rescues
BAMF Peter Parker
Some angst
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

