Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
You really don’t know what you were thinking.Going to Natasha for relationship advice almost always ended badly. The woman practically oozed confidence and sex appeal, so really it shouldn’t be a shocker that her advice would almost always end up with “I don’t see what the problem is, just fuck him.” Because that’s what she would do.Only one problem.When Nat approaches a man with the prospect of sex, they turn into drooling messes and always jump at the chance.When you do it… well, the results are far from the desired outcome. One man actually laughed at you. You had approached him the way Natasha instructed, batted your eyelashes at him, and asked it he wanted to get out of there with you. He had sputtered on his drink as he laughed, swiftly declined, then asked if your red headed friend was single.The was the last time you went to that bar…Asshole.After that, you swore you would never ask for her help again.But then here you were, the two of you curled up on your pristine white couch with glasses of red wine, cuddling crimson throw pillows, watching 10 Things I Hate About You.  While your best friend lost herself in the movie and the drink, you were busy mulling over how you were going to ask for her romantic expertise this time.“God Heath was such a heartthrob, wasn’t he?”  Natasha sighs before taking a pull of her wine.  You nod silently, your fingers pulling at the knots of thread that adorned the pillow in your lap nervously.  She picked up on your silence - she always did - and cast a glance your way.  “You good, Y/N? You’ve barely touched your wine.  You’re usually on glass two by now.”“Hmm?”  You pulled your focus from the knotted strings to look her in the eye. “Oh, yeah.  I’m good.  Just…thinking.”And just like that, the movie was paused, her wine was set on the crisp white coaster, and her focus was completely on you.“Ok, what’s his name?”
Got her.
“It’s…um, well it’s no one really, I just-”“Spit it out.” Natasha snapped impatiently, and you immediately comply.“It’s Dr. Barnes.” You almost whisper, hoping to god she doesn’t actually hear you.“Professor Barnes?”  Natasha screamed in delight, her fists coming up to shake excitedly as she bounced before you. “Y/N, You can’t be serious!  You naughty bitch!”“Oh, fuck off.”  You giggled, throwing your pillow at her face. Damn, now there was nothing to busy your hands with.  You settled for reaching up and twirling a lock of hair between your fingers.“What is it that does it for you, hmm?  Those long luscious locks?  His rippling muscles?  No no no, I know! The bowties?  It’s the bowties, isn’t it?”“All of the above?”  You shrug, reaching for your wine.  “To be honest, the fact that I can’t have him probably adds to the appeal, I guess.”“Can’t have him?!  Y/N, are you nuts?  You’re gorgeous!  You could have any man you want!”  You rolled your eyes at that one, reveling in the warmth that chased the wine down your throat.“You’re full of shit.  I’m an awkward potato, no one wants me, and you know it.  Besides, I can’t have him.  He’s my teacher!  My teacher, Natasha!”  Her lip curled and her nose crinkled.“Ew, ‘teacher’ makes it sound so high school.  He’s your graduate professor, and you’re 25.  It’s far from criminal.”“It’s still taboo.” You defended.“But not illegal.  I fail to see the problem.”  You groan as you drop your head into your hands.  She was impossible.“The problem is that I am his student.  Not to mention that he’s a Grade-A beefcake and I am, as I said before: an awkward damn potato.”  The redhead rolls her eyes at your grand gesture to yourself. “Now who’s full of shit?” A single red eyebrow arched at you, accompanied by a smirk.“Still you.”  She rolled her eyes - something she seems to do a lot with you - crossing her legs up on the couch and tucking her bare feet under her sinfully long legs as she did.“So then why are we even having this conversation?”  She questioned.  She had you there.“Well, I…becaaaause…I can’t get him out of my head!” You sputtered, falling back onto the cushions. “I just want to fuck his brains out!”“So do it!”“I can’t!”“And why not?!”“Because I can’t be sexy!  Besides, I don’t know the first thing about coming on to my teach-” a glare from Natasha had you back peddling immediately, “professor.”  Damn her self-righteous smirk.“Oh, please. That’s easy.”  She giggled.  “So what you do is ask him if you can borrow a pencil, then accidentally drop it-”  She acts it out as she speaks with an imaginary pencil, prompting a groan from you. You grab your glass, deciding you need to be drunker to hear this. “ ‘Oops!’ ” She pitches her voice up, overdramatically bending to pick up the invisible object.  “Then you -”“Natasha, I swear to god if you tell me to do the Bend and Snap -”“- ‘Accidentally’ suck his dick.”  You’re choking now, gasping as the red liquid that had been such a welcome reprieve a few moments ago becomes an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Reader-Insert
Teacher Bucky Barnes
Teacher Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Eventual Smut
Eventual Relationships
Eventual Sex
Eventual Romance
Alternate Universe - College/University
College
Graduate School
Alternate Universe - After College/University
University
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Consensual Kink
Praise Kink
Daddy Kink
authority kink
Sexual Content
Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Thighs
thigh riding
In Public
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Dirty Dancing
Grinding
Clubbing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

