Chapter 1: All the world will be your enemy...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky wanted to watch. Fuck, he wanted the image of Steve broken and bruised and shutting down with a flash of pain in his eyes. He wanted to see it imprinted behind his eyelids for the rest of his life. He wanted to wrap the sight around his heart so that he would never, ever be able to forget the damage that flowed in his wake, of his own free will this time. “You want to go back under?” Steve asked tonelessly. A stranger could mistake it for pleasant question, asked with a sort of detached politeness. But Bucky wasn’t a stranger. He saw Steve’s eyes go cold and dark. “Yes,” Bucky whispered, forcing himself not to look away. He had to do this. This was the only way to fucking save Steve from his path of self-destruction. Steve was a satellite in Bucky’s too-strong orbit, always swaying ever closer, waiting and watching and praying to burn in Bucky’s atmosphere. But Bucky wasn’t going to let that happen. Not again. Not this time. If this was his second chance to write fate, he was going to fucking take it. Spare Steve the pain of burning up from the inside with Bucky’s proximity. Bucky was never a hero, but that didn’t stop him from trying to pursue some path of salvation, and Steve deserved it more than anyone. “Oh,” Steve said, same tone. “And I think,” Bucky said, pausing to make sure his voice wouldn’t waver, “I think you shouldn’t be here when I wake up.” Ah, there it was. This image burned brighter than the first, and now Steve’s eyes weren’t simply cold and distant. Bucky watched as Steve’s fingers seemed to spasm of their own accord, twisting in the air to clench around something that didn’t exist. Steve swallowed roughly. He closed his eyes. He took a deep, shuddering breath. When he opened his eyes, he looked more like a ghost than anything. More withdrawn inside himself than Bucky had ever seen. “Okay,” Steve whispered, his voice a breath of resignation as he just instantly fucking accepted it all. Bucky would have been furious if he wasn’t so relieved. But he knew he hadn’t gone far enough. He knew that, in order to ensure Steve’s salvation, he’d have to bask in absolute ruin first. “I have a second chance,” he said, and Steve would’ve noticed the tremor in Bucky’s voice if he hadn’t been too busy shutting down. “You’re—it’s too much. I can’t start over if you’re with me.” “Forever?” Steve asked, and Bucky almost didn’t hear him. Bucky clenched his jaw to keep from fucking bursting into tears. Because, fuck, the way Steve just instantly accepted Bucky’s rejection like he’d been preparing for it for years? That was so wrong. That wasn’t okay. Briefly, Bucky wished he could tell Steve that everything was for him. That, even if Steve liked to think he orbited around Bucky, Bucky had orbited Steve first. Steve was everything. And this was just one of the sacrifices that Bucky was going to make to ensure that Steve would be okay. This was all for a reason. Steve had to be okay. “Yeah,” Bucky said, and, despite his best efforts, his lips trembled around the word, and his voice was thick. Steve couldn’t notice. Bucky’s Stevie, usually so perceptive and fucking smart, could not afford to focus on anything besides keeping his entire body neutral. He gave Bucky an abrupt, curt nod, not meeting his eyes, and turned to leave the room. As soon as the door shut, Bucky let the sobs overtake him, and he didn’t stop until he was dehydrated and exhausted and forced to pass out. 
  The last time Steve would see Bucky was terrible. Bucky was too familial with him. Bucky was offering Steve these gentle, tragic smiles like he knew exactly what Steve was feeling, and Steve actually didn’t have any capabilities to deal with that, so he stayed fucking neutral, kept his expression even, asked one more time if Bucky was sure, because Steve was selfish and he couldn’t fucking help it when it came to Bucky and— Yes, Bucky was sure. And still too knowing and gentle about it. So, Steve just watched behind a panel, numb and aching, as frost coated Bucky in the cryochamber. And he looked like a goddamn angel. A goddamn fucking angel. Steve was sure that nobody in this world could be as beautiful as Bucky. God, he was fucking ethereal. People should fucking paint stained glass in his honor. A fucking martyr hidden behind a devil’s smile and kind, cold eyes. Steve stiffly turned away. Bucky’d never been Steve’s to keep. Bucky didn’t want Steve in his new life. Steve didn’t get to fucking look at him anymore. He spoke with T’Challa, who continued to prove himself more and more of a good man. And Steve just fucking couldn’t. “I’m going to take a break for a while,” Steve said quietly, not looking at T’Challa, not knowing that this was what he was gonna do until the words were out of his mouth. “I can’t be on a team right now.” T’Challa nodded as if he understood. “Alright.” “I’m not going to b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
T'Challa/Sam Wilson
America Chavez & Steve Rogers
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
Kate Bishop/America Chavez

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Fuck the Serum
Violence
Torture
Homelessness
POV Alternating
Angst
Identity Issues
Holy FUCK Identity Issues
Suicidal Thoughts
Fugitive Steve
Author Knows Almost Nothing About Okoye and Nakia
Recovery
Bucky Barnes is Always Confused
Bucky Barnes Accidentally Adopts the Young Avengers
Steve Rogers Accidentally Adopts America Chavez
Road Trips
America Chavez Will FIGHT Bucky Barnes
Reunions
Repairing Friendships
Steve Rogers: Human Disaster
Bucky Barnes: The Next Masterchef
Pancakes Are Important
You've Heard of Kid Fics Now Get Ready For Angtsy Teen Fics
It's A CAVERN
Fluff
Happy Ending
Some Loose Ends

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
T'Challa/Sam Wilson
America Chavez & Steve Rogers
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
Kate Bishop/America Chavez

