Work Text:
Steve meets Sgt. James Barnes on his first day at SHIELD headquarters in DC.
Well, okay, that might be a bit of an overstatement, they don’t actually meet. Steve overhears a man yelling at Director Fury while he's waiting to officially report in, and then catches a glimpse of him as he storms out of Fury's office. He gets a brief impression of neat dark hair and ice blue eyes burning in anger. Then the man walks right by him with clipped military precision, not giving any sign of having seen Steve at all, much less recognizing Captain America dubiously disguised in civilian clothes.
Which Steve is fine with, because he's still not great at pretending he hasn’t overheard things unenhanced humans couldn't hear, which unfortunately extends to arguments that happen behind closed doors. You can't send my team into an op and not tell us there's civilians present,  the man had shouted at Fury. We didn't even try a soft entry, and now there are dead civilians, because we got shitty intel. Dead non combatants and children, Nick, that blood is on my hands now! What kind of intelligence agency are you running that you didn't know there was a fucking child care facility in the bunker you just had me clear?
Steve had missed Fury's reply, since he’d apparently decided he wasn't dignifying the argument by shouting back, but whatever he'd said had lead to the other man storming out of the room, leaving Steve with a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach and the yet another bought of second guessing if joining SHIELD was the right call. This is Peggy's baby, Steve reminds himself for the hundredth time. The foundations of this organization were moral and good, and if they've strayed from her vision, then the least you can do is help them find the right path again.

"Sorry about that, Cap," Fury says, when Steve stands and catches the door after the other man. "That was Sgt. Barnes, leader of Strike Team C. He’s a damn good operative, but he’s got some, uh... problems with authority. I’m starting to think that’s why his Spec Ops commander was so eager to recommend him for SHIELD.”



Steve refrains from pointing out that from his perspective, Barnes’s argument seemed pretty valid. If he’s going to play the game with SHIELD, even a long con to try to get in on the ground and start making some changes so people like Barnes aren't put in positions that compromise their integrity, it probably isnt the best plan to start off by arguing with his new CO. Instead he falls into the practiced and familiar pose of military at-ease, and gives a mild “Yes, Sir.” in reply. 

Fury gives him a knowing look, like he’s aware he’s being placated, and then continues. “We’d like you to head up Strike Team A. The leadership experience and tactical expertise you can bring to this organization is invaluable and–” 


  Steve lets himself lose track of Fury’s speech after that. It’s all very coded political talk for how much they’re looking forward to getting their hands on America’s favorite poster boy, and Steve doesn’t need to hear this speech again. His mind drifts back to Sgt. Barnes, his steely face and ice blue eyes. Steve wonders what his story is, where he comes from. 


 “Am I boring you, Cap?” 


“No, Sir,” Steve says smartly, and tunes back in. 


 ____


He doesn’t run into Barnes again, in the first week of his time at SHIELD. He’s introduced to his now Strike Team, composed of a bunch of ex-military fighters and, to his secret delight, Natasha Romanoff. Of all the disparate characters thrown together to make up the so-called Avengers, Romanoff made the most sense to him. She thought differently than he did, more of a spy than a soldier, but there was something in her that he related to. He couldn’t deny the appeal of a familiar face on his team either, at least one person he’d fought with before and knew he could trust.


However, it was a bit of a surprise when he got back from a morning run around the national mall, which was quickly becoming routine, to find her loitering outside his apartment. “I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that you know where I live,” he says as he approaches, and she gives him an amused little smirk. 


“It’s in your file,” she says mildly.


“And why do you have my file?” He asks just as causally, unlocking the front door to his building and graciously gesturing her inside. He’s under no illusion that even the fairly extensive security system in his building would have been able to keep her out of she wanted to greet him from inside his apartment instead of at the front door. “I thought you were one of my operatives, not my handler.”


“You live in such a quaint, black and white world,” she says fondly, walking past him into the building.


The thing that no one seems to realize is that he doesn’t, though, not really. He’s perfectly capable of understanding what she just did for him, by coming here and allowing him to draw the conclusion he just made. She might as well have just told SHIELD is monit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
cap!steve - Freeform
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Avengers (2012)
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Slow Burn
Frottage
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

