Work Text:
Tony had been wary when Steve first brought Bucky into the Tower.And for good reason. Tony would have been an idiot if he let a brainwashed former Hydra assassin just waltz into his Tower without asking any questions.He wasn’t Hydra’s asset anymore, Steve had insisted. He was healing, he was regaining his memories. And besides, the way Steve saw it, the rest of the team had their problems too. They were all just broken people trying to make themselves better.Steve made a hell of a convincing argument. So Tony allowed him to bring Bucky in.But he was still keeping an eye on him. Because Bucky was an alpha. Tony had never been a normal omega but he was still unsettled having an alpha in the Tower. Especially an unstable alpha.For the most part, Bucky kept to himself. Tony occasionally saw him at breakfast or the weekly team dinners Steve insisted on having. But Bucky spent most of his meals gazing out the window instead of socializing.After a couple months of almost no interaction with the alpha, Tony started to let his guard down.And that’s exactly when everything went to shit.It was 4 a.m. when Tony stumbled into the kitchen for coffee. He had been up all night working out an issue in one of the repulsors. It still wasn’t fixed. But he had reached the point of exhaustion where his mind was getting sluggish and he needed caffeine to keep going.He started a pot of coffee, leaning in to inhale the delicious aroma.His back went rigid as another scent mingled with the coffee. The unmistakable musk of alpha pheromones.Oh shit.Tony frantically scanned the kitchen, finally spotting Bucky leaning up against the fridge. How long had he been standing there? And more importantly, how long had he been staring at him like that?Bucky was looking at him like a lion looked at a gazelle and oh shit this was everything Tony feared. Every omega knew alphas got pretty aggressive when they went into rut. You just backed off and gave them their space until the testosterone levels went down and they could act like civilized human beings again.Somehow, Tony didn’t think walking away from Bucky was going to do any good.Bucky pushed off the fridge and Tony immediately took a step backwards. “Barnes,” he said, trying to sound tougher than he felt. “Don’t.”Bucky bared his teeth. “Omega.”“Right,” Tony said shakily. “But trust me, you don’t want this omega. I’m old, I’m damaged, I’m insubordinate, I’m-”“Always liked a challenge,” Bucky said with a feral grin. He lunged for Tony.Tony instinctively dodged, but Bucky managed to catch him anyway, swinging him around and pinning him firmly against the counter. He could feel Bucky’s erection pressed against his backside.“No, stop,” Tony said. He pushed backwards, trying to push Bucky off him.“Relax,” Bucky purred. “I’ll make it real good for ya.” He stroked one hand down Tony’s chest and then started working it under the waistband of Tony’s pants.“I said no!” He twisted out of Bucky’s grip and started running blindly down the hall. He had no idea where he was going, but he just had to get away. Put as much distance between him and Bucky as he could.“You can’t get away from me,” Bucky shouted after him. “No matter where you go, I will find you, Even down in your precious lab.”Tony pivoted away from the elevators. Okay, if Bucky was expecting him to hide down in the lab, he was obviously going to go somewhere else.  He took the stairs two at a time, heading down to the basement floors.To his surprise, he found himself heading towards the gym. But that was okay. The gym had a door he could lock behind him. It would only be a minor obstacle against Bucky’s strength, but by then he would hopefully be in the elevator heading up to the common floor. Bucky wouldn’t dare touch him with the rest of the team watching. He wasn’t that stupid, even under the haze of rut.Tony darted into the gym, barely taking the time to secure the door before he was running again.But in his haste to keep moving, he forgot to pay attention where he was going and he ran headlong into Steve.“Whoa,” Steve said with a laugh. He peeled Tony off his chest. “What’s the rush?”“Oh god, I am so happy to see you,” Tony said, immediately launching himself back at Steve. Thank fuck for Steve’s ridiculous early morning workouts.He grabbed a handful of Steve’s shirt and pulled him close. “Listen to me,” he said urgently. “Barnes has gone fucking psycho.”Steve’s brow furrowed. “Winter Soldier?”“No. Maybe. I don’t know.” Tony shook his head vigorously. “But he’s in rut and he wants to take me and he’s out of his fucking mind.” Steve looked more intrigued than concerned, which was a little alarming. But he didn’t have time to think about it because there was the sound of the door splintering.“Shit, he found me,” Tony said, scrambling away from Steve. “I gotta get out of here.”Steve grabbed his arm. “Wait. We’re going to talk this out like rational human beings.”“We can’t,” Tony said. He cast an anxious glance over his shoulder. Buc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dark Steve Rogers
dark bucky
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Mpreg
Pheromones
Rape/Non-con Elements
Poor Tony
Rutting
Community: avengerkink
Mind Control

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

