Work Text:
As much as Harry missed England, he had to hand it to the Yanks. New York was fantastic. He loved the skyline; vividly different to that of Hogwarts, and if he never saw the Forest of Dean again it wouldn’t have been long enough. He loved the anonymity. No one knew who he was, and those that recognised the name dismissed it. Voldemort hadn’t scared them into submission, and thus he’d never been their saviour. And he loved the fall. It was his third autumn in America, and he never failed to appreciate the beauty of slowly browning trees.Mostly, he loved his job. He worked for W.A.N.D., Wizarding Association of National Defence, and had finally made it into high profile protection and infiltration. He was sat in Central Park as the sun crept above the horizon, book in one hand, Starbucks in the other, a wand up his sleeve and a gun in his holster. While he sat, he waited for his target. Surveillance suggested the target ran through the park early morning, avoiding even the most eager of commuters, before returning to his home and working for the rest of the day.He was part of a team of six that ran in eight hour shifts, one day on, one day off, on call on the days he had shifts, and sleeping and researching the days he didn’t. He liked this shift the best. The target spent most of his time between 4am and 12pm either asleep, or working indoors, or on his infrequent run. He checked the book. The tracking spell flashed against the map. Target approaching.Harry sipped his coffee, and watched the target out the corner of his eye, while pretending to read his book (Pride and Prejudice). He didn’t have to fake his look of surprise when the target plonked himself in the seat next to him. He looked up, an eyebrow raised.Usually, when engaged by a target, it meant you weren’t doing a very good job of hiding in plain sight. Harry hoped his cover hadn’t been blown. He thought he was rather unobtrusive. He could have disillusioned himself, but that led to awkward situations if you ever had to appear from nowhere to save your target.Usually, one completed the social niceties, pretended to know nothing about the target, and excused oneself.Unfortunately, Harry’s target was anything but usual. Tony Stark likely had the most recognisable face in the world, so Harry couldn’t exactly pretend not to know him.“Mr Stark,” he greeted him. The other man grinned.“You know who I am?”Harry rolled his eyes. “Who doesn’t know who you are?”Stark grimaced. “Point.” Harry didn’t reply. “I’ve seen you here a few times,” Stark said.Bloody hell.“Have you?”“Yup. Thought you looked lonely. Could do with a friend.”Harry snorted. “Are you offering?”Stark looked surprised.“I suppose I am,” he said, his brows furrowing.“You don’t seem to be particularly sure,” Harry replied, finishing his coffee. He stood, binned the object in question, and nodded at Stark.“Have a good day.” He walked away, withdrawing his mobile and sending a text to Angela to let her know she needed to take over. When he received a confirmation he strode to the nearest apparition point, and apparated into Headquarters.“Potter. What the bloody hell was that?” Peterson growled, and glared at him. Harry stared back. He’d lied to Severus Snape’s face. Peterson simply wasn’t intimidating. He removed his glasses, and replaced them with his own pair. The first were charmed to record everything they saw, so he knew Peterson knew exactly what ‘that’ was.“Target approached and engaged me in conversation. I disengaged when it was appropriate.”Peterson huffed. “Get home, and brush up on your disillusionment charms. And next time use a bloody polyjuice, so he doesn’t get suspicious.” Harry nodded and left.The following week was uneventful. He spent it polyjuiced and surveilling the target, and researching the terrorist group that wanted Stark. They were an offshoot of the Death Eaters, fled to America, and wanted to combine Stark’s weapons with their magic to blow up the magical world and prove that integration between muggles and magicals wasn’t possible. Same old, same old.It was his day off and he was sitting in his third favourite coffee shop, just down the road from his flat. He wasn’t sure why, but muggle coffee was much better than wizarding. Someone sat down at his table, opposite from him. He looked up, and sighed. Stark. How the bloody hell had he found him? More to the point; why?“Very rude, leaving like you did,” Stark said. Harry closed his eyes, in the hope that when he reopened them Stark would be gone.“Didn’t even turn down my offer of friendship, just left it there, left it hanging.”No such luck.“How did you find me?”Stark grinned, and Harry knew he wasn’t going to like the answer.“I got your coffee cup finger printed, then JARVIS accessed the national database to find out who you are and where you lived. You showed up on that camera.” Stark turned and pointed at a camera across the street.“JARVIS let me know and so I thought I’d come to say hello.”Harry stared at h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff
HP: EWE
Post-Hogwarts
Powerful Harry
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Domestic Avengers
Crossover

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

