Work Text:
Rules of this particular ABO universe:
Bonds without marks can fade or be broken under extreme emotional duress. Meaning something extremely emotionally damaging between two bonded can cause it to break. A broken bond can take months to heal properly and causes a good amount of emotional instability. A mating bite or marking solidifies the bond and without it a bonded pair runs the risk of their bond being broken. It’s pretty rare to be bonded and not marked for very long. The compulsion to do so gets stronger the longer the bond exists.
Tony and Steve were bonded for 5 years and moving towards marking each other after their relationship setback during Ultron. Steve and Bucky were also bonded but not marked and Steve had been struggling with severe withdrawals since he was unfrozen that he was working through until he discovered that Bucky was alive. A bond is basically a measure of compatibility. You can be compatible on several levels ranging from familial to friendship to partnership and love.
*****************
Timeline:
Set 3 years after CA:CW
*******************
Tony Stark had made a lot of mistakes in his life. The world never ceased to remind him of them. Sokovia, Leipzig, Johannesburg, New York. He repeated the list often enough on his own without reminders. He tapped a beat against the leather upholstery of the chair in which he sat. Cataloging his surroundings. Brown leather chair, mahogany desk, thimble on the right hand corner, immaculately ordered stationary. The rug in the office was a deep navy blue and he had to avoid looking at it so often lest he lapse into another memory of Steve’s uniform stretching across muscles so powerful and capable of holding him up but with a much appreciated preference of tearing him down. He glanced back up before his train of thoughts could slip. Staring straight into Thaddeus Ross’ grimace Tony parted his lips to speak before closing them again. Ross was disheveled to say the least and most kind.
He looked peaky and defeated, his shoulders sloping forward with his arms resting on the table. One hand grasped a pen too tightly while the other gripped one of the small patches of hair left on his head. Either way, both hands shook, barely concealing the rage he probably thought he had neatly tucked away. The rage Tony thought he could control at one point.
His hand slid from his hair to the back of his neck.
“Are you even listening, Stark?” His words were meant to bark and bite. Tony raised an eyebrow and set in place his carefully innocent smile.
“Of course. You were saying Mr. Ross?” He replied. Ross growled deep, his alpha instincts obviously kicking into overdrive at the disappearance of his title, well officially in two days time, his power that he no longer had to lord over anyone. His resignation was due in 48 hours and until then he was under a sort of house arrest guarded until then. There was an answering growl behind Tony, on the other side of the closed office door, and his smile deepened along with a slight tingle that ran down his spine.
“You think you’ve won,” Ross states plainly and Tony shrugs offhandedly. “You got me out of my job, took my research, got your buddies pardoned, finagled your way into a prime position within the UN. Not bad for an omega. Do you think it’ll get easier from here? Do you think your friends will thank you much less forgive you?”
Tony bared his teeth but it was T’Challa’s growl from the hall that initially responded. Tony settled for a smirk at the once powerful Secretary of State. He was right. He did do all of that, not completely by himself, but slowly he’d pulled all the evidence he needed on Ross together to release anonymously, not that there was much doubt about who could pull it off. And now after two years of investigation and hearings Ross was finally on his way out of the picture.
His labs and research projects were seized and under current investigation. He had amended the Accords with the leverage from Ross’ downfall and the government’s desire to keep things as quiet as possible, but Ross still had his usefulness yet. The investigation so far only put him out of a job. It wasn’t enough. He needed proof of the Raft. It was his last card left to play. And he couldn’t resist trying to twist that knife.
“Do you wonder about that yourself?” Tony asked. Ross’s frown deepened. Tony leaned forward towards the desk and tilted the gilded framed photo of Betty Ross with what could have been her first science kit open on a wood floor. It figures that the only picture of her in his office would have been of her acting out what she could do for her father in the future.
“Will Elisabeth ever forgive you for what you’ve done?” Tony asked. “Do you think she thanks her lucky stars that her father is the type of man to illegally imprison not one but several people including the once love of her life?”
“Is that why she changed her name?” Tony asked to Ross’ silence. “I’m kind of jealous. I had the same idea myself on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Sokovia Accords
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
only a little bit
Protective T'Challa
T'Challa is a good alpha
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

