Work Text:
It’s there in a padded envelope when Phil comes home, and the way Clint’s being all coy about it, it’s obviously a thing. Another thing. Phil smiles in bemusement as he pulls it out, turning towards the couch where Clint’s pretending to read a magazine.“Don’t make me explain it,” Clint wheedles as Phil cocks an eyebrow and holds up the stethoscope. “You don’t have to! But I need to know what I’m working with. I thought you hated doctors.”Clint huffs and rolls his eyes. “I do hate ‘em,” he mumbles. “What was that?” Phil asks, and  comes over to sit beside him and gather Clint into his arms so he doesn’t have to look at him. Clint shifts and settles, pushing his heavy head up against Phil’s chin. “Tell me what you want, Clint,” he says soothingly, the stethoscope loosely held in his grip on Clint’s chest. “Well,” Clint begins. “I have this.. ‘fantasy’-” the air quotes are palpable; for all these things they do together, Clint’s never really comfortable calling them what they are. Phil lets it slide. “-where I have to go to a doctor... and you know I hate doctors. I don’t... I don’t trust ‘em, you know? Never know when one’s gonna fill you with drugs or cut off your dick or something.” “... I guess,” Phil replies, kissing the top of Clint’s head and letting him pull the stethoscope from his fingers. Clint goes on. “But I trust you. I think I’d like doctors if they were as nice to me as you are.”  Phil chuckles. “Do you mean ‘struck off’ nice or..?” “I don’t know. Like... The doctor gives me what I need, you know. Cause he knows what I need. And he gives me it.”“What you ‘need’, huh?” “Yeah.”“What kind of... prescriptions would he give, do you think?” Phil asks, running the fingers of one hand up along the short stubble on Clint’s jaw. He feels Clint smile before he turns to kiss his hand. “Probably... some ah... preventative measures. Negative reinforcement to uh.. make me take my medicine. Um. Internal exams? Maybe some positive reinforcement too.” “Hmm...” Phil says. “Alright. Give me a day to figure it all out?” Clint shifts so he’s turned over and can look at him properly, spread out mostly on top of him on the couch. He’s grinning infectiously. “A day?!” Phil smiles down on him indulgently. “Too long? You need an emergency check up?” Clint considers it for a moment and decides that it’d be best to wait for Phil to figure out all the ins and outs, that this’ll be a real scene, all planned out and not the silly little thing it could be if Phil wasn’t into it. But Phil’s always into it, pretty much. Anything to make Clint happy.  “Ok, appointment tomorrow then,” Clint answers, shifting up to steal a kiss before laying his weight on top of Phil. “I love you, you know,” he says off into the room. Phil pets his hair and smiles. “I love you too.”  - They don’t see each other much til they come home, which is just as well really, since Clint’s been thinking about his ‘appointment’ all day. When he gets home, Phil’s up in their bedroom with the door closed and a note on it saying ‘do not disturb’ (take a shower and put on the gown, fill out the form). Clint laughs to himself and goes back to the living room, finding what looks like a hospital form on the coffee table that has spaces for ‘safeword preference’ and scales of one to ten for ‘naughtiness during past month’ and other ridiculous little details. He fills it all in and signs it with a flourish and a couple of tiny kisses.   There’s a papery hospital gown folded on top of the toilet when he goes for his shower. He washes up, taking the extra care to be sparklingly clean inside and out. He even brushes his teeth before putting the gown on. It’s odd, wearing a hospital gown and not having at least one black eye when he looks in the mirror. It’s even odder walking to their bedroom and knocking on the door in it, as though he’s in some drug-induced hallucination.  “Come in,” Phil says, and whatever Clint had been expecting when he opened the door it wasn’t quite this.  The bed’s the same bed they’ve always had, but it’s covered in that low grade medical paper stuff and the pillows and bedding are gone. There’s a wheely metal tray thing with all sorts of implements on it just behind where Phil’s standing in a white coat, the stethoscope round his neck and a blandly pleasant smile on his face. There are a couple of frames on the walls that look like fake (maybe) doctorates, and Clint can’t help but break into a broad grin. “Hi.”  “Hello, I’m Dr Coulson,” Phil says seriously. “Sit down, please.” He ushers towards the bed and takes the clipboard from Clint as he passes, hmm-ing as he reads through it. Clint bites his lips as he watches Phil, one hand on his chin as he skims through the form. “Aches, pains?” Phil asks, and Clint shakes his head. “No, sir. Doctor. I feel pretty good.” Phil takes a pen from his pocket and marks something on the form, hmm-ing again. There’s a jar of tongue depressors on the tray and Clint reaches out to take one before Phil f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Medical Kink
Kink Negotiation
Speculum
Roleplay
Doctor/Patient
Established Relationship
Phil literally has forms for everything
Anal Sex
Medical Examination
Spanking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

