Work Text:
Tony had left the letter lying on the table. Next to the phone. After reading it Tony had wordlessly put it down and had fled from the room. His steps had been slow and heavy and he still looked like being on the run. The events of the last days, the constant worries, the self-loathing, all of this hadn’t been enough to wear a strong man like Tony down and now it was this letter that made him lock up himself in his rooms. Not even the laboratory. They were living in the same house and Tony made it to simply vanish.The letter was still lying on the desk.After two days of not being able to get a glimpse of Tony and having Friday block all attempts to talk to him, Rhodey eventually picked it up. By the second line his body was trembling with anger and when he was finished reading it Rhodey’s desire to stand up and get out of this wheelchair was overwhelming. The urge to move, to pace was surging inside of him, to get out of here and use his not iron-clad fist to punch somebody who definitely needed that to come back to their senses.Rhodey had spent so many years of his life in the presence of military people and politicians. He had met so many people who were shameless liars, driven by their own agendas, were applying different standards to the same people, who used the truth and painted it in various colours until it wasn’t recognizable anymore and suited their needs. Yes, Rhodey had got to know a lot people who were only in for themselves, but he had never encountered such blatant, downright delusional arrogance.
So no matter what, I promise if you — if you need us. If you need me, I’ll be there.
How could he even dare? Hadn’t he done enough to hurt Tony? Leaving him behind to sort out the mess Steve had made without thinking about anyone else but himself for a second? Obviously it wasn’t enough. Steve had to make himself feel good about. Writing a letter that seemed like he was reaching out, offering his hand when it was nothing but an insult.I will be there for you, because I am a good friend. A true friend. A hero. It doesn’t matter that you were wrong. I, Captain America, forgive you and I will allow you to come back to me as soon as you realise what you did wrong.Putting the letter back on the desk Rhodey stared at it in disgust. He wanted to rip it apart, to run to Tony and tell him that none of this mattered. That the words of man who had betrayed and lied to him were worthless. A man who put himself and his one agenda above everything else and reproached others of doing so.Rhodey had always hated hypocrisy. No, this was even worse. Steve actually believed in all of this. The sudden anger subsided and was replaced by numbing fear. What if Steve got away with this? Who was there to punish him for it? He had taken with him most of the Avengers who had unmasked themselves as blind puppets, willing to follow an idol without questioning it. The government had no idea where he was. Rhodey was bound to this wheelchair for… maybe forever. Tony was even more broken than Rhodey was. Who was left? The public? The thought of them still worshipping this perfect image of their Captain America was making Rhodey sick.It wasn’t fair. Yes, Tony had committed mistakes, like all of them, but he was the only one willing to stand up for them. To acknowledge them and now he was the only one left paying for them. Not paying for his own mistakes, but for the ones others had made.Tony had been right… and it filled Rhodey with immense pain that people most probably didn’t know this. ***The first days after Siberia had been so quiet. As if the entire world had had to process everything that had been happening. Or maybe it had just taken one big breath. The silence before the storm.Romania spoke up first.A country a lot of Americans probably had never heard about and to be honest, Rhodey didn’t know much about the Eastern European country either. Except that they were demanding the extradition of the criminal Steve Rogers, also known as Captain America. Basically they were calling dibs on him. He should be convicted for the crimes he committed on Romanian soil and since nobody knew where Steve was hiding, they were doing a shout out to every nation in the world. If this man gets apprehended in your territory, hand him over to us – we want him to face trial for what he did here. The rest of the world will have to wait.Germany didn’t wait long.Just a few hours after Romania’s statement the Germans came forward and stated their claim. Steve Rogers had broken International and German law in Berlin, attacked and seriously injured members of the German police and military. They wanted Captain America to face trial in Germany.The UN had already published their statement. Arrest warrants for Steve Rogers, Sam Wilson, James Barnes, Wanda Maximoff, Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff and Scott Lang. The list of their crimes was long, detailed and full of way too many legal terms for anybody to read or to understand. The message was cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Team Cap

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Aftermath
Sokovia Accords
The public reacts to Civil War
Team Cap is full of shit
Not A Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Team Cap

