Chapter 1: Finders Keepers
    




Chapter Text
Tony stared at the boy clutching Steve's leg and said, "No." "Tony..." "Nope. Nu-uh. Not happening." "You don't even know what I was going to say," Steve said. "We've been a team for almost a year now. I have a pretty good idea," Tony retorted. He pointed to the woman standing a distance away from the kid. "The social workers are already here. They can take care of him." "Not this one," Clint said, uncharacteristically serious. Tony looked between him and Steve and the boy, who couldn't have been more than seven. "Why?" Steve knelt next to the boy and whispered something in his ear. The boy stared at his encouraging smile for a minute, before darting off to the wall of the Stark Tower lobby. And up the wall and to the ceiling, until he was curled up in the corner. "Well, that's...okay," Tony said, looking up at the boy. "So he's a mutant. I still don't see why you brought him here." "I agreed to let them...handle this one," the social worker, Amy, said. She was wringing her hands, eyeing the boy. "We're just not...equipped to deal with his...needs." Tony slowly turned to her. "Right. It's not like you don't already deal with thousands of mutant kids on a regular basis.""Well, I'm sure several of our children have the mutant gene," Amy said. "This one's just a bit...obvious." "And that's a problem because...?" "Tony," Steve said gently, "how many villains have we had to fight because everyone turned their backs on them? Because most people simply can't handle their abilities?"Tony turned back to Amy. "You can't tell me that there is no foster family out there who can take this." "There might be," Clint said, "out of the gazillions that've signed up. How many shitty ones do you think the kid'll have to go through before he finds one willing enough to not only handle his powers but also undo all of the psychological shit that's happened to him from losing his parents this shit show..." He stuck a thumb out the window, at the smoldering buildings and limp alien bodies (the Chitauri had tried to come back). "...and all the crappy foster homes who couldn't deal with him because of his powers." "It can't be hard," Tony dismissed, looking up at the boy. "Me, I think it's kinda cool..." "So do I," Clint agreed. "But that's because you fly around in a suit that's powered by a hole in your chest, I grew up the circus, Steve's a super-soldier, Nat's a super-assassin, Bruce has his anger issues and Thor's Thor." "We're not looking to adopt him," Steve cut in. "We don't even know his name; he hasn't said a peep. But we can take care of him until Amy finds a suitable--and loving," he emphasized, looking at Amy, "family who wants him." "That could take months!" Tony protested. "That's like actually raising a kid!" "You don't have to do anything. I'll take care of him." Tony blinked, but he really shouldn't have been surprised. This was Captain America, people. "So you want him to get comfortable around the Tower with people who actually give a shit about him before kicking him out?" Tony asked. "Yeah, I can't see any lasting damage coming from that.""Better than the alternative," Clint promised. Tony looked up at the kid, then at Amy, then his teammates. He shook his head. "Fine. Whatever. Just keep him away from my booze."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Friendship
Angst
Fluff
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
But a lot of Civil War stuff happens
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Civil War Fix-It
Crack
Sassy Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

