Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

In which we meet what must surely be the most unfortunate girl in all the Nine Realms. And her exceptionally horrid mother.





Chapter Text

The girl was staring up at the reverse sickle moon, just as she always was when the guards came for her. Smoothing down her white dress, she gave the moon one last longing look. The girl turned around and walked past the soldiers and through the door. She knew what she was being called for, what the Queen of the Dark Elves required, and she hated it. Hated it with every cell in her body – the body that was designed even before her birth to be a monster. She was used to the looks and the whispers as she walked down the hall. The girl refused to honor any of them with a look.

"There she is, our little Executioner." Hearing the rasping croak of her mother's chief military advisor, her full lips tightened. She loathed General Gorum- tall with a vicious hooked nose and extensive facial scarring. He looked more like a vulture, feeding on carrion- looking for another bite of dead flesh. The girl passed without a glance. He wasn't important. She would do the terrible thing her mother would compel her to do, and if she was fortunate, she would be allowed to go back to her cell to stare at the moon again.

"You've kept me waiting..." her mother snarled, sitting tall and impossibly beautiful on the carved obsidian stone throne. The girl didn't apologize, but she bowed low enough to touch her mother's feet, standing again gracefully.

"What would you have me do, my queen?" The girl's voice was low as if hoping not to be heard.    

Three men were dragged before her, already beaten and bloody from several rounds with her mother's interrogators. The prisoners recognized her right away and began shrieking and pleading for mercy.
"One lies," Queen Alfhild, Her Majesty of Niflheim drawled. "The other two speak the truth. Tell me which is which, find my traitor."
The girl's eyes turned on them, a lavender shade. Unusual, compelling eyes, but for anyone in the Black Court, seeing her gaze turn to them was the most terrible thing that could happen. Because that meant that the victim’s brain was about to be shredded into a thousand shrieking pieces, and their body along with it.

The slim white form walked down the granite steps, heading for the first man. He immediately began to shake, blood pouring from his nose and eventually, his eyes. The girl stepped back and shook her head. "He is not the one," she said, moving to the second man. He wailed and began flailing, fighting against the chains until the guards cruelly yanked his head back with a grip on his hair. His watery blue eyes were terrified as they were forced to meet hers. The prisoner could feel it already: black roots creeping through his mind, searing through his nerve endings. Greedy taloned fingers plunged in and pulling apart his memories, his thoughts, and fears- finding the treats they wanted and plucking them from his head. The pain was unspeakable, and he could feel the very structure of his sanity torn apart. 
 
Suddenly, it seemed they were standing alone in that huge black room, she and he. "Why did you take it?" she asked sorrowfully. "What could have compelled you to defy the queen's rule?" He could only continue to shake his head, screaming louder and louder until he collapsed to the floor in a boneless heap. The girl stepped back and looked at her mother again. "Majesty, he is the one."
 
The woman leaned forward on her throne eagerly- her black eyes sparkling and ruby lips stretched into a savage grin. "Finish it here," Queen Alfhild purred. The girl's body was still, but there was a slight tremble to her mouth as she turned to do as her mother required. The traitor's body rose in the air, higher and higher, suspended over the greedy gaze of the Black Court. The 
Dökkálfar
 loved this sort of entertainment, watching the agony and suffering, hoping it would be prolonged for as long as possible. The unfortunate star of their little play of death began to spin, screams torn from his throat as blood began leaking from every pore in his body, black bile spurting from his mouth. Within moments, the body simply exploded, no longer containing enough within him to hold the traitor together. There was laughter and a light round of applause as if the courtiers had just seen a puppet show. No one noticed the girl's little body sway weakly, or if they did, it didn't matter. Trudging back up the steps to the queen, the girl watched as her mother's head tilted back, mouth open and eyes closed as if enjoying an orgasm, which she likely was. Without opening her eyes, Queen Alfhild murmured, "Debrief my advisers on what you've seen. Then you may return to your room." One ebony eye opened to stare at her offspring. "What, child? Nothing to say?" The girl folded her hands in front of her and shook her head, eyes respectfully lowered. But the Unseelie Queen was in the mood for more sport, so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Hiddleston/Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/OFC

freeform: 
Dom Tom
Dom/sub
Smut
Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Violence
Violence against women
Kidnapping
Slavery
breath play
Light Bondage
BDSM
Dom Loki
Dark Ass Loki
Psychic
Executioner - Freeform
Truth and Lies
funishment
Battle
Treachery
Clairvoyant
The Black Court
Dark Elves
Light Elves
Asgard
King Loki
Dubious Consent
Forced Orgasm
Bondage
Loss of Virginity
Pregnancy Kink
Forced Pregnancy
Post-Avengers Asgard
Spanking
Fae & Fairies
Eloping
Wings
Voice Kink
Anal Sex
Piercings
Semi Public Sex
magic-induced orgasms
Patricide
Matricide
Spying
Betrayal
Flogging

fandom: 
Tom Hiddleston/Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/OFC

