Chapter 1: Friday, August 5th
    




Chapter Text
Tony was holding an internal debate inside his head.What was harder?: (1) reaching out to his son, who didn’t even know he was related to Tony nonetheless his only child, and revealing everything he once knew about his family was a lie, or (2) proposing to Steve and convincing him it was finally time to come out of the closet to the rest of the world.He asked Friday which option was harder, like the answer would somehow make things easier.“Telling Peter the truth may have been hard, but you were rewarded with a lasting relationship in the end,” she rationalized.Which was rational. Jarvis would have probably been a little more sarcastic in the retort but Tony knew if he asked Vision that the android’s reply would be just as rational and would do nothing to distract Tony from his nerves.He’d gone over countless scenarios on how to ask Steve and watched at least 300 surprise proposals on YouTube to psych himself up for it and maybe garner a few ideas. But, in the end, he couldn’t help but wonder if Steve was ready. What if he wasn’t ready to escape the safety of simply being boyfriends?He knew Steve loved him and was already committed to him for life. But getting married meant their relationship would then be public record. There was no escaping the media backlash. Steve hated too much attention. If he had a choice, he’d want to live like an average guy and be able to go down the street without being swarmed by reporters. At the moment, the media left him alone in favor of chasing down more interesting or violent superheroes. Steve liked going to the corner bakery or the supermarket. He was enough of a regular there that the no one bothered him other than the occasional fan that bumped into him and asked for an autograph…but if they came out, Steve wouldn’t be able to do that anymore.And Tony had no way of knowing how long the media would drag out their obsession of their relationship. If they became the “It” couple then they could be in the spotlight for years.All of this worry was what led to Tony debating whether his past dilemma with Peter or his current dilemma with Steve was harder because he liked distractions that made him contemplate and put off things for a really, really long time.It only took him 19 years to reach out to Peter. He’d probably propose to Steve in half the time. So 9.5 years. Reasonable. Though not a round, even number. So he better make that ten years.The lab door opened and Tony eagerly spun around, desperate to escape his musings.Peter stepped in, wearing the boring Stark Science Division Intern lab coat and the round glasses that made his eyes look twice as big. Peter smiled at Tony and greeted, “Hi, Dad!”Tony grinned and all of his anxieties seemed to melt away. Peter came to the Tower a few times a week as an intern for his company. He was amazing at it, a genius like his father obviously, but they also used it as a front so it wouldn’t seem odd for Peter to be in the building so much.Only the Avengers, Pepper, Happy, and May Parker knew about his connection with Peter. To the rest of the world, they were only connected by the Avengers’ Tower. No one knew Peter was his son.It was bittersweet. On the one hand, Peter had so much more freedom awarded to him without the connection. But, on the other, Tony couldn’t gush about his son and it was extremely smothering for a man who was so open about himself with everyone.But he gladly keep the pretense up if it meant his son was happy and, when Peter smiled at him, all of his worries disappeared. He stopped his pacing and said, “Hey, Pete.”Peter crooked an eyebrow at him and murmured, “What’d you do?”“Nothing,” Tony moaned. They’d only known each other less than two years but his son already knew him too well. Peter knew something was bothering him. He explained, “It’s something I haven’t done just yet…”Tony tossed Peter the ring case and his son caught it. He looked at what he caught and his eyes widened. He quickly opened it and gasped, “Woah…How are you going to do it?”“First, I’ll go back to pacing,” Tony replied and went back to the said activity. “And then your guess is as good as mine.”“You’ve got to be kidding me! I can’t believe you don’t have an elaborate proposal planned out already!” Peter countered.“The proposal isn’t what is freaking me out,” Tony countered. “I am worried about what marrying me will do to Steve.”“Make him extremely happy?” Peter countered.“Marrying me will change how everyone perceives him…and take away what little privacy he has left…”Tony was the face of the Avengers. He was the one the media went to with questions or scandals. Steve would probably be dragged into it through their tie of marriage…No more walking down the street. No more corner bakery. No more supermarket trips.“Maybe you should ask him how he feels about it?” Peter countered, “He’s done press junkits before and is used to dealing with the paparazzi. It might get worse but I think he coul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superfamily (Marvel)
Coming Out
Marriage Proposal
Family Issues
Surprise Ceremony
Bad Flirting
Identity Reveal
Paparazzi
Public Reaction
First Dates
Deadpool reads too much Fanfiction
First Kiss
Alternate Universe
Protective Parents
Science
Dubious Science
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Family Drama
Parent-Child Relationship
Aunt May Is Awesome
First Time
Sexual Content
Possessive Venom
Violence
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Fluff and Angst
Birthday Fluff
With A Twist
Venom doesn’t go down without a fight
Near Death Experiences
Family Fluff
Family Dynamics
One Big Happy Family
And they all Lived Fluffy-Ever After

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

