Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Hey Em! I know we said we’d get drinks on the 4th but the 22nd suits me better. Stuck doing work stuff until then. Miss your face (: x”
 Her thumb hovered over the send button, heart hammering in her chest. She triple checked the wording, ensuring that the code that Agent 19 had drilled into her was accurate. She took a deep breath and tapped the button. A single tick appeared next to the message. It was rather anticlimactic. Darcy wasn’t sure if she was expecting her former SHIELD buddy to suddenly rappel down the side of the London block of flats and burst through to her rescue, or if she’d just spent too much time working up the courage to send the request for evac.Ever since Thor had returned to take his lady love off to the safety of Asgard ten days ago, leaving Darcy alone, she had catalogued the increase in surveillance activity on the flat. She rolled her shoulders back, tipping her head from side to side as she loosened the muscles in her neck. Stooping to put her Stark Phone back on to its constant charge. She flicked her eyes to the side, out of the window, to count the undercover goons on the street below. Six. Agent 19 had said that goons were like vermin. For each one you can see, there’s at least three more you can’t. She supressed a shiver and laid her phone back on the cheap pine side table next to the sofa.The flat was fairly small, on a quiet street in North London. Once it had been declared that Jane’s theories weren’t as cracked-out as was once assumed by the academic community at large, they had been on a world tour of sorts. Universities and research labs across the world had clamoured for Jane’s unique insight on the Einstein-Rosen Bridges, and where Jane went, so did Darcy and her Intern.Darcy had always been the loyal type. Once she had decided that you were one of her people, she would put her everything into the friendship. She was a ride or die kind of gal. Shallow attachments just weren’t her style. If you earned her affection, you had it. All of it. Regardless of if you proved yourself worthy of it. She was not Mjolnir. She wasn’t able to discern between those who were worthy and those who most definitely were not. She had the scars to prove it.Darcy moved into the kitchen, reaching on top of the fridge to pull down a cleaning cloth and some cleanser. She busied herself pretending to clean every surface, casually checking all of her home-made booby traps. (They were a little bit Home Alone-esque but had proved to be effective so far.) Since the accords had been ratified, the world had become a more dangerous place for people like her and Jane. Those associated with the Avengers, as loosely as she was, were targets for all sorts of whack jobs. She had written a fairly simple programme to filter the crazy out of their inbox, but every now and again they would receive death threats and the like from pro-accord extremist. But it wasn’t just the crazies that they had to watch out for, it was the alphabet agencies too.As the public sentiment grew more fearful and nasty towards the supers and inhumans, the invites to go science in shiny labs and facilities had dwindled in number. Soon, Jane was forced to accept the temporary teaching position she’d been offered at a London university and they’d settled back to a more sedentary life. No more whirlwind tours, drinks receptions in historic buildings or sciencing on every continent.Not that Darcy really did much sciencing. She kept Jane’s itinerary organised and made sure that she ate and slept regularly. But now that Jane had been largely accepted by the scientific community, it was no longer them against the world. Jane had had peers to discuss her theories with. Peers who listened with equal amounts amazement and understanding. Darcy had faded into the background, content to just be there, tagging along for the ride.Happy that her fortress of solitude was secure, she tidied away her cleaning supplies and started to think about dinner. The sun was starting to fade and one by one, the street lights began to flicker into life. The goons would be swapping out with the night shift shortly. Non-descript sedans, pulling away, only to be replaced by identical vehicles containing new goons, moments later. She preferred to describe them as goons in her head rather than Agents. Since the fall of SHIELD, Hydra, Real SHIELD, SHIELD Lite, etc, etc, she had no idea who the numerous people watching and waiting were, or who they were affiliated with and she knew now from bitter experience and severe consequence, that she could not trust appearances. So she did what she had been told to do if the shit hit the fan. The second the attack at the UN building in Vienna had occurred, Darcy and Jane had gone into lockdown.Darcy felt a vicious tightening in her stomach as she thought back to her tear soaked goodbyes to Jane and Thor. Thor had arrived with his usual flash and bang show, on the roof of their building. He hadn’t had m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Bobbi Morse & Darcy Lewis
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Darcy Lewis & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Suuuuuuper slow burn
Road Trips
On the Run
BAMF Darcy Lewis
BAMF Natasha Romanov
BAMF Clint Barton
spysassins
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Darcy Lewis Needs a Hug
Tags will be added as we go
Darcy has issues
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Rating May Change
Darcy has a potty mouth and so do I
Lance Hunter is a Hufflepuff
Canon-Typical Violence
Torture
Psychological Torture
Sexual Assault
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Darcyland
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Bobbi Morse & Darcy Lewis
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Darcy Lewis & Skye | Daisy Johnson

