Chapter 1: Пять | 1946
    




Chapter Text
Sergeant Barnes had used the words “God-forsaken” plenty of times before the fall but it was Russia that taught him what they meant.There were no windows to tell the days by, no sun to count the hours. He’d long since given up on keeping track of his breaths – turns out he can’t count that high. At least, not with his one intact arm chained over his head and his feet struggling to balance on the edges of a bucket. He’d given up on listing off name, rank, serial , on screaming, on quiet sobbing. How long would it take for his balance to fail and his shoulder to finish sliding out of its socket?Did it really matter anymore how long it took?He didn’t bother praying that he’d hold out a few days at least, but he hoped for it pretty hard which was almost the same. Only difference was he’d stopped expecting someone to listen. He didn’t have a whole lot of pride left but he clung to it like it was the only thing keeping him sane in this frozen Hell. Maybe it was. So when the Russians finally came to take him down he did his level best not to cry like a goddamn baby and curl up in an aching ball at their feet. He’d compromise for wet gasps and wobbling on his knees.These stress-position marathons were all the same in one regard, even if their creativity and cruelty always managed to surprise Barnes: no food, no water, no sleep. His throat was fire from the wet-scabbed cracks in his lips to the desert of his mouth, right down to the angry, empty cramps of his gut. They didn’t want him dead, he was sure of it, so they’d have to give him water soon or risk losing their plaything.It was the first word out of his mouth. His head was already pounding so hard from dehydration he almost didn’t feel one of the soldiers – agents – whatever – backhand him, even as the blow bowled him over.“Русский язык,” the soldier demanded, sneering.Barnes licked dry lips with a dry tongue. “Вода?” he tried.Amazing how quickly you could pick up scraps of a new language when you had to.But then the soldier shoved him back down with a booted foot and asked, «Why?»“Are you fucking kidding me?”He wasn’t. Barnes got kicked in the ribs for his trouble.Fine then. He played along, clumsy as he was with the foreign tongue. «If no water I die soon.»The first soldier gestured to the others, and one stepped forward and seized him by the hair to pull his head up and back. The third produced a canteen and splashed stale, rust-flavoured liquid down onto him. It was barely a mouthful. Relatively speaking, it was ambrosia.Something about it set off alarm bells in Barnes’ head to the tune of “That’s gonna make you sick.” Well, better that than dead. All he could really think of at the moment was the need for more. He leaned against the grip on his hair, pushing his face towards the canteen that was already being drawn away.They snickered at his desperation. «You want more?»Barnes tried to nod, but the soldier’s grip tightened, making his head throb all the worse. A groan bubbled out of his mouth from sheer nauseating pain, but he managed, “Да.”The soldiers exchanged a look. «We make deal,» the first one said, or at least that was what Barnes caught of it. «You want more than we give you, you pay. Much water is luxury. For luxury, you pay.»Barnes tried to swallow. There were those alarms again. This was a trap, one of their tricks. The first soldier reached for his belt and there it was, the thing he’d been praying they wouldn’t do all these months, the buckle opened and they were going to–He jerked against the other soldier’s grip, grappled weakly at the wrist holding him in place, and lashed out with a foot. His kick missed but his point got across. «Fuck you, no, no deal! Fuck your water!»«Too bad,» the Russian smirked. A gloved finger ran along his lips. «You will change your mind.»Fuck that. He bit that finger. The next thing he knew someone was grabbing the stump of his left arm and squeezing, and he heard himself scream and scream until the pain made everything go dark. # After blacking out they finally let him sleep where he fell. Barnes woke to inflamed muscles, a howling stomach, and a pounding headache. The thump of boots approaching his cell made him jolt upright. He started shivering violently – an ingrained response after God only knew how much time at the Red Room’s tender mercy.The same three agents stepped into his cell. He wasn’t sure how he knew, given these goddamn eastern Hydra goons all wore masks like their German counterparts, but he knew even before one of them grabbed him by the hair. «Ready to make a deal, little one? Sell your pretty mouth?»“Get fucked,” Barnes groaned. «No deal. No sale.»«Your loss.» They flicked out clubs and fell on him till the world went black again. # The ache in his head made it hard to see. The headache throbbed in his eyes. His hands shook.The soldiers returned.«The water is good today,» their leader plied. «Cold and sweet.»They passed a canteen among themselves 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Abandon all hope ye who enter here
Dehumanization
Objectification
not quite happy ending
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Rape Aftermath
Rape/Non-con Elements
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
mentions of object insertion
Forced Prostitution
Forced Feminization
Painful Sex
Cock & Ball Torture
Rumlow's Fragile Masculinity
Brainwashing
Imprisonment
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Red Room
Shower Sex
Unsafe Sex
Come Marking
Facials
Water Deprivation
Bad Sex
Under-negotiated Kink
(read: completely un-negotiated kink)
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Spitroasting
Verbal Abuse
Verbal Humiliation
Slurs
Homophobia
Homophobic Language
Internalized Homophobia
Misogyny
Explicit Language
Sexism
Past Relationship(s)
Angst
Whump
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Sadism
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Non-Consensual Violence
Sexual Coercion
Come Swallowing
Spit As Lube
No Lube
Everything Hurts
Code Switching
Hair-pulling
I think that's everything LET THE MISERY BEGIN

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

