Chapter 1: Lost and Found
    




Chapter Text


  
Eighteen years ago
 When Steve was eleven years old, his mom had taken him on a boat ride off Catalina Island, on the Californian coast. It'd been kind of a present because Steve had missed so much school, being a sickly, frail kid growing up. He was doing better, he just wasn't all the way there yet.Steve had hung out at the bough of the small ferry, avoiding other holiday-goers and sketching the small islands on the horizon as they passed. His mom was chatting to another single parent, so she let Steve be.Too long under the sun had made him feel light headed, but just as he was about to seek the shade, he saw a flash and a shadow in the water underneath him. Maybe it was a dolphin; there'd been sightings of them earlier off in the distance. Steve leaned between the railings to peer down... and that's when he fainted. He tumbled overboard, sketchbook too, with a small sploosh.Steve wasn't sure that what happened next wasn't simply a delirious dream, a hallucination. All Steve remembered, vividly, was coming to with a pair of warm lips on his, and strong arms holding him. Steve opened his eyes, instinctively went to push at whoever was kissing him –and even in his panic, Steve knew it was a boy, and how that sent a thrill through him– but the boy hung on, holding Steve still. He was impossibly strong, Steve realised, so there was no point struggling.Steve stilled, blinked in the water as the bubbles cleared. He saw was another face up close, and felt smooth skin touching his as air was blown steadily into his mouth. Steve blinked again.The boy was giving him air, Steve realised. Then the boy pulled back to look at Steve, shoulder length brown hair lifting and floating with the current. Steve held his breath, tried not to breathe in with shock; this boy was beautiful. Pale, iridescent skin, dark brown hair, a perfect face with plump pink lips, and blue-grey eyes that shone at him.The boy smiled. He was still holding Steve, holding them underwater like the current wasn't pulling at all, and they simply floated. Steve felt anchored, safe. The boy moved one hand up to Steve's face, gently touched his fingers to Steve's cheek, then traced the line of his jaw. His eyes followed the movement, studying Steve's face, before looking back up and smiling again.Steve had never felt so very seen by another person. It made him shiver, his hands gripped tight to the boy's very strong and defined arms. He was perfect, clearly athletic, and maybe older. The most beautiful person Steve had ever seen.Some perfect fantasy created by Steve's oxygen starved brain, his therapists would later dismiss. Steve couldn't remember much more than that anyway, not for certain. He was sure that the boy kissed him again, passing air through his mouth and into Steve's weak lungs.Steve wasn't sure how it happened but he was moved through the water, back toward the boat and the drop down steel ladder that was attached to its side. Steve found himself breaking the surface, sucking in sweet fresh air, his arms already looped around the ladder's rungs. The boy pulled away, and even in his delirious state Steve knew he wouldn't see him again.The shadow of a large tail was all Steve saw, and he hoped it was a dolphin, not something else chasing the boy. Someone on deck noticed Steve clinging to the ladder, and called for help.They fished Steve up into the boat, gave him an oxygen mask. “Did you see him?” Steve gasped at his mother between breaths.“Who, Steve?” she sobbed with relief, wiping her eyes.“The boy in the water...” Steve tried to explain. Maybe the boy was a diver? Maybe he was lost?His mom alerted the crew and they put out a search, even called in the Coastguard with scuba divers, but no other boy was found that day. They said it must've been a hallucination, and even though Steve was at first so sure, as the years passed by he figured maybe they were right after all.There was no mysterious boy in the water who had saved his life. ~ ~ ~ 
Present day
 “Steve,” Sam said, “we got trouble coming.”Steve lowered his binoculars and looked across the rescue boat to his friend and colleague, Sam Wilson.Sam was looking into his binoculars calmly, the corner of his lips inching into a smile.“Don't tell me Stark's here,” Steve replied, going back to search the horizon.“Yup,” Sam said. “Yacht just came into view.”“His timing is terrible,” Steve muttered, mostly to himself.Sam started laughing. “Steve, man. If you don't want to go to the guy's incredible party on his luxury yacht, all you gotta do is say.”“Natasha wants me to go,” Steve said. “She's determined for me to have what she considers a normal social life. Like yacht parties are normal.”“They are for Malibu.” Sam shook his head. “Maybe you shouldn't write it off before you've even been. You never know, you may even have some fun.”“It's not that, Sam. Stark's offshore parties are notorious, none of the guards will resist, and they'll all have 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Lifeguards
Beaches
Beach Volleyball
Baywatch AU
Mermaids au
Merman Bucky
Splash! au
Lifeguard Steve
Avengers as Lifeguards
Ocean
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Shameless Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Frenemies Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Protective Bucky Barnes
Love at First Sight
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Past Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Language Barrier
Mute Bucky Barnes
Nonverbal Communication
Learning to Human
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Treasure Hunting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

