Chapter 1: The Revelation
    




Chapter Text
The Tesseract had been stopped, Tony had managed to dispose of the nuke and make it out in time, the portal closing behind him. The battle was over and they had won. It should be a time of joy, but looking around at the devastation Thor felt weary. Since coming to Midgard he hadn't had as much as a moment of rest. Between battles, fighting with the people who were supposed to be his allies and worrying about his brother there had not been any time to relax.
Thinking about Loki only made his frown deepen. A highly unpleasant task waited now. He would have to face his brother and make certain that Loki was punished for his actions. Despite what had happened between them Thor still loved his brother and facing the hateful creature he had become was hardly something he looked forward to.
Together with the other members of the Avengers initiative he made his way to the top floor of Stark Tower where his brother had last been spotted, getting beaten by the Hulk. When they entered Loki was trying to crawl to his feet, using the low set of stairs that ran through the room as support. His breathing was laboured, his robes and armour were dust covered, his usually slicked-back hair was in disarray and a he had smudges of blood and bruises on his face. He looked like what he was; defeated.
Loki turned his face and noticed the six people standing over him, their expressions hard and their weapons raised. He gave a small, sardonic grin looking at Iron Man.
"I'll take that drink now, if it's all the same to you," he said, acknowledging that he had lost.
He was met by steely silence. They did not lower their weapons; not trusting the infamous trickster to not have another card up his sleeve, no matter how defeated he may appear. And one more card up his sleeve was exactly what he had. The image of Loki on the floor flickered and disappeared as if it had never been there.
"You will always fall for that no matter how many times I do it, won't you?" Loki's dry comment came from behind them.
Thor whirled around, Mjolnir raised, seeing his brother standing at the balcony. He looked just as haggard as the illusion, but he was smiling a bit wistfully at them. It was strange, if he had been able to sneak past them why would he call attention to himself?
"I understand that you have to bring me in, what I have done here today..." he trailed off. "But I can't allow you to do so." With that the self exiled Asgardian turned to run.
"Oh no, you don't," Tony muttered, jumping into the air, taking off after the fleeing Asgardian and the rest of them were quick to follow. The Hulk got to Loki first, grabbing him in his hand, holding him tight and making ready to take out the puny god once more, looking forward to squishing him into pulp.
"Thor!" Loki cried in a shrill tone, pleading for help, and before the Hulk could harm him further the God of Thunder placed a hand on the huge green creature's arm, stopping it from doing anything but growl at the man in his fist.
"You brought this upon yourself brother. You cannot flee from justice. You have lost today. Your army is gone, as is the sceptre and you no longer control the Tesseract. Why would you try to escape?"
"I made a promise," Loki said a in a barely audible voice, "and for all my shortcomings - yes I will admit that they are many," he added as he was given several glares, "I never break a promise unless I can help it. It was what brought me here in the first place."
"What do you speak of? You told me that you wished to rule Midgard as a king! You showed such ambitions long before that and now you speak of a promise? Who was this promise made to and in what purpose?"
Loki swallowed thickly. "Harry," was all he said.
"Who is this Harry you speak of?"
"I do not wish to speak about it, least of all with you." He managed to give a harsh sneer, despite the position he was in.
"Yeah that's great," Tony said dryly not impressed in the least. "However we don't much care about what you've promised anyone. You're not getting away, so I suppose you'll have to break your word. We beat you good. Admit to it."
Loki stared at Tony for a long moment, before he visibly deflated, hanging limply in the Hulk's hand. "Alright Mr. Stark, I yield."
"No more tricks?" asked Natasha, keeping the gun she had in the hand which wasn't holding the sceptre pointed at the dark-haired demigod.
"No more tricks."
"We'll see about that," Clint muttered, not about to trust the Asgardian. He, if any of the assembled heroes, hated the dark-haired god. He would never forgive Loki for what he had forced him to do, for how he had invaded his mind.
Loki smirked. "You really do have heart."
Clint scowled and tensed his bow a bit farther.
"And a sharp mind as well," Loki continued. "I promise that there will be no more tricks from me… today." He said this with empathise on today after a brief pause, not earning any trust. The trickster might have been smirking but then he cowered as
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Crossover
Crossover Pairings

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

