Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 

He opened his eyes, inhaled enough air to fill his suddenly aching empty lungs and then felt the breath leave just as quickly in a startled gasp when he saw the Blue. It had been so long. He had loved the Blue once with everything he was.

He was outside when a breath ago he had been at his office. He knew he was standing upright when a breath ago he had been seated. He could feel the pressure on his legs. The ground felt steady beneath his booted feet and as he swiftly glanced down he saw sand. Blue Sand. Blue Sky. Always Blue, always beautiful, always breathtaking.

The blue sky was growing darker as if it was dusk when a breath ago it was lunchtime. Blue Moon hanging in the Blue Sky so huge he need only stretch out his arm to touch it when a breath ago shimmering golden sunlight had leaked through his office window blinds with stubborn determination. 

He measured this place in breaths. Long ago in a different lifetime his Papa had taught him how to deal with the overwhelming sense of awe the Blue inspired. “One breath at a time my Janek, one breath in, one breath out”. It was a sweet memory, a good one.
One that could bring peace if only it was remembered. But Janek Stilinski the young guide who had adored the Blue had been forgotten for a very long time. 

John was in charge now and he didn't speak to Janek anymore.


The Sheriff of Beacon Hills stared in open mouthed astonishment at his surroundings. Literally a second ago he had been sitting at his desk eating his inescapably healthy homemade lunch courtesy of his uber health zealot of an only child and now he was in a desert?
A goddamn blue desert with an enormous full moon shining down at him. What the actual hell? 
It didn’t take the Sheriff long to understand where he was. Stiles didn’t just get his smarts from his Mom, in fact when it came to leaps of logical intuition then the kid definitely took after his old man. He hadn’t been elected Sheriff because he looked pretty in that damn uniform. (No one looked pretty in that damn uniform. If he had the budget they would all have been wearing leathers years ago. But he couldn’t convince the Mayor of that!) As County Sheriff, he had the best clear up and reduced crime rates for the last twenty years. 
When the realisation came rage and grief flooded his body as if it was happening all over again. As if he was losing her again and there was not a damn thing he could do about.  
The surroundings might look different this time but there was no doubt what it actually was. The Spirit Plain. He was in the Spirit Plain after swearing on his young son’s life that he would never come back again. 
The last time he had been dragged to the place, and his heart hurt even thinking about it, it had been the usual default blue jungle shit. The very one he had visited with his parents when he was a kid learning about his guide gifts at his Papa's knee. Not big Sentinel and Guide Council fans his parents. Too many bad memories of guide discrimination and Sentinel smug acquiescence from the old country to let them trust easily. 
“Build your shields high Janek, only allow your Sentinel free passage through them. No one else must know about your gifts little one. Strong as the walls of Jericho Janek, which only fell to Joshua and his trumpet”. Your Sentinel will be your Joshua little one" His Babcia would whisper in his ear every morning before school and every evening before bed.

No, he had meant his vow that he wouldn’t come back to this benighted place. Since that last agonising involuntary pull when he had finally lost her. God damn it. Why could he never catch his breath in this hellhole? He bent over for a second, hands on his knees, trying to calm down. 

“One breath in Janek, One breath out." His Papa's voice soothed as he guided.

The last time he had been drawn into this place, it was by Claudia’s sheer stubborn need to say goodbye. His Claudia. His shining star and his nemesis when she wanted to be. Jesus no wonder Stiles was like a damn terrier when he got his teeth into something. He got the stubborn gene from both his Momma and his Dad. Claudia had been a latent Sentinel who had never come online. Then that evil illness had taken away any chance that she would. 
John hadn’t been at her bedside when her frail body had passed. But their baby boy had sat with her, his wide amber eyes locked onto hers as that body had simply stopped. And that was something he would regret with every fibre of his being until his dying day, the fact that their eight year old child sat there by himself and watched his Momma leave him. 
But John had been with her when she had died. Deputy Stilinski had been coming off shift to go to his wife and child in the hospital when he had come across a road traffic accident. He had been sitting in the damp road holding the hand of the badly hurt young teenage girl whose car had been hit by a drunk driver, when he had been yanked to the spirit plane and there in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Sheriff Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Jim Ellison/Blair Sandburg

freeform: 
Little Black Dress 2016
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Swearing
Canon-Typical Violence
Not Canon Compliant
Adult conversation.

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Sheriff Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Jim Ellison/Blair Sandburg

