Work Text:
After all these years Tony knew how these things went. Someone pointed a gun to your head; there would be shouting and demands; there would in fact be threats to your life if you didn't comply with whatever annoying and impossible thing it was that your captors were asking of you this time. He knew the drill, knew that it was either about money or about what he could do. The worst case scenario said it was about something he had done.He was Tony Stark. And he was well aware that this meant he had enemies, enviers and sometimes the wrong kind of admirers.Considering all that, the oversized and advanced pulse-gun pointed at him was really not all that shocking. It was the situation that made his blood boil. Iron Man could have blow his way out of this in seconds. Tony Stark was stuck.“Don't worry, Tony,” a voice whispered from beside him, pulling him back from his thoughts and back to the problem at hand. “I'm not going to let anything happen to you. You'll be safe with me.”It was Steve standing beside him, and speaking calmly, but when Tony met his eyes he realized he already had that particular determined look on his face. Tony had seen that look more than a few times – not as Tony, but as Iron Man – and knew it meant that Cap was already formulating a plan, ready to execute it whenever he'd get the chance. When he caught Tony staring, he focused on him briefly and his lips formed a reassuring smile. “I would never live it down if something happened to you on my watch,” Steve said in a low whisper. “Not while Iron Man is stuck working on your subspace satellite. Question of honor. He would never let me live this down.”“Oh,” Tony said, stupidly, only now remembering the flimsy excuse he'd given Cap for his own absence as Iron Man this morning, when Steve had asked him to spend some time together this afternoon, because he had something to ask him. “Thanks, Cap.”Across the Stark International conference room his briefcase was still standing exactly where he’d initially left it beside his desk, sometime before AIM had stormed in and herded him and his guest to the side. He was just happy that Mrs. Arbogast hadn’t been around to get hurt and that Pepper and Happy had the day off to go on a well earned date. The last thing this situation needed was more hostages. These idiots already had two Avengers at gun point.“What about him?” asked the goon standing closest to them, face conveniently hidden by his yellow beekeeper suit, and aiming another big red weapon at the both of them. He was talking about Steve, of course, who had placed himself protectively between Tony and the weapon immediately, to shield Tony with his own body.Tony wanted to pull him back and tell him he should stay out of this, but he really didn’t want to draw any more attention to Steve, who was here in casual jeans and t-shirt and had just been passing by to thank Tony for repairing the Avenger’s rec room while being so busy. He wasn't supposed to be here at all, getting drawn into one of Tony's messes. As usual, AIM had the worst possible timing.“He’s not…” Tony started.But Steve was faster: “I’m Mr. Stark’s bodyguard for the day.”Beekeeper One laughed loudly, a merry full body laugh. “Our lucky day then. We were expecting some more red and gold bodyguard to make trouble for us.”And instead they get both Iron Man and Captain America in their civilian identities. Great. What a day. At least they don't know they've cracked the jackpot. Tony just hoped that Steve wouldn’t do anything before he had time to get to his armor and get Tony Stark out of the way and the armored Avenger back in play. Steve didn’t even have his shield with him, for god's sake!“Take him along,” the beekeeper in charge growled and pushed Steve with his gun. Tony balled his hands into fists and tried to remain calm. “We don’t want anyone to alert the superhero before we get away and we don't want to leave too much of a mess for him to find either. Better not leave any traces behind.”Great. It looked like it would be one of the days when someone held a weapon to his face, made demands and kidnapped him. He wanted to groan at the stupidity of it all.Steve looked at him calmly, as if he wanted to convey that there was no reason to worry about anything. He was a solid wall of calm and under different circumstances Tony would have found his concern for his safety and state of mind, his typical Captain America behavior, more than a little touching and endearing. But now he just couldn't shake the uneasy feeling that all of this would have been easier if Steve hadn't been here but back at the mansion - safe or at least in a whole different kind of danger with the Avengers. Now he was here where Iron Man could only appear when nobody was watching Tony. And everyone was watching Tony.He swallowed and pointedly didn’t look towards the briefcase that contained his armor, but his sweaty palms twitched. God damn it, he wanted his hand on the armor and then teach these goons a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Kidnapping
Escape
Secret Crush
Identity Reveal
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark
Eventual Romance
Kissing
Getting Together
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

