Work Text:
 It never used to be much of a contest between them.  Bucky had four inches and about fifty pounds on Steve by the time they both stopped growing—more than enough to put him down and keep him there any time he wanted.  More than enough to put him in his place, to bloody him up until he got it through his head that not everything could be fixed with plucky nerve and a can-do spirit.  Until that ever-present light went out of his eyes, until he stopped being so fucking goddamned perfect.  He never did.  Of course he didn’t, no matter how many times his fingers itched for it.  Steve was all he had; they were both of them all that the other had in all the world, and he couldn’t … not to him.  Not to Steve, however good it might feel.Then the war.  The war, and Zola’s lab, and Erskine’s formula, and just like that everything was changed.  Tiny, fragile Steve had disappeared between one breath and the next, replaced by a man that only a behemoth or a madman might consider an easy mark.  Muscle and skill and endless physical strength to back up the spirit that had always been there, that still shone out of his eyes in that gentle, godforsaken light.  No longer someone who needed Bucky’s feeble protection, that last barrier blown away by whatever witchcraft Stark had worked on him; and when Bucky fell from the train, down and down to a deep and messy end, there was a part of him that was glad it happened before the roiling darkness in him burst free.  His life for Steve’s safety, and wasn’t that how it was always meant to be?Except that isn’t how it happened at all.  Years of hell and heaven both, of giving the darkness in himself free reign as he had never dared before, feeling the freedom of it straining against the bonds that held him.  Cruelty given form, given purpose, and it’s almost enough.  Almost, until he wakes again, new papers, new orders, take him out, beat him bloody.  And something in him rouses, rises up, that old familiar darkness given new life and growing greater than anything he’s ever known, while something else struggles feebly to hold it back, gaining strength from the shape of a jaw and the light in lost blue eyes and a voice saying, “Bucky, Bucky please, please remember.”He remembers.  Everything, eventually, and Steve is understanding.  All of them, they’re all so understanding, even when they still don’t trust him.  He takes comfort in Natasha, who watches him with empathy but no compassion, whose own darkness always complemented his.  There’s no nagging worry, with her, no paralyzing fear of realization and disappointment.  Disgust.  She knows what he is as well as she knows herself; which is to say, not as well as she might like, but better than might be expected under the circumstances.Steve … Steve watches him through careful eyes, eases his way but doesn’t push, refuses to let Bucky retreat into himself, into the friendly anonymity that New York has always offered.  He’s perfect—perfectly formed both in body and in spirit now, and willing to help Bucky with anything he needs.  An apartment, a wardrobe, the guarded trust of the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents who authorized his retrieval.  He finds the best burger joint in town for them to visit; he takes him to a grotty little restaurant for the borscht Bucky’s always loved, and sits there making disgusted faces at him the entire time.  Gets them tickets to a baseball game.But what Bucky needs—what he’s always needed—is what he has now: Steve pinned against the kitchen wall of the tiny kitchen in Bucky’s bachelor apartment, eyes going wide as Bucky’s hand tightens around his throat.  His arm is stronger now than he ever could’ve imagined when they were kids, the first time he thought about how delicate the bones of Steve’s throat would feel with his fingers wrapped around it.  (It’s better than his last one, beautifully fluid and so responsive it nearly feels real.  Steve had almost socked Tony in the jaw for his questions, for the way he’d poked and prodded in a thoughtless way that Steve would never understand, even when the end result is the work of art he’s wearing now.  Steve had nearly hit him, and they’d all three of them known it, and the memory only makes Bucky squeeze harder.)“Finally.”  Steve’s voice is the barest rasp, choked out past the crushing pressure that Bucky is putting against his windpipe.  “I was starting to think I wasn’t good enough for you.”“I—”  Bucky stares at his hand; tries to relax his grip, but he can’t work up the will to let go.  “You’re so fucking … why the hell wouldn’t you just stay away?”“You need me.  This.”  His chest is rising and fall in short, shallow breaths.  It’s all he can manage at the moment.  “It’s okay.”“No.”  Despite his intent, Bucky finds himself crowding in closer, close enough to feel those weak breaths against his face.  “Whatever they did to me—”“Doesn’t have anything to do with this.  You think I was blind?  I know you better than anyone, and I haven’t turned away yet.”  Steve’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rough Sex
S&M
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Mildly Dubious Consent
Bloodplay
Choking
Bottom Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

