Work Text:
(part i)
Bucky could set his clock by him.  Every Saturday and Sunday at 7:30 am, a bearded man wearing a shirt two sizes too small jogs past his front window.  The man runs faster than anyone should be able to run without looking winded.
If Bucky doesn’t have to work, he gets up somewhere between 7:00 and 7:20 am, brushes his teeth, stumbles downstairs, hits the button on his coffee pot, and at 7:28 pulls back his living room curtains from where he’s closed them the night before.  He waits, cradling a cup of hot coffee between his palms.  
If he does have to go into work on the weekend, he’s out of bed at 7:00 and straight into the shower after brushing his teeth.  But he still waits at the window at 7:28, stupidly tense with a flutter of expectation until the jogger comes into sight at 7:30.  
As soon as Bucky sees him, something in him relaxes.  He can drink his coffee, get dressed, and get on with the day.
+++
Today’s one of the weekend days he’s supposed to be working.  He’s going to be late if he doesn’t get his ass moving.  
When he gets to the shop, Mr. Sottosanti hands him a small piece of flimsy carbon paper.  The chickenscratch on it says something about Mrs. McNearney’s washing machine.  “She asked for you,” Mr. Sottosanti tells him.  “Go on.”
Bucky scratches the back of his head.  “She does know I’m not a plumber, right?”  
His boss shrugs.
“And that in fact I work at ‘Sottosanti’s Car Repair Shop?’”
“Don’t pretend you don’t like her fresh-baked crumb cake.”  Jake come in from the garage, wiping smears of oil off his hands on a dirty rag.  “Next best thing to my Angie’s strawberry pie this side of the Mississippi.”  
Mr Sottosanti looks up.  “Son, go make an old woman happy.  Word’s gotten round this town that you can fix just about any bit of machinery built before everything had a computer in it.  She hasn’t replaced that machine since the mid-70s when her husband up and died on her, and she’s not about to now.”  
Jake leans on the counter.  “Welcome to Havensport,” he says with a smirk.  “You need directions over there?”
Bucky rolls his eyes.  Jake knows full well this will be his third time to Mrs. McNearney’s place in the five months he’s been working at Sottosanti’s.  He grabs a box of tools from the corner and throws Jake the bird on his way out.  
+++
He ends up sitting at her little round kitchen table, eagerly accepting that slice of crumb cake and drinking her black tea politely, plenty of milk, Irish-strong. She won’t let him stop splashing it into his mug until she’s satisfied he’s taken as much as he really wants.  ‘Nonsense,” she tells him.  “I can afford a carton of milk and a strong young man like you needs to keep calcium in his bones.”  She stares him down.  
“Yes, ma’am,” he says, and drinks his tea.    
When he moved to Havensport seven months ago, he bought a gallon of milk at a time.  It was cheaper than buying two half gallons a week, and after years stationed overseas, he still thinks the price of milk is outrageous.  But that was before he realized how many midnight hours he’d be spending at the supermarket, picking up jugs of milk and cartons of eggs and loaves of bread just to explain his constant presence in the store, and really, there’s only so much milk one man can drink before it spoils.  
He stays at Mrs. McNearney’s an hour and a half, bills her for thirty minutes of work, and hangs out working at the shop until 6:30 pm to make up for the lost time.  
+++
He shrugs when Jake claps his shoulder on his way of the car shop.  Mr. Sottosanti smiles and says, “Don’t stay too late.”  
He’s starting to get used to how things work around Havensport, Indiana, population 8,294.  “It’s important to be adaptable,” he tells Maximilian.  Maximilian glances over at him.  “Don’t roll your eyes at me,” Bucky says.  
Earlier this week, he was at the grocery store.  It was 3:30 am.  When he went to pay for his milk, there was a pallet of seedlings in front of the registers.  “Oh yeah,” Cindy told him.  She was flipping through a home and garden magazine on top of her register.  Her brassy blond-streaked hair fell over her face.  “It’s only March.  They’ll stay in here a while longer, and even after we put them out for the sunlight next month, we’ll still move them at night in case we get spring snow. Jerry insists.”  Her smile was tired but kind.  “Why don’t you get a few?  We got basil, mint, rosemary.  Even cilantro.”
Bucky’s recently learned to like cilantro.
“But I’d skip the cilantro, if I were you,” she continued.  “It bolts too easily. You got space in your backyard for a garden.”  
By now, Bucky’s learned not to be startled when people in this town say stuff like that.  Everyone knows his house, the size of the yard, the way the shutters used to be navy blue before they were painted grey, even the way fifteen years ago the basement had flooded along with all the other ones on the eastern half of the block.  Nat had warned him about this type of thing when he dec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hope
Angst
Pining
Slow Build
teashop
imperfect world
Memory
Romance
Therapy Pet
not!coffee shop fic
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

