Work Text:
"The applications are really-" Tony stops to kiss her again. "Mmm, really limitless.""I think it really just has the one application," Pepper tells him."You're not thinking about it the right way," he says. "This very obvious application I have here is one thing, but if we can make these kinds of robots want to explore things, there's no end to what we can do. New bomb disposal technology. Medical diagnostics.""But mostly sex robots," she says."Sex robots keep the lights on," he argues."Sex robots keep Tony happy," she counters.He kisses her. "Sex keeps Tony happy.""I'm not going to argue with that one," she tells him. She steps back, suddenly all business, which is kind of hilarious in light of what they're about to do. "How do you want me?""I don't even have time to begin to answer that question," Tony says, and Pepper rolls her eyes. "Get naked and climb into the reception enclosure."She shrugs out of her robe, giving him a look. "Tony, that's a sex swing.""That is not a sex swing," he says, offended."Just because you lined it with fur doesn't make it not a sex swing," she says. "Now it's just a fuzzy sex swing.""It's not even shaped like a sex swing," he insists. "Now get in."She rolls her eyes, but she does as he says, situating herself in the enclosure- okay, maybe it is a little like a sex swing, given that it's suspended from the ceiling, made mostly of straps, and designed for sexual purposes.Pepper obligingly holds out her wrists, letting Tony cuff one and then the other to the support straps of the enclosure, above her head. He takes a rubber ball out of his pocket, putting it into her hand and closing her fingers around it. "Drop it or throw it if something goes wrong.""I'll tell you if something goes wrong," she says."Who knows?" Tony says innocently. "You might not be able to talk." Pepper gives him a suspicious look, but she lets it pass without comment. He steps back, pulling at the straps a little, making sure they're positioned properly before he hoists the enclosure up further, getting her to the right height.Having his stunning invention rise up out of the floor is, of course, theatrical, but there's nothing Tony loves more than some good old fashioned theatricality. It's inert right now, a big half-sphere with a bunch of holes and a panel on the side, but then Tony picks up his remote and presses a button. The creation makes a whirring noise as it comes online. A single arm snakes up out of the hole in the middle, rising up until it contacts the enclosure; Pepper jumps when it touches her."It's okay," Tony says. "It's friendly. Just curious.""That's what I'm afraid of," Pepper says. It's waking up now, more of the golden, metal tentacles peeking out of their holes, coming up to touch her back, stroking her skin where it's exposed, and she shivers."How does it feel?" Tony asks.One of the tentacles finds her leg, sliding up her calf. "Deeply weird," Pepper replies."I promise you'll like it," he tells her. "Just relax."Tony is enormously proud of his creation, because this is the next level, a different evolution in robotics. He can build all the human-analogues and robot cheetahs that he wants, but this is a truly artificial artificial intelligence, something modeled on nothing but what's in his- possibly a little twisted but who cares- mind.Tony sits down on the couch, watching as the tentacles touch her, studying, prodding. They have a very clear agenda, because, really, it is a sex robot. Maybe he'll build a robot EMT next, one that finds wounds and breaks, because the exploration process is similar; however, this one wants to find entirely different things.She closes her legs when one of the tentacles finds its way up above her knee, more out of surprise than anything else, but the creation isn't having it. Two of the larger arms wrap themselves delicately around her thighs, urging them open, spreading her out. Another one snakes its way up, creeping over her skin; it stops when it reaches the patch of hair between her legs, nosing at it curiously, and Pepper squirms. It moves inwards, finding her clit next, and she moans softly as it rubs her experimentally, changing speed, pressure, until Pepper's hips are moving, looking for more. It seems satisfied by its progress, and soon another tentacle joins it, running up and down her folds. Pepper's panting now, making needy sounds as it begins to press slowly inside of her, a little at a time, testing her reactions. It finally pushes in all the way up to the guard Tony's put on it; sensory overload is kind of the point, but nobody needs to be getting hurt because somebody got overambitious. It stays still for a moment, but this apparently isn't satisfactory. It starts moving in and out, slowly at first but picking up speed, testing her response, backing off when it senses that it's getting to be too much. The way it reads her responses, picking up on cues that are so minute that Tony can't see them, no need at all for the verbal 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tentacles

freeform: 
Consentacles
Tentacles
Fucking Machines
Sex Robots
Thigh Cuffs
breast bondage
Double Penetration
Bondage
Sexual Experimentation
Sex Swing
Risk Aware Consensual Kink
Nipple Play
Tony Stark: Mad Scientist
Mad Science
Community: kink_bingo
Technophilia
Possible Trigger: Trypophobia
Artificial Intelligence

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tentacles

