Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Hey guys, it's been 6 years. I dropped out of the fandom fast and hard but I bring to you an edited chapter. Read until the end of the prologue to find out why I would do that after expressing dislike for this work for literal years of my life.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
At birth, everyone is given a stopwatch, but not a normal one. The stopwatch doesn't count down just any amount of time. It only has one purpose. You can't keep track of how long it takes you to run that mile that you've been trying to achieve, or how long it takes you to do a Rubix cube. It's not an application on a device. It's a small black screen with a matching, unbreakable strap, its technological origin unknown but around since the beginning of history. At least that's what we're told.The stopwatch counts down to the time you have until you meet your soulmate, Your selected partner chosen for you by fate herself... That of course isn't a promise of true love. No one really knows what it means, but most take it as a sign of something hopeful and prospering. Peter Benjamin Parker was given his stopwatch minutes after birth and when the red numbers blinked on it read:15:63:10:4715 years, 63 days, 10 minutes and 47 seconds.It was set in stone for him as it had for the billions that had come before him. That was when he would meet his soulmate. The only thing that existed within the world that could change those numbers was death. Only death could steal your time and change your fate. So they had said. • • • • • • As a teenager, Peter hated his stopwatch. He hated the red, digital numbers on the small, black device that would forever be strapped to his wrist. It was after all, impossible to remove the moment recorder once it was sealed around your wrist. It few with you as a child, the band expanding unnoticeably. No one knew how or why. People assumed aliens, other's God. Some fools credited the Earth itself.The first time it went off Peter was only thirteen. One moment it read:02:04:21:082 years, 4 days, 21 minutes and 8 seconds.And in the next, it stopped counting with a bloodcurdling screech. He had been out shopping with Aunt May and Uncle Ben when it had decided to announce the death of his awaited person. The whole building went quiet as Peter looked down at his own wrist in shock before the inevitable tears started to stream down his face. Everyone within range knew what the alarm meant. The young boy's soulmate was dead...Seventeen hours later Peter was red-eyed and curled up in his bed, staring at the black screen when the counter relit, shining a with a radiant, almost blinding red light before it dulled in brightness and started to count again.02:03:08:002 years, 3 days, 8 minutes and 0 seconds.At that time, Peter had thought it was the grace of God. He had run to his Aunt and Uncle to share the news. They were as baffled as Peter was amazed.He cried again, this time tears of joy. • • • • • • 00:18:01:050 years, 18 days, 1 minute, 5 seconds Peter was fifteen when he had jerked awake to the torturous sound that made his heart sink and breath catch. The sound that made everyone's heart flutter with a note of panic. No one else heard his alarm nor his sobs as he muffled his uncontrollable cries in his pillow, believing he truly was alone in the world now, that he would have no one waiting for him in the future. His soulmate had already died once after all. What were the chances that they'd come back again?That night, Peter cried himself to sleep much like he once had when he realized that his parents really weren't coming back for him. Only this time he mourned the loss of a person who he would never meet. He'd never even known their name.The next morning, he had to wake up for school. Oh, how much he would have given to just die in the bed then and there... He made sure that Aunt May didn't notice his stopwatch as he raced out the door. He also didn't answer questions from his peers about the frozen numbers on his watch when he couldn't hide it anymore. He had tried to hide it on the bus on the way to a lab facility for their science field trip, but everyone knew he'd been close to meeting his soulmate. Attention was unavoidable and people thought he'd met his chosen one. Their faces fell when he eventually revealed the blank screen.But he had better things to focus on. That trip for example... because it was something to distract his mind with.Something strange happened when he was on that trip. One would call it a miracle, but he only felt uneasy. While passing through a bioengineering lab with all kinds of strange containers and experiments, his watch began to flicker and glitch, jumping between four different countdowns. Peter was distracted, tired, and upset. His foul mood made him oblivious to the spider that crawled along the collar of his plaid shirt before sinking its pincers deep into a vein in his neck. Peter blamed the stup
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wade Wilson/ Peter Parker
spider-man/ deadpool

freeform: 
Stopwatch
Hurt
Hate
Love
Soulmates
possesivness
Death
alarms
Pain
Spideypool - Freeform
Soulmate AU
Stopwatches
poorly writen smut
BOXES
white - Freeform
yellow - Freeform
Avengers - Freeform
clint barton - Freeform
tony stark - Freeform
Steve Rodgers - Freeform
Low key Super family
Attacks
Peter isnt sane
Multi-personalities
spider - Freeform
Blood
Hunting
Cravings
Starving
Self Harm

fandom: 
Wade Wilson/ Peter Parker
spider-man/ deadpool

