Work Text:

  
 Title: Heart of Iron and IceAuthor: darkseraphinaFandom/Genre: Marvel Cinematic Universe (Iron Man/Thor/Avengers)Relationship(s): female Tony Stark/LokiContent Rating: RWarnings: Canon typical violence...so, torture, death, destruction of worlds, racism,  internalized  racism, genocide, comic-book science, betrayal, body horror and mutilation, unsafe medical procedures, unsafe science experiments (god, seriously, proper laboratory procedure would solve  so many  problems in comic books and science fiction, honestly), unsafe sexual behaviour (Tony Stark should be it's own warning regardless of gender). Any and all of these could be referenced, as well as specific violence in the first Iron Man movie (open heart surgery in a cave!) and mentions of underage sex, misogyny, and threat of rape. THERE IS NO RAPE, just the threat and/or mention of it.Summary: Tony Stark was born a girl. . . and changed the world by  not  having a dick. Who knew? Also, she's a Guide.Antonia Stark ( god,  please, call me Tony — no, no 'i', what am I, 12 and dotting my name with a heart? Yes, with a 'y', thank you, glad we straightened that out) came online as a guide at seventeen, and spends years hiding it. Bad enough to be a wealthy heiress, honestly, having to deal with Sentinels  touching  her trying to see if they can land the biggest golden goose of bondmate  ever  is not on her agenda, thanks, and also, her father told her to keep that quiet before he  died  and left her at the mercy of the Board and Obadiah Stane; who, you should know, might act all avuncular when he thinks you're just a little girl he can control but, really, he's a two-faced asshole and a thief. Assholes she can deal with — she has  so much  practice — but stealing and double dealing? Fuck that noise.Somehow, despite kicking Stane out and putting the Fear of Stark in the Board (yes, it's totally a thing and also? She's scarier than God who, yes, might smite you but she's a vindictive bitch with the smartest supercomputer network — one supercomputer is so 90s — ever built  and  Pepper Potts as her. . . sidekicks? Minions? Allies of Awesome? Yeah, that'll work), she still ends up in a cave in Afghanistan with iron in her heart and a box of scraps. So she does what she always does — makes the man who tried to fuck with her bend over and take it. With style. And explosions —  lots  of explosions.Meeting a viking god from another realm — who's also a Sentinel — in the desert? Not part of her life plan. Good thing she's an engineer — and that he's very pretty. Tony likes pretty things.  


 Part One 

 Tony, Age 14 
“I’m paying you a ridiculous amount of money to keep my kid out of trouble and this is the result?” Howard demanded.He was sitting the principal’s office of an elite girl’s boarding school — calling it the Headmistress’ Office and panelling the place in oak didn’t change what it was. The woman behind the desk was close to his age and seemed deeply unimpressed by him and his temper. Under other circumstances he would like her for it.“No, Mr Stark, you pay me to educate your daughter — which is exactly what I’ve done, with less emotional and monetary damage than any of the four previous schools you paid for. Frankly, Mr Stark, no reasonable person would consider the completion of all three years of high school in eight months and SAT scores of 1590 to be  trouble .”“I know my kid is smart —”“Your daughter is a  genius.” Helena Mitchum snapped. “Her mathematical understanding outstrips people with PhDs. Her engineering, mechanical, and physics aptitudes defy description — and all of that pales in comparison to her understanding of robotics and computers which is  revolutionary. Do you know how I kept Tony from causing the kind of chaos that got her kicked out of four schools, despite your money?” He went to answer but the woman spoke over him. “I stopped thinking of her as the daughter of a rich man — of Howard Stark — and looked at  Tony. I asked her what she wanted. I challenged her mind. And instead of blowing up a chemistry lab or hacking the computer system to shut down my school, Tony completed every requirement for graduating. She also maintenanced every staff vehicle, rebuilt our computer lab and redesigned the school’s database. Keeping her here is a waste of your money and her mind; that girl belongs in college classes.”“What, you want me to send a fourteen-year-old girl to university?”“You sent a ten year-old to boarding school.”He scowled. “That’s different.”“Perhaps, but only by degrees. Besides, there are private colleges and correspondence programs. I’m hardly telling you to drop your daughter off at the closest dorm and be done with it, Mr Stark. Tony is perfectly capable of completing an undergraduate degree from home, especially since you live in city with Columbia University; it should take her at least a year to get a BSc. Fifteen is a more reasonable age for going away to college, and Tony is intent on MIT. ”Howard fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Frigga/Odin
Pepper Potts/Original Male Character(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Female Tony Stark
BAMF Loki
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
Thor Is a Good Bro
BAMF everyone
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Because of Reasons
Sentinel Senses
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Spirit Animals
Magic Is a Thing
despite Tony's best efforts
Women Being Awesome
Feminist Themes
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jotun Loki
Thor Is Not Stupid
and also part Jotun
Threats of Violence
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Canon-Typical Violence
Rule 63

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Frigga/Odin
Pepper Potts/Original Male Character(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

