Work Text:
T'Challa – King T'Challa of Wakanda, the Black Panther, Guy Who Dresses Up Like a Cat to Fight Crime or Possibly for Other Reasons, Who the Fuck Knows – T'Challa corners Sam during one of their visits to check in on Bucky and says, in a mild voice that should not sound as threatening as it does, "We need to talk.""We do, huh," Sam says, looking him up and down.  He's just a king and a superhero and a genius inventor and possibly the richest man alive, looking way too fine and wearing the hell out of a tailored three-piece suit; Sam can hold his own against this guy."We do," T'Challa affirms, as if immune to the sarcasm in Sam's voice.  "If you don’t have any more pressing engagements at present."Sam supposes this could be a reference to the fact that he’s currently lounging in a chair on one of the palace balconies and eating a popsicle.  Which is kind of disrespectful to Bucky, maybe, since he's currently a popsicle himself, but it's hot in Wakanda in August and the nice lady had asked if she could bring him anything.  Even the Wakandan popsicles are strange and unexpected, flavored like fruits Sam doesn’t recognize, creamy and fancy and not much like the thing you’d get from the bodega on a hot day in Harlem.He considers ditching it in the trash.  He stands up holding it instead, intending to bring it along."Where are we going?" he asks, as T'Challa turns and starts to walk away.  He doesn't even look back, just expects Sam to follow him.  Joke's on him; Sam has no problem following that ass."To discuss your flagrant breach of my intellectual property rights," T'Challa replies, over his shoulder, and Sam could swear that he can see him smirking.  Sam's popsicle falls off the stick and splatters juice all over his pants on its way to the ground.  He grimaces."I'll take care of that, sir," the nice lady from before says, appearing out of nowhere.  She takes the stick gingerly from his hand.  "If you would follow the king."Sam brushes at his sticky pants and follows the king.*"Really," Sam says, when he gets a look at the holographic blueprints that T'Challa brings up for him.  "This is your beef? My wings?""My wings," T'Challa replies.  "As you can see by the date on these designs.""Look man,” Sam begins, then falters as T’Challa draws himself up to his full height and adopts a very mild and very kingly expression.  “Your highness,” Sam corrects himself, annoyed by the urge he feels to bow.  “I used tech that the Air Force gave me.  I was told that the designer of the wings was Tony Stark.  If that isn’t true, your problem is with him, not with me.”It feels like the wrong response.  But Sam doesn’t want to believe it, that the wings he’s been flying around on for years could’ve been stolen, and stolen from Wakanda.  It’s too easy to believe, too easy to imagine, and Sam doesn’t want it to be true.“I am going to broach the matter with Stark and his legal team, I assure you.  Also the American military.”“Okay, so . . . ” Sam hesitates, feeling the bottom drop out of his stomach as he realizes why T'Challa would need to talk to him.  “Are you asking me to stop using them?”“Yes. I am asking, for now. But I can move on to more legally binding methods if need be.”Sam rubs at the back of his neck and sighs.  “I can’t – that would make sense if someone had stolen a patent on like . . . an iPhone, or a car or something,” he tries, “but seriously, I am the only person in the world flying these things right now. The Air Force doesn’t even use them anymore.  It’s just one guy in a set of wings, it’s no threat to you.”T’Challa’s cool exterior cracks a little at that, and his mouth pulls down in a half-frown.  Sam’s really gotta stop looking at his mouth.  “That is, in fact, the problem,” he says slowly, and yeah, Sam can tell that this is bothering him a lot.  “One man, a great hero, an Avenger, flying my technology onto the front pages of all of the major newspapers, with Stark’s name branded on the side.”  He reaches out, a casual gesture towards the wings Sam isn’t wearing, the place where the Stark Industries logo is painted on the left wing.  “It does not help my case.”Sam wants to be flattered by the king of Wakanda calling him a hero, like some childhood fantasy come to life from the pages of a worn-out, handed-down storybook.  When he was a kid, hearing the stories of this one unconquered corner of Africa, he always wished he could come to live here. He always fantasized about Wakanda as a place where you’re free, where the world makes sense and you get everything you’ve ever wanted.  But Wakanda, as it turns out, doesn’t care what he wants, and doesn’t owe him shit.  T’Challa might be calling him a hero, but he’s also going to take away one of the most important parts of Sam’s life.“You think it’ll help your case to ground me?” Sam tries, desperately.  He spent years without the wings, without the feeling of lifting off into the air, without that freedom, without that calling.  And he might be a crimi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
T'Challa/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Wakanda
Oaths & Vows
Flying
Service
Intellectual Property Rights
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
T'Challa/Sam Wilson

