Chapter 1: Rock-A-Bye Baby (Harry's In The Tree Top)
    


Notes:
Title : Hadrian Romanoff and the BeginningStatus : Rewrite.Warnings : Unedited. Mild to Strong Character Bashing. Albus Dumbledore Bashing. Molly Weasley Bashing. Ron Weasley Bashing. Ginny Weasley Bashing. Hermione Granger Bashing.




Chapter Text
Clint Barton, a handsome yet somehow still a nondescript man, stood in the darkened room of an average cottage in Godric's Hollow. He was dressed in dark, flexible body armor with a quiver of arrows on his back, a state of the art bow within easy reach. His eyes, hidden behind redundant sunglasses, were trained on the house directly across the street from him.He had been sent to watch the house when a report came in a little over three hours beforehand. A large, unidentified spike of energy had caught the attention of the techs in charge of watching the various radars they had around the world. Since Clint and his partner were already in the area thanks to another - already completed - mission he had been chosen to check it out and determine what sort of situation it was.In the beginning of his stake out there hadn't been much to observe. The house that they had tracked down as the source of the energy looked like any of the other houses lining the street. There were no lights, no sounds, though something was setting off Clint's sixth sense. There was something going on in Godric's Hollow, he was sure of it.He got confirmation two hours in when a tall man with a long white beard wearing robes of all things appeared out of nowhere in front of the house he was watching. Clint readied his bow, waiting for the man to make a move.The stranger raised both his arms skyward, something long and thin in his right hand, and made a complicated grand gesture. The air seemed to ripple and Clint watched with grim anticipation as the image of a perfectly normal cottage fell away only to be replaced with an explosion torn mess. A hole had been blasted through the walls, centered on the upper level, exposing the inside of the cottage to the elements.Clint waited for several moments as the stranger made his way into the destroyed cottage before calling in the development. The bearded man seemed to be inspecting the site, perhaps searching for something, bursts of light appearing whenever he waved his right arm.Clint reached over to a small table and picked up a compact camera. He snapped several pictures of the wrecked site, including close ups of the stranger who was still looking around.Finally the man seemed to have finished what he came to do and he disappeared with a loud crack of a whip.Ten minutes after the stranger had left Clint made to go investigate the cottage himself when another person appeared, just like the man from before. This time it was a man with light brown hair wearing shabby clothes. He stared at the cottage for several minutes before turning his head away, his hand raising up to wipe at his face. Then he disappeared without a sound.Soon after more people appeared, most of them dressed just as oddly as the first man. Several of them laid flowers at the edge of the property, some of them leaving actual gifts. Clint noticed that they all seemed to be celebrating something, whispering to one another excitedly, pointing at the damaged house as they spoke.A tall woman with dark hair appeared with a younger blonde woman following behind her, jotting down notes while an old fashioned camera floated in the air beside her. There were bright flashes of light as several pictures were taken; the brunette seemed to be speaking quickly while her assistant hurriedly wrote down everything she was saying. Even from where he was Clint could see that the blonde was glaring harshly at her boss' back whenever she wasn't looking."Ooh, hostile takeover coming soon," Clint whispered to himself.He watched for another hour and a half as more and more people show up to pay their respects and celebrate. As time passed by they get noticeably drunker, stumbling around and shouting out slurred words. Clint caught 'free' and 'boy' and 'saved' the most.It was easy to see that something big has happened with the wrecked cottage at the center of it. The only question was what.When he'd been staking out the cottage for five hours he was more than ready to call it in. Nothing that required his expertise or attention was going on and he could pass this assignment off to another agent easily.He packed away his bow carefully, partly out of respect for his weapon of choice, but mostly because he didn't want to hear the man who designed it bitch about not taking care of his toys. He was just about to do the same with his specially made arrows when a burst of blinding green light caught his attention from the side window.Clint moved to look out the window but saw nothing except shrubbery and a few trees separating the property lines between the two houses. Just as he stepped away, he heard,"Mummy!"Moving quickly, Clint ran from the ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Manipulative Dumbledore
Character Bashing
Character Redemption
Hogwarts First Year
Hogwarts Second Year
Well Adjusted Slytherins
Smart Harry
Slytherin Harry
Harry Raised By The Avengers
The Avengers Raised By Harry
Screw-y Timeline
Hermione Granger Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing

fandom: 
None
