Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

In which Tony gets bored and finds something interesting





Chapter Text

Chapter One:
Tony Stark was bored and irritable.He had just had to endure a long day of repetitive meetings with a bunch of stuffy old bastards who wouldn't know progress if it bit them in the ass and right now he needed to talk to someone who actually spoke English before his head imploded from the utter stupidity he'd been subjected to. That meant he was currently seeking out his favorite physicist/ giant green rage monster, who apparently didn't want to be found.Growling he stalked the halls of R&D to no avail, loosening the silk tie of his immaculately pressed and tailored suit before giving into temptation and calling upon JARVIS."JARVIS where is Bruce?""Doctor Banner is in the cold lab on the floor below you Sir."Temporarily mollified the billionaire stalked toward the elevator allowing the tension to ease from his shoulders as his mind contemplated just what Banner was doing in the cold lab and casually jabbed the call button. The elevator arrived promptly and within minutes Tony found himself punching in the cold labs secure code, stepping inside as the glass panelled door swooshed open. He felt a small smile cross his features as he spotted his quarry in the far corner hunched over a microscope and seemingly oblivious to his arrival.Well that just wouldn't do.Feeling mischevious Tony walked as silently as he could across the room, picking up the first pointy object (a pippet) he found along the way and moved behind Bruce poised and ready for a sneaky attack."Whatever you're thinking about doing Stark, don't."The physicist's voice was wry and he still hadn't looked up from his microscope, causing the billionaire to scowl."Wouldn't dream of it Big Guy..." He replied sulkily, tossing the pippet on the work station. "...How did you know it was me?"Bruce let out a small, soft chuckle and finally looked up from the microscope but still didn't turn to face the other man, instead scribbling a few observations down on a nearby pad of paper."You mean besides that odious aroma you call cologne?" There was an indignant sqwark from Tony "JARVIS informed me.""Traitor."Again there was that soft chuckle and Banner finally turned around, folding his arms across his chest."Don't take it out on JARVIS even if he hadn't told me it was obviously going to be you."Tony grinned at finally having the man's attention."So you're psychic now? Didn't know that came with mean green's territory. Although it could be useful, we might finally be able to find out what Natasha is actually thinking."Bruce rolled his eyes and unfolded his arms, settling his hands against the desk behind him."I haven't suddenly become the 'Widow Whisperer' Tony and besides you're the only person who visits me in the lab, I think I made Thor's brain implode the one time he braved it and the others know better."There was an awkward silence which Tony quickly broke."So what are you working on?"The physicist gave a genuine smile, his eyes twinkling with interest."Well a cryogenics lab commissioned your R&D to try and create a serum that reduced muscle atrophy in cold-sleep patients. They were having a bit of difficulty with some of the molecular structure stabilization and asked if I'd take a look."Tony nodded admittedly intrigued by the idea, he'd never really taken an interest in cryogenics but he had a feeling the idea Bruce was working on had other applications besides cold-sleep patients."Sounds interesting... Let me guess, it was the little brunette with the ponytail who asked you?"Bruce rolled his eyes and turned back to the microscope ignoring the question entirely, this however didn't deter the billionaire a cheeky grin breaking out over his face."It was, wasn't it..." He crowed cheerfully and he put on a fake falsetto "Oh Doctor Banner could you please help me with this, pretty please. She is totally crushing on you...""Tony, did you actually come in here for something other than interupting me?" The physicist asked, voice stern.Stark stopped his performance pushing his hands into his pockets."In all honesty... No. I've just had a miserable day dealing with idiotic bureaucrats and people more interested in lining their pockets than doing something productive. I need some normal."Bruce had to laugh at that, since when had anything associated with him been considered normal? But then again Tony Stark was almost a force of nature perhaps even more so than the Hulk, so it sort of made sense that he'd want to be around similar forces to make himself feel normal.Well that was one theory anyway."I tell you what Tony help me finish up here and we'll go down to the basement and blow off some steam... By which I mean blow some stuff up."Even though he couldn't see it Bruce could feel the grin spreading across Tony's face and heard the rustling of cloth as the billionaire stripped off his jacket and rolled up his sleeves."Sounds like a plan Bru
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Has Issues
Tony Feels
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Bruce
Howard Stark Is a Dick
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
World Security Council are dicks
Past Abuse
Shitty childhoods
Team Bonding
Science Bros
BAMF Team
BAMF Hulk
All for one and one for all
Thor takes his damn time
Battlefield: Avengers Tower.
I like writing tags.
The Author Regrets Nothing
BAMF Pepper
We all HATE General Ross
WSC take Dickness to a new level.
Roadtrips... Sorta.
Treason
Hidden Talents
OC's (Sorry)
The Avengers are here to Kick Ass
Tony Stark is a sneaky bastard.
Thor Is a Good Bro
Tony looks out for his Damn team!
Wibbley-Wobbly Marvel science
Author is not a Doctor/ Nuclear Physicicst/ Scientist/ Escape Artist of any kind.
So please cut me some slack on the technical stuff
Implied Human Experimentation.
Character Redemption.
Implied Peril.
Hulk is a good Bro
Minor Character Death
Team Feels
Nick Fury Knows All
And is a sneaky bastard
Angst
Trust Issues.
Cliffhangers
Author is sorry/ not sorry for the ending.
Controversial Topics mentioned.

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

