Work Text:
The Tower is equipped for Hulk-outs.  Even so, the whole building shakes, and Tony jolts awake."Shit.  Jarvis?""I am unsure precisely what upset Dr. Banner, sir, but Hulk is contained.""Well, that's good to know."  He gets up and flings on a robe, belting it and shoving his feet into his fluffy Captain America slippers.  He has a set of Hulk ones, but coming in with mini replicas of a guy's disembodied head on your feet might give him the wrong idea if he's not someone who understands merchandising.As soon as Bruce had actually come aboard, Tony had devised a space to contain the Hulk.  It has to actually keep him in, but it's full of fun things to smash, as well as lots of things that are fluffy, because Hulk has shown a fondness for cuddling them.  Right now he's sitting in the middle of the floor, sulking and hugging the enormous old down comforter Pepper had found somewhere."Hey, buddy," Tony says, coming in, "you feeling better?"  Hulk looks up, and genuinely scares Tony for the first time in a long time, jumping up and roaring ferociously at him.  "Woah."  Tony stops, hands up.  "What'd I do, big guy?""FEET!"  Hulk roars, and Tony glances down at the slippers."These?  No problem."  He slides out of them and kicks them away behind him, not knowing or caring where they end up.  His heart is pounding and he feels lightheaded and let's fucking face it, a little turned on.  It's just how it works with him.  "That better?"Hulk just grunts and knuckles over, scooping Tony up.  He's done this a few times before, and Tony just goes with the flow, clinging to Hulk's arm and marveling as always at how hot that green skin is.  "FEET," Hulk rumbles, but he sounds a lot less pissed off and sits down again with Tony tucked in against his chest like a favorite stuffed animal."Did the colors hurt your eyes?"  They've got a whole giant log of Hulk sensory data, and have been able to mitigate some of his rage by keeping him away from aggravating stimuli like small yappy-type dogs and neon signs."COLORS GOOD.  FEET BAD.""Okay, big guy. I don't often say this to you, but you are making no damn sense at all."Hulk snorts, irritated but not really furious.  They've been working on letting him out in non-combat situations, so he has a little more emotional range now.  And better fine control, too, which he shows off by running massive green fingers through Tony's hair.  He supposes this is what it must be like to be a (relatively) gentle kid's pet rabbit.  It's not so bad.  Little bastards should quit complaining all the time."MY FEET.""You want a pair of Cap slippers?  We can totally do that.""NO!""Ow."  Tony rubs his ear.  "Easy on the volume, big green.  Yikes!"  He yelps as Hulk's other hand grabs his feet, hauling them up and pulling Tony down in the same movement until he's hopelessly rumpled with his cock hanging out, looking at his own pale little feet in Hulk's hand. "MY FEET," Hulk says, much more softly."…Oh."  Tony squirms, a warm feeling fluttering in his stomach."NOT CAP'S FEET.""Oh."  Tony swallows and tries to say something more intelligent.  "Oh.  Okay.  Uh.  Yeah.  I have a pair of Hulk slippers, I can wear those instead.""GOOD."  Hulk cuddles him, purring and nuzzling his hair, taking a deep, huffing breath.  It's warm all along Tony's back and side, and he shivers.  Hulk purrs, a low and truly inhuman (fuck, non-primate) noise, and lets go of Tony's feet to tug the robe back into messy order before snuggling him close to his chest again, both arms cradling Tony.  He shivers and listens to the purring and the massive thumps of Hulk's heart, expecting him to shrink back to Bruce at any moment, because this is so calm.  "SMELL GOOD.""Thank you.  I appreciate your scent as well."  And he does.  Hulk smells like green forests and ozone and musk, and Tony breathes it in, shivering again.  Hulk rumbles and nuzzles him, one massive hand splaying over Tony's chest.  He shivers, and then squeaks as he rubs against something… impressive.  "Uh, Hulk?""MM.  FEEL GOOD.""I'll bet.  You want some privacy, big guy?""PRIVACY WITH TONY.""…Oh.  Uh, wow.  Jesus.""WANT MATE."Tony does his best not to whimper.  "Okay."  He's always been a size queen, and while Hulk is packing some serious heat, it's nothing he can't take.  Hulk grins from ear to ear, and in a second Tony is naked and flat on his belly, dazed.  "Woah!  Hang on, buddy, we're gonna need some lube!""NO NEED LUBE."Before Tony can argue with that, there's hot breath on his ass and the pointed tip of Hulk's tongue working into him.  He lets out a loud noise that is definitely not a squeal, and just goes limp and goes along for the ride.  Hulk runs much hotter than a human, and his tongue is huge and slick, working into Tony and making his eyes roll back in his head as he struggles to spread his legs even wider.  Hulk holds him open and purrs again as he fucks Tony on his tongue, slow and hot and working deeper and deeper."Oh, fuck," Tony whimpers, thighs trem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Size Kink
Size Difference
Animalistic
Rimming

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

