Work Text:
“The next time I see Doom, I’m going to do something that Steve would definitely not approve of,” Tony threatens, blasting another DoomBot away with his repulsor. “If it involves killing him, I think I’d actually approve that,” Steve says. Clint gives a mock gasp. “Stop the presses! Stark and Rogers agree on something!” “Yeah, like Clint Barton’s an ass,” Tony grumbles, making his way through the belly of the naval ship. “I like Hawkeye,” Steve defends. “He actually follows orders.” “And he’s taken out more DoomBots,” Natasha adds. Clint laughs while Tony makes a mock-gasp. “That is crossing a line, Miss Romanov!”Here’s the situation: Dr. Doom is supposed to be on a naval ship transporting a small DoomBot army to D.C. where they’re going to make a lot of explosions and screams and rubble. The Avengers came out here to stop him at sea, only to find no Doom and a shit-ton of DoomBots, so either the intel’s faulty or Dr. Doom left the party early. Except he never leaves the party early when he can fry some Avengers, so…Bruce is up in the QuinJet that’s hovering half a mile above the ship, listening for a Code Green that will probably never come (Jolly Green and boats don’t mix). Natasha’s in the control room grabbing some much-needed intel on Doom’s next plan. Steve, Thor, and Clint are taking out DoomBots above deck. Tony’s below deck, because Jarvis’s scanners picked up something weird by the ship’s generator. Doom probably sucked up the juice before leaving, because it’s almost dead. The lights are barely flickering down here. When Tony does find the generator, he sucks in a breath. “Well, I hope you all like fireworks, because our evil doctor friend set us up for a great show down here.” “What does he mean?” Thor asks. “Doom set up a bomb,” Bruce translates. “How much time’s on it?” “It’s hooked up to the generator. When it goes, we go.” Not entirely true. Tony can probably survive the blast in his suit, even this close to the bomb. Thor’s a god, Bruce has Hulk, and everyone knows not to underestimate the shit Capsicle can survive. But Natasha and Clint won’t survive. Steve would probably be crippled, at least. Tony doesn’t need any more deaths on his conscience. “A minute and a half, tops,” Tony says. “I need three minutes for this to download,” Natasha says. “Forget it,” Steve says. “Fall back.” “No, wait, I got this,” Tony says, dismantling his suit. “I can’t disable the bomb—it’s about as stable as a nuclear popsicle. But I can buy you guys more time.” “How much?” “Fifteen minutes?” “That’s plenty,” Natasha says. “Do it,” Steve orders.“Sir,” JARVIS says on their private channel while Tony digs wires out of his pockets and starts opening a second channel to the bomb. “I must object. You won’t survive fifteen minutes without the—”“I’m well aware, that’s why you’re going to run home and get me the spare,” Tony says. “Go fetch, boy.” “Sir...” “Now.”JARVIS hesitates, then marches the Iron Man suit out. That AI really only exists to oppose all of Tony’s well-laid plans, Tony swears that he’ll fix up that programming…Good God, this must be how Steve feels about him all the time! Tony chuckles at that thought. Chances are good that he'll be dead long before JARVIS comes back. Ah, well. #ShitHappens. Tony pulls the arc reactor out of his chest and unhooks it. The pain is immediate. Shrapnel in the chest, it’s not fun. Tony barely has time to plug the rector to the bomb before he goes into shock. His legs give out, and he crumples to the ground, his back against the generator. The reactor glows like a star in the dark room, just as the lights give out. The generator’s dead. The bomb doesn’t go off. Tony grins. Stupid Doom. He’s only killing off the least valuable Avenger with this stunt. --When Tony told Pepper that he shouldn’t be alive, he meant it. Seeing his weapons, his creations, in the hands of terrorists and murderers and other Very Not Nice people had confirmed the thought that’d been buzzing around the back of his mind for years: his life was destroying others'. Except it was more than just draining Pepper and Rhodey and Obie of their time and energy. Millions’ of people’s lives, their blood, that was on Tony. He didn’t deserve his life. Only two things stopped him from acting on that. One: Yinsen’s last words. (“Don’t waste it. Don’t waste your life, Stark.”) It was really shitty to refuse a dying man’s final wish. And two: the fact that Tony had the ability to take his weapons back. Tony Stark didn’t deserve to live. But Iron Man did. --Natasha’s assessment of him was spot on. Iron Man: good. Tony Stark: not good. He’d bitched to Fury about it, but she’d been right. Tony Stark had been almost grateful for the palladium poisoning. But Iron Man was still needed, so he saved himself to save Iron Man. Tony wanted to give Iron Man to someone else. He really did. But who would take it seriously? Who was qualified enough and, more importantly, trustworthy enough to be Iron Man? Obie had taught him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Team Feels
Tony Stark Angst
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Introspection
(sorta) - Freeform
Near Death Experiences
Arc Reactor
Arc Reactor Angst
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Suicidal Thoughts
sorta Suicide Attempt?
Self-Sacrifice
Self-Hatred
Self Confidence Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Some Swearing

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

