Chapter 1: Sabai Sabai
    




Chapter Text
The name of the restaurant was Sabai Sabai and it was a cluttered little local diner in Pattaya, Thailand. The tables and chairs were squished together to accommodate as many guests as possible and the air conditioner was barely working. Darcy looked up to glare at the ceiling fan which was crawling at the speed of a snail and grunting like it was working up a storm. The thin and slightly greasy menu soon became her friend as she tirelessly flapped it in front of her face and neck to keep herself from losing any more body fat in the form of sweat. Jane, it seemed, was unfazed by the heat. The scientist’s nose was buried in her journal and she did not look up even when the infant of that couple in the corner let out a loud wail and kicked the waiter who went to serve them food.Darcy tried to remember why they were there in the first place. They had been looking to get an early dinner and the concierge at their hotel had recommended Sabai Sabai and its Thai Green Curry with Rice. Jane was keen to try it out while Darcy, looking at the dingy interior of the diner, took the safe bet and also ordered a Thai grilled chicken cheese sandwich in case the curry was a bust. She mentally cursed the concierge as she watched a waiter carefully trying to make his way to their table. He almost dropped the entire dish on Jane’s head when someone pushed back their chair to get up and Darcy gasped out loud. Irritated and also slightly embarrassed, she cast her eyes about the open dining area, checking to see if anyone had noticed the awkward moment of drama at her table.There was a man, a few tables away, who was looking in her direction. Darcy looked down at her sandwich and after a couple of minutes when she looked up again, the man was still staring at her and Jane. She tried to move so that Jane blocked his view, but it was no use. He wasn’t openly staring, which Darcy would have preferred because then, she could make a face at him and flip him off. What he did instead was look over his beer mug, sweeping his eyes around casually before lingering on Jane and Darcy. The worst part was when his friend said something to him causing the man to nod in Darcy’s general direction.“That dude’s been checking us out for a while now,” Darcy said to Jane.Jane did not look up from the speech she was writing in her journal. “Does he look dangerous?” she asked.Darcy chanced a glance in his direction. He looked away immediately, knocking down his empty beer mug in the process. It would have been funny had he not been watching the two women with agenda in his eyes.“He’s big and he looks really strong.” She averted her eyes from the men. “He has a beard.”That caused Jane to look up and glare at Darcy. “How many times do I have to tell you not all bearded men are crooks?” she asked. “If you remember, Thor had a beard when he first landed.”“Yes, and I tased him.”Their blond and bearded stalker straightened, catching Darcy’s eyes. He reached into his jacket and Darcy panicked. “Jane, duck!” she yelled, throwing her sandwich at the man. It wasn’t very smart but she had no weapons and no better ideas. The man, to her shock, caught it with one hand, brow creased.The minor distraction was enough for Darcy to herd a baffled Jane out of the bar and onto the busy street outside. She didn’t care about the heads she had elbowed or the chairs they had knocked down in the process, because looking back through the glass window, she saw the man and his friend get up to follow them.“Shit!” Darcy grabbed Jane’s arm and began pulling her through the crowd. No one looked twice at them as they hurried past. “Two thugs are stalking us and I don’t even have my taser.”“There are two of them?”“Yep. He’s got a scary muscled companion who looks vaguely like a young Will Smith. Shouldn’t have left my taser at the hotel.”“I have a gun,” Jane supplied helpfully, trying to keep up with Darcy’s hurried steps.Darcy looked behind them and saw that the two men were gaining on them. She cursed again. “Okay, fine. Give me your gun. I’m not dying in the name of science. Or whatever it is they want from us.”They turned down a deserted side alley where Jane pulled a small hand gun from her purse, handing it to Darcy with a dubious frown. “We’re in Pattaya, Darcy. Maybe they just want sex?”Darcy shot Jane an incredulous look. “Look around, Jane. There are streetwalkers everywhere. If they wanted sex, they could have sex.” She eyed the entrance of the alley. “No, they want something else.”She pushed Jane behind her, ready to raise the gun as she waited to see if the men would find them. Darcy would shoot them in the head if they so much as looked at Jane. Jane was hers and no one hurt what was hers. Both women instinctively stepped back as the men entered the alley, approaching them, unmindful of the gun Darcy pointed at them. The bigger of the two, the one who had been watching them at the diner, was clutching Darcy’s mangled sandwich in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Avengers Feels
Fluff and Humor
Light Angst
Some Action
Avengers Family
mentions of Bucky Barnes who's in cryo
Name-Calling
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

