Chapter 1





Chapter Text

UNIT 4, RUBY CREST VILLAS

QUEZON CITY, PHILIPPINES
 Alexandra Maria Brown woke up with a start.Sunlight was streaming through the window, sprinkling all over the room and all over her face. With a groan, she burrows her face into the nearest pillow and tries to lull herself back to sleep. Miserably failing, she moves from the bed and roughly pulls the curtains, blocking the sun and effectively dimming the room.Task done, she lies spread-eagled on her bed, eyes closed and contemplative. There used to be a time when things like that never had to be a problem, a time when all she had to do was ask and she shall receive.A time when the world was at her fingertips.A time when she used to be a hero. “Now where did that come from?” she suddenly thought. It was too early in the morning to be thinking like this. Hell, she hasn’t been letting herself think along those lines of thought for a long time now. It has been eleven long years, and there was a part of her life she has succeeded to bury and forget, a necessary act to let herself move on and rebuild her life all over again after essentially losing everything.And move on she did. When she first arrived in the Philippines, she had been a penniless, pregnant stranger lost in a country that was not her own. Now, she’s a respectable engineering professor, mother to two amazing little geniuses and a naturalized Filipino citizen. She has done quite well for herself and her children and that was all that mattered. She may never be the same as before: rich, powerful and privileged, but nothing will ever make her exchange that for the peace and contentment she has now.Every once in a while though, like this particular morning, she finds herself missing little stuff from her old life. She missed her technology above any other, and lying there in the confines of her very ordinary bedroom, she allows herself to recall that British, cool voice, imagines talking to him and working with him in her old workshop.Her old workshop. She feels a tight pinch in her heart as she tries to relive moments spent inside her own fortress. Hours spent researching, tinkering and inventing. A safe haven where she could let loose and simply BE. A place where she can feel safe and shared with the most treasured of her creations. She could get lost in there, hidden away for days or even weeks before Ste-Blue eyes open with a jolt, willing her mind to stop thinking. No. Stop. Don’t. She cannot allow herself to think of him, or any person from her old life. It hurt too much. But it was a little bit too late in a sense. She can already visualize him, his soft blonde hair, beautiful azure eyes and that stubborn jaw she was so fond of. And before she could stop it, the vision changes as it always did. Hard and icy eyes, jaw locked in a grim scowl, and that soft hair forever away from her fingertips. She was back there, in that moment, watching him hate her, watching him walk away from her, like so many others before him. “We’re over.” His voice echoing over and over again, washing over her leaving her numb with a pain she cannot comprehend.A knock at her door brings her back to reality.“Mom?” a cautious voice asks, probably wondering why Alexandra was still in bed when she had a class that morning.“Yeah, kiddo, I’m awake, just tidying up!” she manages to respond.A brief pause, then,”Alright, breakfast is already done, so it will be nice if you hurry up before the food runs cold.” Feet shuffle in front the door for a while, before they finally walk away, presumably down to the kitchen.She waits as the footsteps fade away before releasing the breath she did not notice she was holding.She was being a fool, a big fool and she needs to stop this stupidity. True, she has lost so much, but it simply doesn’t matter anymore now does it? She has a job she loves, a real family and a new life away from the spotlight and endless responsibilities. Forehead creased, she walks to the bathroom, splashes cold water on her face and looks into the mirror, taking in her reflection.A young woman stood there, long brown hair falling just below her shoulders, and delicate features filled with weariness.Shaking her head, she wills herself to just stop thinking. Dwelling over remnants of a long forgotten past was not productive, and it will certainly not do her any good. It was a life that belonged to a Tony Stark, a complete failure of a man, who made wrong choices and lost everything.The woman in front of her was no Tony Stark, and will never be. She wouldn’t allow it, the world be damned.Extremis might have had a hand in it, but that fateful day, when Stark chose to fade away into nothingness and Alexandra came into existence, it was her sheer will and determination, the promise to never look back and keep moving forward, that let her survive.Alone and helpless she crawled out of the darkness and despair. She remade herself and ran as fast as she can, and no matter how afraid she was, she couldn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Male Character

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Kinda Kid Fic
NOT Canon!!!
Female Tony Stark
He sort of got transformed by EXTREMIS
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Feels
Parent Tony Stark
Moving On
Civil War (Marvel)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Male Character

