Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Timeline: 1 Year after CA:CW******* The bots just kept coming. Tony landed on the nearest roof, lifted his faceplate, and surveyed the scene below him. They just weren't stopping. Every street had dozens of bots crawling over every surface including broken remains of each other. The similarity to Ultron wasn't lost on him. His gut clenched at the thought of his creation's possible resurgence but Vision reassured him that it wasn't the case. The power signature was different. Lower frequency as well. But they were replicating so quickly and it almost seemed like they were duplicating themselves.“T’Challa what's it look like down there?” Tony asked. He stepped closer to the edge and stared down at the street. The NYPD had evacuated as many citizens as humanly possible and kept the rest inside the buildings the bots weren't feverishly tearing apart.“Vision, do you have eyes on Black Panther?” Tony asked, unable to keep the emotion out of his voice.“Last seen on 34th street and seventh avenue,” Vision responded. The light from the mind stone lit up a significant portion of the street near the rooftop. Tony snapped the faceplate down and flew over. The bots lay broken on the street while several others, longer and more bulky, flew over and began reassembling them in seconds.“FRIDAY scan those bots and find the matching energy signature!” Tony ordered and without preamble dove towards the next group, smashing them as he went.“T'Challa! Report!” He shouted over the comms not even trying to hide the distress creeping through him. He felt uneasy as he sped towards 34th street. After the battle had begun he’d lost track of the other man.“Black Panther report!” Tony growled low. His gut clenched impossibly tight in the absence of T'Challa's voice. His heart hammered in his chest threatening to beat it’s way through bone and the metal of his suit. It took far too long to clear the street.“Update, Boss. There's a command center four blocks south. Heavy armor plating with six replicating bots attached. Tony turned on his tail and in the cleared path he saw him. Sleek black vibranium slashed through a group of bots in seconds. Tony sighed in relief and waved to T’Challa before dropping down beside him to fight. Once on the ground he caught T'Challa's line of sight and they moved back-to-back dropping anything that came near them. T’Challa was growling loudly with each swipe of his claws but even Tony could see that he was lagging. His left leg dragged as he moved and Tony couldn't wrap his mind around how it had happened in the vibranium suit but it brought his low boiling rage bubbling to the forefront of his mind.His body moved without the finesse he was used to, striking out more viciously than necessary and firing his repulsors rapidly. T’Challa pivoted with him and soon their motions became more coordinated until none stood against them. It wasn't until a sea of parts surrounded them on the street that Tony acknowledged the hum in his ears as FRIDAY'S voice frantically calling out to him.“Boss they've deployed another replicator!”Tony surveyed the area and only lowered his arms when he confirmed no active threat was near. He watched as T’Challa rolled his shoulders back and gently rested his weight on his good leg, prepared for another fight. He couldn't see any expression beyond the mask but knew he had to be in immense pain.His hand came up to rest on the Panther's shoulder while the other tapped his ear.“Came loose in the fight,” T’Challa said. He didn't turn to face him but his voice came out ragged. Tony wasn't sure why that hurt but he had no time to think on it. With a glance back at where Vision was positioned he huffed and made the call even as T’Challa waivered slightly on his feet.“FRIDAY get the coordinates to Vision. Vision I need you to shut the master replicator down then return for clean up. We'll hold the ground level until you do!”Tony shook the rest of his anger away and with a clear head he stepped to his other teammate and held out his arm.“There's nothing left over here we have to keep them from heading further south. We should move closer to Vision's position and pick up the slack. Copy?”T’Challa stiffened but then moved close enough to wrap his arms around the suit’s barrel chest. They were airborne in seconds and at the site in less than a minute. T’Challa let go before they even landed and dove straight into battle. Tony had to give him credit. If it were anyone else he’d tell them to hang back but for some reason he couldn’t imagine telling the alpha to do so. The King of Wakanda would fight until he had nothing left. The least he could do was watch his back until that time came.An explosion shook the ground beneath him, eliciting a groan beneath the helmet.“What now?” Tony muttered.“The main replicator is down,” Vision responded over the line.“Good job Viz! Clear the streets!” Tony replied. He and the Panther began to move further back towards the dow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
New York Under Attack
Again
like always
anywho
Pre-Slash
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha T'Challa
Beta Peter
Beta Kamala
Alpha Steve Rogers
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Mostly for Tony
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Clint Barton
Omega Wanda
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Soulbonds

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Peter Parker

