Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Under ancient trees that stretched to the star-studded sky a bare chested warrior knelt in the snow. A red-eyed cleric pressed a hand to the warrior's chest. In his other hand the cleric held a glass vial. The full moon cast strange, rippling shadows on the snow, shadows that seemed obedient to something other than the moon's light as they twisted their long fingers towards the distant farming village."Hail HYDRA," the warrior whispered, eyes wide with awe."Hail HYDRA." The priest crushed the vial against the warrior's chest, pressing the Blood of their god through his skin. Quickly he backed away, fading into the shadows, veiled by a spell.For several minutes the warrior's harsh guttural gasps filled the night, then he stilled. His breathing calmed. He rose to his feet and ran smoothly towards the village.The screams started soon after. They didn't take long to end. *      *      * HYDRA's god wanted order. Life was the embodiment of chaos and so He desired it through death. His Blood was given to HYDRA's chosen. It made them strong, fast, hard to kill, healed their wounds. In the Blood they found peace, would kill until they were cut down.Inevitably they came, hundreds of men on horseback, warring peoples following warring gods, uniting to wipe HYDRA and their god of order and death from the face of the earth.The battle was long and bloody. Almost, they succeeded. They believed they succeeded.Cut off one head and two more shall take its place.HYDRA survived. In the dark, secret places of the world, HYDRA survived, with the Blood of their god and their clerics and their faith. No longer able to indulge their god's demand for slaughter, they had to find a new way to seek order.But they survived. Even when other cults died out, fell victim to the modern age in which gods were disdained and magic was just another tool, HYDRA adapted. They resurfaced, failed, were driven under once more.But HYDRA adapted.HYDRA survived.  The pain was distant. There was only the cold. The ice. His blood was escaping, trickling out beautiful and bright across the snow. Bucky turned his head and years passed. Bone greeted him. It had escaped from his skin, venturing out to keep him company while they waited for death.That was nice. It was good not to wait alone and death should be here soon.Boots filled his vision. Confusion tangled with the cold and the shocks of pain that reached him through the ice. Death didn't wear boots.Rough hands were grabbing at him. Someone jostled the bone sticking out of his shoulder and he screamed. The mountains echoed it back, mocking him. He was being dragged through the snow. He tried to struggle, but his body wasn't listening to him. It was only listening to the Boots hauling him away. Hauling him away from his spot in the snow.They couldn't take him away. How was death going to find him?The Boots heaved him onto a table. His blood dripped onto the floor. Bright lights blinded him. A woman with red eyes leaned over his body and Bucky thought she might be death, finally come to take him.Until she stripped his shirt off and pressed her hand against his chest and it burned. Until she broke a glass vial of red over his heart and pushed it through his skin and he screamed. Screamed until his throat was broken and no noise came out, screamed until the red liquid she'd pushed through his skin rose up and answered him, offering him peace. All he had to do was kill. He was too weak to fight it.Strength flooded the path carved by the Blood. He was calm, a perfect singing void of silence as he ascended into the Blood, answering its call. There were beating hearts all around him. He lunged from the table towards the closest. The peace of the kill flooded him as people fell and their hearts stopped. His eyes were cold, his face empty, and blood no longer flowed from his tattered jagged shoulder."I guess it still works," a shaky, elated, terrified voice spoke from behind the observation window."Bind him. Bind him now before he kills us all."He stepped over the bodies, eyes fixed on the woman who'd pushed the Blood into his skin, who'd given him this perfect peace. She raised her hands, fingers twisted to paint an elaborate sigil in the air, and pain wracked his body.It didn't stop him.A burst of electricity drove him, stunned, to his knees. There were hands on him, a needle slid into his skin to send cold shivering through his veins. His muscles went slack. A hand latched onto the back of his neck and seconds later something punched into his soul. A harsh voice ground out, "You will obey. You will serve the goals of HYDRA. You will not interfere with those goals. You belong to us. You will kill for us. Do you understand?"The man who had been James Buchanan Barnes, who had fallen from a mountain to be infected with the Blood of HYDRA's god and Bound, his soul chained and forced into HYDRA's service, said, "Yes."  HYDRA had rediscovered the cache of the Blood deep in the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern with Magic
Alternate Universe - Canonverse with extra magic
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Skinny Steve
Protective Steve Rogers
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood
Slow Build
Warning for frequent appearance of blood
salty language
Steve has a mouth on him

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

