Chapter 1



Notes:
I was stuck in traffic the other day, and I started writing this.It's not going to be a story with a big plot, the summary kind of summarizes everything and I might not explain in detail how Tony ended up in this situation.The chapters are just going to be short scenes where the team checks on Tony's diapers to see if he needs a change.If there are some mistakes, please let me know, as English is not my first language.




Chapter Text
Tony changed the channels half-heartedly, looking for a program that might attract his attention, but the 5-seconds gap spent on each channel didn't really let him see much of the show to decide if he liked it or not. The best cable TV service, more than one thousand channels, and there was still nothing worth watching. He even got the feeling that this was the third time the flipped through all the channels. But when Steve sat down next to him, took the remote away, and pressed the buttons that would make the TV display Discovery Channel, Tony didn't hesitate to complain. "Hey! I was watching that!" Tony lied, voice annoyed. He couldn't understand how Steve, having more than one thousand channels to choose from, always managed to find the most boring TV shows. "Tell me what show you were watching and I'll gladly change it back," Steve offered, earning a glared from Tony. "I was just looking for it," Tony mumbled. "You've been looking for a program for the last thirty minutes," Steve pointed out, Tony glared more. "It's none of your business! Give me back the remote!" Tony demanded, reaching for it, but Steve moved it away before he could even touch it. "Hey!""Tony, you weren't even watching it," Steve reasoned, slightly pushing Tony away to prevent him from grabbing the remote."It doesn't matter, it's my Tower, it’s my TV, so I decide what’s going to be watched. And I certainly don't wanna watch your dull documentaries," Tony said, trying to push Steve’s hand away from his chest. "They're not dull," Steve said with a fake insulted voice. "Yes they are! Give me back the remote!!"'They kept struggling for some minutes. Every time Tony was half an inch away from the remote, Steve managed to move it away or push him away. Freaking serum and freaking not human strength. If he hadn’t been so out of shape, he would have been able to retrieve the remote. Well, maybe not even like that. "Stop it, you're gonna hurt yourself," Steve warned when Tony kneeled on the couch and leaned on him, still trying to take the remote."Then give it ba–!" Tony’s words suddenly trailed off, being replaced with a tiny squeal when he lost the balance as he leaned too much, ending up falling across Steve’s lap. Steve put the remote on the sofa, away from Tony’s reach, and placed a hand on his butt. Tony wasn’t surprised and didn’t even react when he felt that hand squeezing a little. “You need a change,” Steve announced. Tony hated it when he did that. “You planned this,” Tony accused while Steve slipped his hands under his armpits and lift him up, placing him on the floor in front of him. “If you told me when you need a change, I wouldn’t do this,” Steve alleged, standing up and grabbing Tony’s upper arm firmly. “You don’t have to do this,” Tony insisted, though there was no annoyance or anger in his voice, not in the slightest. He just let himself be dragged toward the elevator. “Yes, I do. Otherwise, we’ll have to put up with a moody you for getting a rash. Again.” Tony rolled his eyes as he stepped inside the elevator.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
Diapers
diaper changes
Wetting
kind of
Infantilism
Age Play
Sort Of
Non-Sexual Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Cuddles
Babied Tony
Daddies everywhere
kind of plotless

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor

