Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Where is Stark?” were the first words out of Steve Rogers' mouth upon entering the Avengers Facility to find Vision dishing out chicken paprikash and spätzle onto plates at the kitchen island.“Busy,” Sam guessed, coming in behind the Captain.“Yeah,” Scott muttered, “busy up in his tower being a rich asshole.”Wanda stayed silent, as did Bucky. “He's probably trying to destroy the world again,” Clint was still bitter that he couldn't find his family anywhere.At that, Vision turned around, “I assure you, if it were Mr. Stark's intention to destroy the world, there would be nothing left by now.”Steve could feel the tension in the room rising, “Look, just tell us where he is,” he said, in response to which he heard a mumbled, “who gives a fuck?” and a whispered, “I'm not sure I want to know.”Vision dished out the last of the food, mixing the sauce from the chicken into the soft egg noodles on one of the plates. Hearing a the sound of wheels moving across the floor, everyone turned towards the far doorway to see a wheelchair-bound James Rhodes enter the room. “Well look who came back,” he laughed without smiling, “what do you want, Rogers?”Sam backed up guiltily, remembering his role in the man's paralysis. Clint had already retreated to a corner, perching on the highest part of the counter he could find, and Wanda was inching her way towards Vision. Scott stood awkwardly, biting his fingernail, and Bucky had stopped just short of removing himself from the room. Captain Steve I have no respect for anyone but myself Rogers approached the Rhodes with a look of pity, “Colonel, how are you doing?”The condescending question was ignored as Rhodes flipped the chair's brakes, “what do you want?” he asked again.“Where's Tony?” Steve asked, hoping that the use of the inventor's first name might do something to ease Rhodes' anger.The Col. had to bite his tongue to keep himself from saying anything about how the other man didn't deserve to refer to Tony Stark with such familiarity. “Answer the question, Rogers.”“Stark needs to replace Bucky's metal arm,” Steve stepped forward again, “he destroyed the first one,” was a feeble justification, and the Captain knew it.“Tones doesn't need to do anything for you or your friend.”“You don't get to make that decision,” Steve was well aware that he was on the losing side, but he never did know how to back down from a fight, especially one he had started, “just tell me where he is.”As Rhodes released his wheelchair's brakes and spun towards the door, he was getting quite good at manipulating the contraption, especially after Tony had upgraded it, Vision spoke up again, “Tony has not been here for quite some time and no one will confirm seeing him in person for the last several months. There is, however, substantial evidence that he is still alive.”Steve stood still, trying to process what he had just learned, while Sam followed Rhodes from the room. Vision handed silverware and a plate of food to Wanda, who had finally made her way to a stool 6 inches from him. He then moved to give plates and cutlery to Clint and Scott, and to the doorway to hand offer the same to Bucky. As the three men eyed the food suspiciously, Vision took a plate for himself, sitting down beside Wanda who was already eating. While no one knew what poison might do to Vision, it was accepted that Wanda was human enough not to be immune. Satisfied that it was safe, Scott joined them at the island and dug in. Bucky and Clint also began eating, but they remained where they were.Eventually, Steve sat beside Scott and took the last remaining plate. He had to wonder at the number of portions Vision had prepared, seeing as while there was one labeled “Rhodes” that had been slipped into the refrigerator, there wasn't a plate left over for Sam. Who had Vision not expected or decided not to feed?They ate in silence until Steve spoke up, addressing the ceiling, because he knew that an A.I. of some sort would be lurking in any facility designed by the inventor responsible for Iron Man. “Where is Stark?” he asked, looking upwards despite knowing that the A.I. wasn't located there, “I know he's not here, but they also said he is alive.”“I believe the words used were 'substantial evidence,' and the Boss' last known location is classified anyway,” F.R.I.D.A.Y.'s Irish voice filled the room, “even if it weren't, I would tell you.”Steve sighed, he had come to terms with a lot of modern technology, but he still couldn't wrap his head around AI's with attitude that voluntarily protected their creators. “What has Stark been doing lately?” he asked, prepared for F.R.I.D.A.Y. to tell him off.“That information is not classified,” she told him, “but I don't feel like telling you.”Cursing the genius' trust issues and his ability to create Artificial Intelligence with personality and apparently independent thoughts and feelings, the Captain tried again, “could you please pull up everything relating to him on the in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
AU a little
Clint has a family but isn't married
Fix-It
Disappearance
Steve being an ass
Deaf Clint Barton
Mental Health Issues
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Vision cooks
Not A Fix-It
Bed & Breakfast for a Biker Gang
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Aftermath of Civil War
Protective Happy Hogan
Minor Character Death
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
but she isn't exactly warm and fuzzy

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

