Work Text:
Afterwards, Tony would recall  that when the phone rang, a shiver ran down his back, and that some here-to-fore  unrecognized psychic part of his brain had told him sharply not to answer.  But he was an NCIS agent and when his phone  rang, he answered it."Very Special Agent Tony  DiNozzo at your service."He has no idea what happened  next.  Well, that's not exactly true, he  knows what happened next, but he still has no idea what it means.  That's not quite true either.  He knows, somehow, in some way, that he's  completely fucked.
It had been a tiring day, and  Gibbs was thinking of letting the team go early; thinking being the correct  term because he hated to set dangerous precedents.  However, as he let his gaze roam over his  agents, he couldn't help but notice they were essentially checked out anyway.  It had been several very long  days, but they had finally caught their perp who had cracked under  interrogation, nicely done by DiNozzo and, with the exception of said DiNozzo  who Gibbs would swear was sleeping with his eyes open, all their reports were  in.  "If you've sent me your  report," Gibbs said loudly, "you can go home."DiNozzo almost fell out of  his chair which was satisfying to watch.   McGee raised exhausted red eyes to him as if to see whether Gibbs was  telling the truth.  The hope in them  almost made Gibbs feel bad.  Ziva was  already up and moving.  "Goodnight,  all," she said and was gone.McGee was next, slowly  pulling his gear together.  "Goodnight,"  he said.  Then to DiNozzo, "You  done?""Almost,  McWorrywart," DiNozzo said, putting his fingers on the keyboard.  "I'll be right behind you."Gibbs bet he hadn't even  started his report yet.  And indeed, once  McGee and Ziva were gone, DiNozzo groaned and put his head down on his  desk.  "My brain is dead."Gibbs grinned.  "Go home, DiNozzo.  Come back in tomorrow and write it.""Really?" DiNozzo  moaned, face still planted, although he turned it toward Gibbs' location.  "You're not teasing me, are you?  Because just the possibility of  procrastination is filling me with the will to live again."Now that no one was around,  Gibbs laughed.  He had to keep his  amusement to a dull roar when the team was around, didn't want anyone to think  he had a favorite.  "Really,  Tony.  Go home.""Can't I come over?  Don't you have steak?  If I go home I'll just have  pop-tarts."  He sat up.  "God, unless I’m out.  I could be out of pop-tarts.  This has catastrophe written all over it."That's when Tony's phone rang.  Gibbs was momentarily arrested at the  expression on Tony's face, as if he knew there was bad news on the other end of  the line.  Gibbs paid attention as Tony  answered it."Very Special Agent Tony  DiNozzo at your service."Tony looked quizzical, then  annoyed.  "Who the hell is  this?"Gibbs found himself standing  like Tony was in danger."What?  I can hardly hear you.  What about my mom?  My mom's been dead for a long time."  There was a pause, a look of incredulity on  Tony's face.  "What are you talking  about?  Who is this?  Call my father?  Who is this?"  Tony listened for another moment then slammed  down the phone.  "Jesus, I wish  McGee was still here so he could use his magic fingers to get that phone  number.""What was that about?"  Gibbs asked.Tony made a circular motion  with his index finger by his right temple but his eyes were a little too  freaked out for him to be writing this off completely as a joke.  "Someone opened a cage and let a crazy  out with my telephone number.  Fun  times.""What was it  about?" Gibbs asked again, pushing.Tony held up a finger and  then quickly dialed another number.   "Dad?  It's Tony.  Call me as soon as you get this message, it's  important."  He hung up.  "Not that he'll call, of course.  He's probably wooing wife number  seventeen."Gibbs used to think Tony had  been kidding about that until he'd met the older DiNozzo."Tony.""It was just some whacko  with a little too much information, like my mom's name and when she died, and  who I was, and something about my fortieth birthday and some legacy."A weird chill went down  Gibbs' back.  "What kind of  legacy?""No idea.  Something to do with animals?  Like I said, whack job.""Speaking of your  birthday," Gibbs started."Just tell me I can come  over for steak," Tony interrupted.   "That's all I want.""You can come over for  steak," Gibbs agreed with a grin.   "I forgot with today's case but I was planning on having you over  for your birthday.  Either tonight or tomorrow."  Tomorrow was Tony's actual birthday."Both?" Tony pleaded  with a puppy dog stare.  "Or we can  start tonight and let it bleed over into tomorrow.""My guest room is your  guest room, DiNozzo, let's go."Springing up like a Labrador, full of energy now, Tony grabbed his  backpack.  "Need me to pick up  anything on the way home?  I mean, to  your home."Something visceral in Gibbs  enjoyed the idea that Tony thought of Gibbs' house as home.  "Nope.   See you in a few."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony/Gibbs
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Tony/Gibbs
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton

