Chapter 1: The Lonely
    




Chapter Text

All his life, he’d been the underdog. A thinker amongst warriors, a trickster in a world of those who hated tricks. And prince though he may have been by title, it was evident to all that he was not well loved. Not by his so-called parents, not by Thor. Not by anybody. And for so very long, he had wondered – why was it that he was different? Why was Thor worth so much more than he?


The answer only revealed itself many years later, and by then, of course, he could no longer be saved.

**********************
The cell in which he lay was decidedly claustrophobic, all unforgiving stone and fathomless darkness. Loki stared into the abyss, feeling as if the walls were pressing in on him. Part of him wished they truly would, and end his misery. He remained motionless on the frigid ground as footsteps approached his cage, holding his breath and listening to heeled boots tap out a staccato rhythm, echoing through lonely corridors like bell tolls in a clock tower. His fingers spasmed unwillingly as the footsteps neared the door, a wild hope blooming in him; he didn’t care if it was Thor, or Odin, or Thanos himself, as long as it was someone. But, as always, the person passed, along with Loki’s hope. He let out a quiet sob of loneliness. Was this to be his eternity? Trapped forever in total isolation, with no magic, nor company, nor sunlight, because he had been so weak as to bend to the will of the Chitauri? Perhaps it was for the best.
Loki rolled on to his back lethargically, clawing at the stone beneath his hands with splintered fingernails. In here, there was no escape from those black thoughts that plagued him in silent moments. He had long since slept by candlelight, and Thor had laughed, but Loki hadn’t cared, because only reflections on his sins waited for him in the dark. In the night, his children, dead and alive, bound and banished, called to him with thin, wailing voices, begging for the comfort of his arms that he could not give them.
Sleipnir, his firstborn, forced to bear the burden of the All-father.
Fenrir, kept in chains and gagged with a sword. 
Jörmungandr, cast into the oceans of Midgard. 
Hela, thrown into Nifilheim to watch over the dead. 
And his youngest, his twins. Loki’s throat closed up at the memory of Vali, transformed by cruel sorcery into the form of a wolf, ripping Narfi apart. He had screamed himself raw at the sight of it, while the Æsir watched impassively, tying him down roughly with the still-warm entrails of his dead son.
Loki clapped his hands over his ears roughly as their pleading cries echoed in his head - pushing so hard that they throbbed - but it didn’t drown them out. They appeared before him in wraith-like form, and he wept piteously, reaching out to them with trembling hands.
‘Oh, my loves,’ he crooned, ‘I have wanted nothing more in my life than you to be by my side again. Come to me!’
But the flickering figures only stared stonily at him.
‘You failed us, Trickster,’ Hela spat angrily, ‘Parent you have not been to us, and parent you shall not be named.’
‘But, I-’
‘You did not protect us,’ Narfi cried, ‘You were the cause of my death, and Vali’s grief.’
‘I-I never-’
‘Loath am I to call you mother,’ Sleipnir hissed, dark and thin in human form, ‘for you are only a pitiless monster.’
Loki could find little to say. He stared at each of his children in turn, tears trickling down his face.
‘I-I am so sorry that I was not good enough,’ he choked hoarsely, ‘I love you all beyond anything and anyone that has ever existed.’
The ghosts of his children merely stared at him in abject loathing, and one by one, began to disappear.
‘N-no!’ Loki screamed, ‘I love you! Don’t leave- please, please – don’t leave me!’
The children however, continued to disappear one by one, leaving behind the echoes of cold, cruel eyes, until only Jormungandr remained. In human form, red eyed and pallid-skinned, he knelt on one knee in front of Loki.
‘Oh, my Jör, I love you so much,’ Loki whispered, nervously twitching his fingers towards his face.
Jörmungandr smiled almost kindly, tilting his head to one side.
‘But what is love worth…’ he trilled sweetly, ‘… when it comes from a monster?’
He disappeared immediately, and Loki’s face crumpled as he scrabbled at thin air.
‘No! No! Don’t leave me! My children! My children!’ he screamed brokenly, sobbing so hard that breath eluded him.
Behind the door, a guard watched nervously as his prisoner wailed and whimpered at thin air, rocking himself like a tiny child.
Perhaps something needed to be done.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Torture
Aftermath of Torture

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

