Work Text:
It’s the scream that wakes him, ear-splitting and horrifying as it’s wretched from his lungs and pulls him out of the clutches of phantom memory nightmares. His throat hurts. His head spins. His heart drums against his ribs. Bucky grabs at his left arm, the pains in it agonizing as it’s crushed under the weight of the debris that crashes all around him and his team.“Bucky!” someone cries. He doesn’t recognize the voice. Too much noise. Screaming. Crying. Bullets flying all around. Chaos. Bucky slams his eyes closed. He can’t watch them all die. All around him. Again and again. The men he was supposed to lead, supposed to protect. His men. “Bucky, come on, buddy, look at me, see me!”Hands touch him. He screams. Please, he begs, not again. “Barnes,” he mutters. Starts the chain of relentless mumbles that will become his only thought. “James, Buchanan, 3-2-5-5-7-0-3-8…”“Bucky, come on, open your eyes,” says that very same voice. Soft and gentle. “You’re safe. You’re in a hotel in Washington D.C. No one’s gonna hurt you.”Soaked in sweat and trembling all over, Bucky does as the voice requests and eases his eyes open. His vision is blurry. The room spins around him. A room he doesn’t recognize. A hotel, he was told. In Washington D.C. Yes, that’s right. Bucky remembers that as the spinning gradually comes to a stop. This is where he’s supposed to be -- where he fell asleep. Vision beginning to clear, it takes a few more moments to see where the voice is coming from. A pair of concerned blue eyes look down at him. A warm face, Bucky recognizes. Knows. Loves. And a rush of relief runs through him like a river breaking through a tormenting dam. “Clint?”Seated at the side of Bucky’s bed, Clint smiles and nods. “Hey, buddy. Everything’s okay. You’re safe, Buck. Totally safe.”Safe, yes. In a hotel room in Washington D.C. with one of his best friends, Clint Barton, and not trapped under broken concrete with shrapnel in his arm having to watch his men fall. That doesn’t stop the shaking. Doesn’t keep the sudden pain of burning tears in Bucky’s eyes as he heaves himself upright. It’s not just sweat he’s soaked in after this night terror. “Shit,” he mumbles. “I… fuck…” Bucky can’t think straight. Can’t breathe right. He rubs at his eyes and flings the blankets away while Clint tries to tell him to take it easy. “Slow down, buddy,” he says. “You gotta take it easy after that.” A hand touches Bucky’s shoulder, but Bucky gasps and jerks away. Clint throws his palms up and winces at his own blunder. “Right. No touching. Sorry, Buck.” Shaking his head, over and over, Bucky tries to mutter an apology, gets out something nonsensical and incoherent, and snatches the pack of cigarettes off the nightstand next to him before darting into the bathroom with Clint calling after him. He’s leaned up against the door, trying with all his might to keep from breaking down while Clint stands just outside. Clint doesn’t try to come in, he doesn’t even knock. All he does is assure Bucky that he’s there, reminds him that he’s safe again, and asks him just to say something. “Anything, buddy, just lemme know you’re with me.”Smothering down a built up sob with the palms of his hands, Bucky sucks in a rough and shaky breath. He nods and somehow gathers enough sense to realize that Clint isn’t able to see that. Bucky musters up the most strength he can in the moment to answer. “I’m fine.” His voice is thick with the tears that have broken through his carefully placed shield. “I’m fine.” He whispers it over and over, probably trying to convince himself now rather than Clint. “I’m fine. I’m fine.”Bucky stays pinned against the door muttering to himself like that for several more minutes, chasing away the lingering shadows of his nightmare and flashback. Until the sobbing stops and his breathing slows and his heart isn’t beating frantically. It’s only then that he slowly realizes his sweats feel gross as they stick uncomfortably to him. A new round of tears burn his eyes as he peels out of his soiled clothes. It’s been months since he’s had one this bad. As he tosses his wet clothes into the sink and lets them soak in soapy water, he decides it’s this place and what he’s here for this weekend that’s probably triggered him. Not wanting to think about it any more than he needs to, Bucky climbs into the shower to wash himself down. He stands under the hot spray of water until his skin is burning and he just can’t take it anymore. When he steps out of the shower and into the steamy bathroom, Bucky leaves the water running. He likes the noise and if he starts crying again -- which he doesn’t think he’ll do, but just in case -- he’d rather the sounds of his pathetic weeping to be covered so Clint doesn’t worry. Towel around his waist, he doesn’t bother drying off. Bucky just sits on the floor against the tub, grabs that pack of cigarettes he brought in with him, and smokes through half of it before feeling up to facing the world again. Even if the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Explicit Sexual Content
Sequel
Captain America Steve
Modern Bucky Barnes
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flashbacks
Second Chances
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Sub!Bucky
Dom!Steve
Light BDSM
Fluff and Angst
Falling In Love
Dating
Fluff and Smut
Happy Ending
Love Confessions
Nightmares
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

