Work Text:

Part I.


"Steve and Bucky" by cottonwoolballs.“Hi,” says the gorgeous tall man who just got on the bus. “Mind if I?” he asks, gesturing to the empty window seat next to Bucky.“Here, lemme,” Bucky says, scooting over to let the guy sit on the aisle.“Thanks,” he says, then adds, “Full bus.”Bucky hums in agreement and goes back to his paperback. He’d usually at least try to make some small talk, but given the hairstyle and khakis, Bucky isn’t sure that this guy won’t try to convert him to some apocalyptic sect of Christianity. Though, Bucky muses, the guy is more likely a well-meaning but lost tourist, but it’s less romantic to think of him like that. Either way, he oozes Iowa-born heterosexuality.A few minutes pass, and Bucky feels increasingly uncomfortable. The reason? The fidgeting. The guy next to him keeps moving around, sighing, and slowly inching into Bucky’s space. Bucky took Intro to Gender Studies; he knows about Manspreading. But while most dudes seem to be pretty oblivious to their bodies, this guy seems like a baby gazelle, completely unsure of where his legs are or what they’re doing. He’s wiggling around in a way that doesn’t make Bucky angry — just a little concerned. It isn’t until the guy’s thigh is pressed up against Bucky’s that Bucky clears his throat.And then he clears his throat again, this time a little louder.The guy just sighs again, looking forlornly at the back of the seat in front of him. He’s not even on a phone or anything, just doing nothing besides looking sad and uncomfortable.“Hey, uh,” Bucky says. The guy nearly jumps out of his skin, leg moving in the process, making Bucky sort of unsure how to continue.“Everything alright?” the guy asks, looking… actually concerned. He’s looking at Bucky with these sad baby blues, sort of intense, but uniquely sweet.“Oh, your leg was just, uh, touchin’ mine? ‘Is not a big deal, but.”He looks like he’s going to cry. “I’m sorry,” he says, actually apologetic. He looks down at his legs, confused, like they’ve personally insulted him. “Sometimes it’s hard to keep track of…” He clears his throat, looking back up. “I noticed your book,” he says, glancing down at the paperback Bucky’s holding. “Torment? I read Better Angel a while back. Is that another book by Forman Brown?”Bucky shakes his head. “Nah, they republished Better Angel under this name in the fifties. I like Better Angel better, though. Emphasizes the fact that this is, like, the first not-tragic gay love story.”The guy chuckles, low. He glances back down, and Bucky notices how long his eyelashes are. He’s just got really gorgeous eyes, and Bucky is not afraid to say so. In his head. Not out loud.“I don’t think I’ve seen somebody reading Better Angel since…” He pauses, eyes widening a little before he clears his throat. “In a while,” he ends. “Where’d you hear about it?”“I’m in a Queer Literature of the Twentieth Century class at NYU.”The guy’s eyes seem to bug out of his head. “That’s a class?” he asks.Feeling suddenly defensive, Bucky nods. “Yeah,” he says, “Completely full this semester.”“That’s…” The guy trails off, huffs a breath. “That’s amazing,” he says, quietly, looking down. “Completely amazing.”“It’s uh, a great class,” Bucky says slowly, a little confused about why this guy seems so emotional about a 400-level English course.“Would they let someone who isn’t a student take it?” he asks.“Honestly? I dunno. They let James Franco take a film class, so there’s a chance.”“James…?” he starts.“Mediocre actor. He was in the Spider-Man movies?” Bucky tries. This guy seems normal enough to have watched Spider-Man; everyone’s seen Spider-Man! (Except for maybe the real Spider-Man, who Bucky likes to think would be mildly offended at the plot of Spider-Man 3.)The guy smiles, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “Sorry, I know I sound a little strange.”Bucky shrugs. “I go to NYU; I’ve seen stranger.” He pauses. “Are you from around here?” he asks.“That’s a seventy year-long story.” Bucky raises an eyebrow. “I haven’t been here in a long time.”Bucky nods. “Guessed that from the khakis.”“There’s something wrong with them?” the guy asks, looking down at his pants.“Nothin’ wrong, but it’s probably been a while since anybody’s worn khakis in Williamsburg without tryin’ to be ironic.”“Oh!” he says, almost excited. “Hipsters, right?”Bucky nods. “Yeah, hipsters.”“Different than it used to be.”Bucky snorts. “You sound like my bubbe.”“She lived in Williamsburg?”“Flatbush. Her ma was Polish and dad was Irish. Seemed like a nice compromise.”The guy laughs. “I remember,” he starts, then stops, abrupt. He shakes his head. “Never mind.”They fall into an awkward silence. Bucky doesn’t start reading again; he doesn’t have enough time left before his stop to get back into it. Instead he unzips his backpack and slips the book inside.“Sorry,” the guy says, and Bucky looks up, “For interrupting you.”“No big deal,” Bucky says. The guy smiles — again, it’s a little sad, and still doesn’t quite reach h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
modern!Bucky
cap!steve - Freeform
Modern! Bucky Cap!Steve
Cap!Steve Modern!Bucky
Shrunkyclunks
AU
Graduate School
Big Bang Challenge
Stucky Big Bang 2016
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

