Chapter 1





Chapter Text
1:Steve hated galas. In fact, he hated any PR event that he was always forced to attend. They were loud and fancy and involved too many people he didn’t know, all with different motives. It unnerved the soldier in him (not to mention the socially awkward tiny-Steve that had never gone away, even after getting super-serumed up.)That’s why, three months after all the Avengers have moved into the tower and Tony tells them all that they’re needed to appear at an annual function for the Maria Stark Foundation, Steve has to take a few deep breaths and bite back a sigh. His USO days were only remembered with a taste of sickness in his mouth and the feeling of shakes wracking through his body. He had always hated public speaking of any kind, and the thought of having to sit and socialize with people he didn’t know for hours truly horrified him.He didn’t know what was wrong with him. Everyone else was fine with public outings except him. Because even the serum couldn’t fix some things. But he always goes. Because he is Team Leader, and he has to set a good example.(Unfortunately.) “It won’t be that bad, Steve, I promise.” Tony reassured him, hurrying along to keep up with Steve’s long strides.Steve just raised one singular eyebrow, and continued forward.“Okay, okay, it’s gonna be a full night of absolute shit- buuuuuuutttt, it’s for a good cause! And Steve Rogers LOVES good causes, right? Good causes turn him on.” Tony continues, smirking at the sight of red crawling up Steve’s cheeks.That always happened whenever Tony flirted with him. He didn’t know why, it’s not like he was embarrassed by anything dirty, like Tony thought was the reason behind it. It was just the fact that…well, it was Tony. Pretty, funny, charming, who-smelt-like coconut-and-was-way-out-of-Steve’s-league Tony. (But let’s not go there yet. Denial is a beautiful thing.) “What part of me being there will benefit the cause? I can’t even ask the waiters to bring me a spoon, how the fuck am I ever expected to schmooze with all the big-boys and girls of New York? That’s your job, Mr. I-can-stop-wars-with-my-charm-and-pizzazz Stark.” Steve replied, wishing that he was walking toward his room just because he wanted to go to bed, and not because he had to get his dress uniform ready for the first time since coming out of the ice.“Okay, well there are so may topics I want to bring up about that last sentence, but I am going with the most important one first- did you actually just say pizzazz? Like, un-ironically?” Tony asked, beginning a light jog as Steve’s pace increased.“Tony?”“Yes, dear?”“I hate you.”“Why thank you,”“I don’t think that was a compliment, Tony.”“You don’t think? You were the one who said it, you should probably know.”“Okay. I hate you and it was definitely not a compliment because it is 100% true and you are the worst person I have ever had the misfortune of meeting in my 90-odd years of existence. you also have a weird beard. Goodbye.” Steve said, rolling his eyes and grinning a little as he jogged off toward his bedroom in order to escape from the maniac who was now running to keep up with him.“Awww, Stevie, baby, you wound me. And thE BEARD IS NOT WEIRD, IT’S FASHIONABLE YOU IGNORANT HERMIT!” Tony shouted, as Steve turned into his room and willed himself not to look back at Tony’s laughing face.  The room was huge, and insanely crowded. People drifted in and out, mingling and socializing with drinks in their hands and smiles on their faces. Steve knew that he should probably talk to some people- these folks loved Captain America, and that usually meant that their wallets were much looser than they would be for anyone else.So he sidled up to a nearby conversation and put in a smile or two, dropped a few names and said a few words, and then moved on to the next crowd of people, trying to quell the constant unease in his stomach.He could see the others doing the same, Natasha having one-on-one conversations with various patrons, an uncharacteristic smile on her face- Clint laughing along with a group of people in the center of the room. Bruce was quietly talking with a few fellow scientists on a table in the corner, and seemed to be getting pretty into the subject matter, if his hand gestures were anything to go by.But it was Tony who caught his eye.This was the first PR event where the Avengers had all gone out together, usually it was just Tony who attended. And from what he was looking at now, Steve could see why he was the obvious choice.The man was currently at the bar, and was holding court with at least ten different people. In one hand there was a cocktail, and the other was resting gently on a woman’s shoulder. He was talking, grinning away as everyone laughed at a joke he had just told them. Every person in the circle seemed to have eyes only for Tony, and he held their attention so easily, Steve wondered how he himself could possibly find it so demanding just having a short conversation with one pers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Oblivious Tony
Pre-Slash
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Feels
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Is Always Saving Steve's Ass
Steve gets kidnapped
Hurt Steve Rogers
Steve Needs To Get His Head Out Of His Ass
Steve Has Issues
Steve Can't Talk To Other Humans
And Aint That Relatable
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Basically Just 22k Worth Of Protective Boyfriends
Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Very Mild non-con
But like very very mild
POV Steve Rogers
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Tony Loves The Team
and Steve - Freeform
5+1 Things
Getting Together
First Kiss
kidnap
Panic Attacks
I'm Sorry This Is Just 22k Worth Of Tony Being A Protective Boyfriend

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

