Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Phil has gotten used to it.  Suppressing his heats, maintaining his collection of knotting dildos and his consummate professionalism with the same obsessive dedication.  He does not mind being single.  He does not.  He can have things just as he likes them in his neat (lonely) little house, and there's no one telling him when to come in or where to go.  People like to think imprinting can solve any problem, but Phil is old enough to have seen his share of unhappy couples.  It's probably better this way.Clint is just glad to be out of reform school and trying to do it right for a change.  It's still a fucking trip, riding the yellow schoolbus with all the other kids.  Fourteen-year-old brats who've never been kissed packed in with an eighteen-year-old who would have a felony record if he hadn't been a juvenile at the time.  And under the influence of a big brother now doing twenty years.  They'd take time off for good behavior, but he'd have to show them some first.  Clint isn't holding his breath.Teaching high school puts Phil around more and more intense bonding, heat, and rut than possibly any other job, but he's used to it.  His own heat is right around the bend, but he has at least another day and suppressants in his bag anyway.  As well as a nice, restful free period first thing in the morning.  One of the benefits of being one of the principal's oldest friends, and Phil has given up feeling guilty about it.  Instead he takes advantage of the quiet to sip his coffee and go over his lesson plans.  It's a moment before the bell rings for second period that he realizes something is amiss and the warmth in his belly isn't due to coffee.Clint likes Mr. Coulson's class.  He's not even good at math, bur Mr. Coulson is good at explaining it.  He's also funny in an understated kind of way, generous with his time and his help, and is pretty much never mean to anybody without being a pushover.  Clint has a massive crush on him, but damned if he'll own up to it.  He knows how kind Mr. Coulson would be about it and that he couldn't bear the gentle pity that would shine in those blue eyes.  He's thinking about this as he comes through the door, and then he's not thinking at all because the most perfect scent in the world has wrapped around his brain.There's a panic button in every classroom for situations just like this, and Phil slaps it as he scrabbles for his suppressants.  This almost never happens to him, but when his heat comes on early it comes on strong, and he can barely breathe, let alone fully register his class's concern.  They have to be in here, they have to be in here somewhere and then he just drops the bag, weak in the knees because he never knew it was possible for an alpha to smell this fucking perfect.Nick is glad to be a bonded omega, because that means he can wade into this chaotic mess and get Phil's class out of the room into the hands of the safety officers.  He's gladder to be such good friends with Phil that he'll probably get over Nick seeing him like this.  Which is to say on his knees and whimpering helplessly as one of his students bites his neck.  Both of them are just gone, Phil melted in the kid's arms, head shamelessly cranked to the side to give his boy more to bite.  The kid (Barton, Nick is pretty sure, transferred in for his last year) is growling happily and, Nick is pleased to see, really marking Phil up proper.  He lets go for a moment and Phil mewls miserably and then coos in pleasure as Barton shoves him forward onto his hands and knees.  Badly as Phil needs this, Nick can't let the kid mount him here.  Neither of them are going to listen to reason, so he just takes two tranquilizer syringes from the nurse and jabs them both, Barton snarling ferociously before he passes out.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Nick Fury/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Rebecca Anything But Banner

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
not using the underage warning because Clint is eighteen
Sexual Harassment
Bullying
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
References to Domestic Violence
Pregnancy
Babies

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Nick Fury/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Rebecca Anything But Banner

