Chapter 1: A Sadness Runs Through Him
    




Chapter Text
Part OneChapter One: A Sadness Runs Through Him
People are puppets, held together with string. There’s a beautiful sadness that runs through him; as he asked me to pray to a God he doesn't believe in.
He brings his shaking hands to reach into the bag on the counter top. He wraps cold fingers around the small box, pulling it out and ripping the top off. He grips onto the little piece of plastic inside the box and pulls it out, setting the box down and reading the instructions on the back of it. He carries out all of the instructions, and sets the piece of plastic on the counter as he waits for the results. He finally glances up at himself in the mirror. He looks like shit. His lip is hardly healing from it’s most recent splitting tear, his eye is painfully bruised. His hair is long and shaggy, from not being aloud to cut it for several months. He’s scarily skinny, when he lifts his shirt, he can see his ribs; something he hadn’t been able to do since he turned twelve.A timer chimes on the counter, and he tears his eyes away from his reflection. He drops his shirt from his hands and picks the piece of plastic up again. There are two little blue lines. He hardly makes it to the toilet before vomiting noisily into it. He kneels there in front of the dirty toilet, vomiting until all he’s doing is dry heaving into the bowl. What is he gonna do? He doesn’t have long to think about it, before he hears the front door open and loud voices arguing as his foster parents enter the house. He reacts quickly, getting up off the floor and flushing the toilet and grabbing the box and test, shoving them both into the bag and into the bag in the trash can near the toilet. He grabs that bag and ties it shut before rinsing his mouth out and washing his hands. He opens the door and quietly walks towards the kitchen, to use the back door to get to the trash out back. He doesn’t make it all the way out the door before his faster father enters the kitchen.“Where do you think you’re going, dummy?” his foster father asks, and he sucks in a quick breath. He turns to look at the man questioning him.The man is in his early fifties, and he looks much older. His hair, what little of it he has, is grey, though it used to be jet black, and is as close to a combover as it can be. His skin is pale and oily. He has a huge beer belly and usually wears sweat-stained white T-shirts and suspenders on his beat up jeans. Though he is used to his foster father, he finds himself wanting to vomit again just from looking at him. Knowing what he’d done, what was inside him. He shuddered as he held up his trash bag. “Just taking the trash out, is all.”“Whatever, your mother is going out so make your way back in to say goodbye before we have our fun.” The man smirks his dirty smirk, and he feels dread pool in his gut. He nods and leaves, practically running to the trash can to throw the bag away before leaning against it, crying and holding his heaving stomach. It’s completely empty, so he knows he won’t be vomiting any time soon. But it doesn’t stop his stomach from trying to expel what it doesn’t have. Tears burn paths down his cheeks. When he finally feels his stomach give up it’s efforts, he dries his face with his hand and heads back to the house.He says goodbye to his foster mother, wishing she’d stay. He knew, despite the fact that he had never actually told her, that she knew what her husband did to him nearly every day. She had never been around when it happened. She was thirty years old, but looked much older from several years of marriage with his foster father and from years of being addicted to heroin. She had long bottle blonde hair, that fell into loose curls. She often wore leather pants and boots and tank tops that showed off all of her cleavage. He knew she had been sold to his foster father like a sex slave. And he had forced her into marriage and had forced her to use drugs. Then they signed up to be foster parents. And, nearly two years ago, had been given Clint. The people told his foster parents that he was a really hard to place teenager, and that they probably wouldn’t have any luck with him. His foster father had simply smirked his dirty smirk and said he’d be able to manage him.And he was right; raping a teenager nearly every day was an effective way to make him obedient.Clint Barton had never thought any differently about alphas and betas and omegas before he’d met his foster father. He’d presented as an omega, much to everyone’s surprise. And he’d still remained the same sarcastic, defiant kid he’d always been. And he had friends who were all across the different secondary genders. And they had all been very different. The stereotypes didn’t always fit, and so Clint had never before had a reason to think that any secondary gender was worse than another. He had never feared alphas before his foster father.But now, as he watched his foster mother drive her junk of a car do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Phil Coulson
Omega Clint Barton
Rape
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Beta Bruce Banner
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Abuse
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

