Chapter 1: StarkPhone
    




Chapter Text
“Mr. Stark,” says an oil-smooth voice behind him, and that’s as far as Loki gets before Tony spins around, throws his wrench blindly in Loki’s direction, and shouts for Jarvis to lock down the Tower and get the Avengers here.Loki raises his hands placatingly and walks forward, completely undisturbed by the wrench; Tony glances past him and sees it lying on the floor nowhere near where the path through Loki’s head should have taken it. Loki keeps coming closer, leather coat swaying with every step, and Tony stands his ground because he knows what Loki can do and moving back won’t make any difference to the time it would take Loki to kill him.“Jarvis…?” he says, because Jarvis hasn’t answered him, and this is bad, very bad.“Peace, Mr. Stark,” Loki says, and smiles like that might make him look less dangerous. “I am not here to harm you.”He stops just inside Tony’s personal space bubble, and tilts his head, clearly wondering what Tony’s going to do about it.Tony faces down media hordes, Fury, and Pepper on a day-to-day basis. He can handle one psychotic Norse god, right? “Well, excuse me for not taking the word of the God of Lies at face value.”Loki shrugs one shoulder, way too elegantly for his own good. “Believe it or not as you wish, but I seek nothing but a favor.”“A favor.” Where the hell is his team? And why hasn’t Jarvis said anything?If the team’s not here by now then they’re not coming, and if Loki’s downed Jarvis then he’s not coming back. Tony’s on his own.“Yes.” Loki leans in a little bit closer, all menacing height and pretty green eyes-What the fuck?Panic, that’s what that was, panic making him think crazy things, because of course Loki’s eyes aren’t pretty, look at them - all bright and deep and emotive, who’d want those?“I am reliably informed that Stark Industries manufactures the best technology this world has to offer.”Okay, non-sequitur like whoa. “Yes…”Loki smiles again. “Thor will tell you that I never settle for anything but the best.”“Right…”“I also believe that, for a special fee, the StarkPhone can be custom-built to the buyer’s specifications.”How does Loki know so much about consumer culture and technology in general and Stark Industries in particular? Thor still doesn’t believe that pop-tarts aren’t made in the supermarket!“All true.”“So.” Loki spreads his hands, the picture of reasonableness. “I desire such a phone. As to your fee, I am aware that no amount of money given to you now would make you any richer. I also highly doubt you would wish payment from any sources I have access to. So.”Then there’s a rush as Loki drops, a thunk as his knees hit the floor, and Tony looks down to see the dark head leaning in towards his crotch and-Okay, that’s definitely far enough!“The hell do you think you’re doing?”Loki tips his head back and meets Tony’s eyes, one eyebrow raised in a skeptical yet graceful arch. “I assumed you wanted payment up front. Was I wrong?”Payment?Oh, right.Tony’s hands go damp - really his whole body goes damp, and his blood starts swirling down his body to his groin. But even he is not about to take this no questions asked. “Well, yeah, but give a guy some warning.”Loki sighs like he’s dealing with an idiot, but his glance up isn’t quite as scathing as he was probably aiming for. “I am going to take your cock in my mouth and show you why they call me Silvertongue until you come down my throat. I am going to swallow every drop of your seed and find my own pleasure or not at your command. And when you can stand without shaking, you are going to make me a StarkPhone to my exact description.”“Oh.”Okay, he’s technically an Avenger, so supplying the enemy probably counts as treason, not to mention he’ll be pulp if Thor ever finds out what Tony’s about to do to his baby brother. But Loki could just buy a phone at any stand in the city, or hold a knife to Tony’s neck instead - it’s not like Tony can actually stop him from getting a phone, and if Tony makes it himself he’ll know exactly what it does.And Loki looks fantastic down there, on his knees, waiting patiently for Tony’s word, head tipped back so his long black hair looks even longer, showing off the tall pale column of his throat, the tails of his coat spread across the floor-And Tony’s told the others plenty of times that he’s not a hero.“Accepted.”He is kind of a jerk, though, which is why when he pushes his hips forward, he also stretches his arms up and tucks his hands behind his head.Loki gives him a little bit of a glare, enough to let Tony know that he’s perfectly aware that Tony’s making him do all the work, but it’s apparently not a deal-breaker. Long white fingers reach out for Tony’s belt, pull the end through the loops of his jeans and unbuckle it slowly. Loki’s touch is delicate and measured, perfectly in control, nothing like the crazy wildly-flung spells he prefers to fight them with. Tony’s belt falls open, and Loki takes the button of his jeans and pops it,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Mildly Dubious Consent
Tony's priorities are messed up
But so are Loki's
Developing Relationship
FrostIron - Freeform
hints of Dom/Sub
Porn with pretensions of plot

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

