Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
A gentle summer breeze brought the smell of lilacs and salt spray through the cracked window.  The sun was a full hand into the sky already.  Steve Rogers had been awake for hours but, after the resurgence of HYDRA activity and the latest round with Doctor Doom, it felt too good to just be still.The intercom in the wall buzzed and Tony Stark’s voice shattered the perfect quiet.  “Daylight’s a-wasting, Cap.”It had been good while it lasted.Steve pushed himself up and out of bed.  Once he was moving, it was easy to fall into the usual routine.  He still showered in under two minutes and was fully dressed in under five.  He left the guest room wearing khaki shorts and a white t-shirt, flip flops slapping against the tile as he walked.  This was Tony’s beach house, one of many, and Tony had a strict dress code.  “Morning, Cap,” Natasha said without looking up from her coffee and the day’s newspaper.“Are you guys ever going to call me Steve?” he asked mildly as he reached for the coffee pot.  “We’re on vacation.”“Avengers don’t take vacations,” she corrected.Clint was grinning as he entered the kitchen through the French doors that lead out to the deck; he was already coated with sand and salt from surfing.  “No one’s come up with any good nicknames for you yet.”Steve pulled a mug from the cupboard and filled it with coffee.  “Tony calls me plenty of names.”  “The workplace appropriate kind.”  Clint winked before he opened the fridge and half disappeared into it as he hunted for either breakfast or lunch, depending on how long he’d been out.“Well, as long as the world isn’t ending--”“Cap!”  Clint’s head snapped out around the refrigerator door.  “You didn’t.”“He did,” Natasha sighed, shaking her head and making quiet tsk-tsk sounds against her teeth.“Wait, what?”  Steve looked back and forth between them, confused.  “What did I do?”“Jinxed us.  Now the world’s gonna end.”  Clint disappeared again, reappearing with a stack of plastic bins in his arms.  He kicked the doors shut with his heel and unloaded his bounty onto the kitchen counter.  “Everyone knows as soon as you say that, boom.  Anything goes wrong today, Cap, and it’s your fault.”Steve couldn’t help but smile.  He sipped at the coffee and savored the natural sweetness.  The others teased him about not adding sugar and cream, but he still couldn’t believe it was actually coffee.  It sure wasn’t the coffee he’d been used to during the War.  He followed after Clint, piling a plate high with whatever leftovers were appealing; Tony’s idea of a quiet vacation getaway involved a caterer.  He closed up each plastic bin when he was done and put them away, knowing Clint would forget and leave them out.  Sure enough, as soon as he’d eaten, Clint was headed back out to the ocean with single-minded determination.“You enable him,” Natasha said with disapproval.“I don’t mind.”  Steve put the last of the leftovers away, gathered up his coffee and the plate of cold macaroni salad and a thrown together sandwich, and took a seat at the end of the bar.  “Where is Tony anyway?”“Out on his yacht trying to catch something.”  Steve wasn’t the only one who wasn’t particularly interested in sharing Tony’s latest obsession with sport fishing.  He was mildly irritated that Tony would wake him up from the yacht, however, rather than be there to do it in person, but that was typical Tony.  He ate without hurrying, still a concept he was getting used to, and washed it all down with more coffee.  Once he was done, he added the dirty dishes to the dishwasher.  It was full, so he added a pack of cleaning detergent and set it going.He was more than a little proud that he’d learned how to run a dishwasher.  It was about the only piece of machinery or electronics in any of Stark’s houses or buildings that he knew how to work.Pepper came in from the patio; she was wearing a pale blue sundress that reminded Steve of the ocean.  “Good morning, Steve.  Tony and I thought you might want to do some sightseeing.  There’s a full tank of gas in the convertible and I brought home all the maps I could get my hands on.”  She was smiling so brightly; Steve could see exactly why Tony loved her.  Before he could protest, she was pulling out handfuls of maps and brochures from her woven beach bag.  “There’s so much to see and Tony said you’d never been to California before.”“That’s right, ma’am.  Thank you.”  He accepted the brochures and maps, spreading them out neatly on the counter.  Natasha leaned over, cupping her coffee mug like it was a lifeline, to get a better look at them.  He smiled because he knew Tony would have handed him a cell phone with all the maps programmed into it and rolled his eyes when Steve couldn’t get it to work, but Pepper  knew he felt more at ease with paper in his hands.  Nodding to the colorful spread, he asked Natasha, “Want to tag along?”“As lovely as the offer is, Cap, I’ve got a date with some sun tan lotion.”  Pepper held out th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Male Slash
but vagued it up
Steve's a good guy
Loki's a mess
Christmas fic
this is as fluffy as I will ever get
this fic is not a sex ed lesson

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

