Chapter 1: The Will
    


        Chapter by faeleverte, Kathar, Laura Kaye (laurakaye)




Chapter Text

 I, Phillip [REDACTED] Coulson, presently of the District of Columbia, being of sound mind, declare this my last will and testament. 

 Preliminary Declarations 
 I revoke all prior Wills and Codicils.

I am not married.

I do not have any living children.

The term “child” or “children” used in this my will includes the above listed children and any children of mine that are subsequently born or legally adopted.
  Executor 
 I appoint Nicholas Fury as my Personal Representative to administer this Will, and ask that he be permitted to serve without Court supervision and without posting bond. If Nicholas Fury is unwilling or unable to serve, then I appoint Maria Hill to serve as my Personal Representative, and ask that she be permitted to serve without Court supervision and without posting bond. 
Clint frankly stopped listening as the wizened little SHIELD lawyer, so old she probably came on with Director Carter, droned on, giving directions for Phil’s funeral and the disposition of his home. Of all the things Clint had thought he’d be doing in the aftermath of the Battle of New York, sitting with some twenty other people, most of whom had known Phil more or less intimately in his time, and listening to the reading of his will, had not been at the top of his list.Not because he hadn’t known Phil had died-- Natasha had told him that in the Quinjet, when the sting of it would be buried under the adrenaline rush of fighting several bajillion invading aliens. Clint had just never thought of Phil as having a will. Oh, he was a will-and-testament kind of person, no doubt. He liked to do things properly. (This despite the fact that his legendary love of paperwork was heavy on the fable and extremely light on the fact.) But  will  implied  dead , and despite their lines of work, Clint had never, ever been able to imagine Phil… gone.He stirred a little when the lawyer started getting to the personal bequests, like everyone else in the room. And then sat up straight at the end of the first three bequests.“... I devise, bequeath, and give the remainder of my collection of recorded music, as well as the enclosed letter, to Audrey Nathan of Portland, Oregon,” the lawyer said, then looked up at the young woman, who had her hands carefully folded in her lap. Clint had avoided looking at her for longer than it took to press her hand; it wasn’t jealousy, he told himself. He’d just never known how to behave around her. “Ms Nathan,” the lawyer continued, then glanced at the two other civilians who’d been present, a kind of second cousin twice removed and a fellow Captain America collector who’d come in for a share of Phil’s collection, “Mr Renault, Ms Taliaferro, the rest of this will is classified. Thank you for your attendance, but you will have to leave for the rest of the reading.” --- A whisper ran around the room. The cousin looked puzzled, the Cap fan shocked. Audrey, Clint noticed, didn’t seem surprised, only resigned. Obviously she knew what Phil did--had done--for a living, seeing as how they met because of it, but Clint had never really considered how she’d felt about dating a spy. Of course, when Clint considered Phil in a romantic context, he tended more toward fond memories and wistful musings about what might happen, if they ever again found themselves in a place where having a relationship wouldn’t interfere with saving the world. Director Fury escorted the civilians out of the room. When the soundproof door had closed behind them, the lawyer cleared her throat again. “In accordance with section 4573 part A of the Convention on World Security, the following portions of this will are classified WSC Level Three.” To Clint’s right, a small group of people sat up straighter. They were all Level Threes, he was pretty sure, a group of promising up-and-comers that Phil had been mentoring in the handler training program. The lawyer turned the page. “I devise, bequeath, and give my unopened bottle of The Macallan 25 Year Old Sherry Oak Whisky and the black four-inch three ring binder located in my bottom-left desk drawer to Trinh Nguyen, Joseph Rollette, Erisa Magambo, and Sarah Reade. You are a credit to the agency and I was proud to work with you. The binder contains my compiled notes on best practices for handling active field agents. The bottle contains a damn fine whisky. I have found very few situations arising in my career that could not be addressed by one or the other.” “Oh,” Agent Reade let out a muffled sob. “Oh,  sir. ” She had one arm in a sling and her face was bruised. Clint hadn’t asked how it had happened; he was afraid to find out. Rollette and Nguyen, on either side of her, made comforting noises. “Agent Coulson regarded you very highly, Agents,” the Director said. “I look forward to seeing you carry on his legacy at SHIELD in the future.” “Thank you, sir,” Agent Magambo said quietly. The lawyer p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
unusual bequests
Canon Temporary Character Death
Round Robin
of course it'll have a happy ending we know what we're about
Daily Phlint
Mentor Phil Coulson
Grief/Mourning
Conventions
tracksuit draculas
Friendship
Families of Choice
Where Was Clint Barton During Captain America 2?
Second Chances
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Cameos
Angst and Humor
Pheels
Quote: Tahiti is a Magical Place
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury Friendship
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Phil Coulson Needs a Hug
Nick Fury Needs A Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop Friendship
Road Trips
Cookies
Trans Character
Original Character(s)

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

