Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
Give much thanks to Kita42 my Beta.
I am sorry to any Sif fans I may offend. There will be redemption for her though. Maybe she and Loki will find a friendship lost long ago.




Chapter Text
Disclaimer: I do not own the characters of Thor, The Avengers, or Marvel. If you recognize any reference to certain movies it is not mine. Do not sue me. 
I stood on the balcony of my room watching Asgard’s sunrise.  Once again I found no sleep the previous night.  In fact, sleep has been evading me since I watched Loki fall into the void created by the broken Bi-Frost.  My heart had been heavy with guilt at not seeing my brother’s torment and pain that he and others caused. Loki’s silent suffering drove him to madness; madness that lead a foreign army to Midgard that killed an astonishing low number of its people. SHIELD assessed the Chitauri were taking hostages instead of killing.
No matter the death toll Loki still had to answer for his crimes, and with a saddened heart I still had to fight him. I and the Midgardian heroes prevailed over my brother. The victory was won for Midgard, but it was a loss for me. Another triumph over my brother only served to further the gap between us. I saw the anger and shame in his eyes as he was brought back to Asgard chained and gagged. To spare him more shame I bought him in through one of the secret tunnels known only to the royal family to the All-Father’s study.
Father had looked upon Loki with disappointment and sadness. He placed his hand on Loki’s shoulder only for Loki to jerk away. Loki wore a mask of cold indifference to the man who had raised him. I couldn’t blame Loki for his anger against our father.  After finding out he had been lied to for centuries, and father falling into Odinsleep; it left Loki unsure of his role in this family.  Once our mother entered the room she went straight for Loki, ignoring any warning we gave. The change within Loki was immediate. It was clear mother still had Loki’s love. Mother had always had a way with Loki. She was his champion, and what I thought as of her favorite child. She still called Loki her baby. Seeing mother with Loki, I knew he wasn’t truly gone if he still had an open heart to our mother, perhaps I could squeeze a place back inside it. Then again it might be my wishful thinking after years of neglecting him.
For centuries I was ignorant of how Loki felt. I neglected his feelings and wrote them off as jealousy as others did. Now that I think back Loki was happier when it was just the two of us, before I met my friends; if I can still call them that.  The Warriors Three and Sif had always mocked Loki and I had always overlooked their behaviors thinking they meant what they said as friendly jests.   After Loki’s fall I started to understand what vexed Loki’s soul so much. The Warriors and Sif were my friends and not Loki’s. They all accepted Loki’s death with ease; especially Sif. A week hadn’t even passed and Sif asked me to join them on a hunt. She thought it be good if I got out the palace for a while. While I took my anger out on my kills, my heart wasn’t in it. While camping I was asked rather rudely by Sif about the Bilgesnipe that crawled up my armor. I found myself taken back. Did she honestly not care? Did any of them? Did anyone besides he, and his parents care?
It was Hogun who took me aside and who was honest with me. None of the Warrior Three hated Loki but they didn’t consider him a friend.

“I can’t speak for Lady Sif, but I can speak on behalf of Volstagg, Fandral, and a few others, and we’re sorry Thor,” he said grimly.  “I never lost a brother, so I can't begin to imagine what it is you're going through right now." Hogun looked very apologetic before he spoke again. 


“Loki wasn't the most beloved person on Asgard, and we all rather see him leave than come. The truth is very few people are going to mourn Loki. They are going to mourn for you, and hope you forget about Loki in time and see Loki as they saw him.”


I practically felt the low growl coming forth to warn Hogun. “And how did they see my brother?”


Before he spoke Sif and the other warriors came through the clearing. Sif spoke the answer to my question. “He was different from the rest of us. He hid behind his magic, his lies, and he wasn’t a true warrior. He was without honor, and died the way he lived,” she spat.


It took every ounce of will power I had not to strike her for her disrespect of my brother. “Is that how you speak of the dead Sif?” I growled, challenging her.


“Loki never had my respect, nor did he have respect of any of ours; he didn’t even have yours.” 


This time I did strike out grabbing her around the neck.  The warriors frantically reached out calling for me to let go and trying to pry my finger from around her neck.  “If I were you I would mind my words more carefully,” I said finally letting go.


“He was different from us, from you,” she wheezed out. 


It was true Loki wasn’t like us. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Odin/Frigga
Thor/Loki
Tony/Loki
Thor/Jane Foster
Loki/Sigyn
Loki & Thor
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Thor
Protective Tony
Bromance
Tony identifies with Loki
Asgardian's are asses
Loki loves his mom
Post Avengers (Movie)
Partial Mind Control
Poor Loki
Loki is never helpless
OOC
Platonic Thor/Loki relationship
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Slow Build

fandom: 
Odin/Frigga
Thor/Loki
Tony/Loki
Thor/Jane Foster
Loki/Sigyn
Loki & Thor
Loki & Tony Stark

