Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony had been monitoring the goings on in Wakanda since he left the hospital AMA after Siberia. Anyone who though he wouldn't, was either stupid or delusional. He'd even done all of the hacking personally, usually keeping a constantly shifting surveillance feed open while he worked in his lab. After the first day or so, Tony gave F.R.I.D.A.Y. the responsibility of monitoring the situation, though he checked in on it every so often. He had a new plethora of entries in his schedule, including Rhodey's surgeries and PT, and non-skipable commitments for SI.When the AI gave him the first interesting update in the last month, Tony happened to be in Nairobi, Kenya. The particular project he was working on was not exactly a secret, but he was also the only person who knew about it and was involved.To keep it quiet, Tony had hacked the project into the appropriate place on the SI servers, but marked it as complete so it wouldn't attract attention until profits reached a certain amount annually. Normally, the CEO would have to approve such an endeavor personally, due to the unconventional nature of it, but Pepper hadn't spoken to Tony much since they broke up, and he didn't want to get in her way.The idea was to provide self-sustaining housing units on the city's outskirts to families from the slums. There was a screening process of sorts, but it mostly consisted of Tony talking to the adult members of the family. In part, the project was a bit of atonement for his many sins, direct help to people who needed it, and an experiment in environmentally friendly living. There was also a financial aspect, SI made charitable investments and donations, but it was first and foremost a for-profit operation.By Tony's calculations, the excess solar power that could be generated by each unit and subsequently sold, would bring in substantial profit within three years. The building and maintenance gave jobs to the locals, and two of the people with whom he had already spoken had ideas that could be turned into successful SI tech with time.One man, called Abasi, knew a fair amount about water purification, but had given it up because of difficulty finding work and the need to support his aging parents and 3 children. Kenura, a young woman supporting her 5 siblings, had ideas about solar power that Tony hadn't thought of yet. She had gone to a bit of University on scholarship, but returned when her parents died and the family fortune, what there was of it, had been stolen.When his monitoring turned up something, Tony was in Nairobi for the third time, working to finalize the regular sale of excess energy from the housing units. His first visit to the country had been to introduce his idea and find interested families, and his second had been to help with and oversee construction. He was not one to shy away from getting down and dirty, so when he could, Tony moved materials, laid out plans, and put in screws alongside the local workers. He had always been a believer in doing things with his own hands. Rhodey suggested that he just didn't trust anyone else to do it right, and there was probably more truth in the theory than Tony would admit.The third trip came to a close with a dinner cooked by both Kenura and Abasi's families after Tony set up internet for SI's newest employees and connected them with SI scientists overseas whom he trusted to work on the two projects.The inventor was on his way back to his plane when Friday informed him of the strange turn of events in Wakanda. Calling T'challa was the first order of business, and to Tony's surprise, the King picked up the call personally. "I take it you have learned of the situation here," T'challa began, not doubting for a minute that the inventor had hacked his way through Shuri's robust and usually impenetrable cyber-defenses."I'd like to know how it happened," Tony replied."Would you be able to come here? I understand it's inconvenient-""Don't worry, I'll be there as soon as I can," the inventor interrupted, "I'm in Nairobi. I'll touch down in a few hours."Not waiting for the King to reply, Tony ended the call, and began the pre-flight check. He had sent the pilot on a first class flight back to the States because he wanted to be alone. As it turned out, sending the man away was a great idea because Tony couldn't have anyone knowing that he was in Wakanda.Sitting in the cockpit, the inventor took his father's old aviator sunglasses out of a hidden compartment. Howard Stark was a great man, but he wasn't the best parent. He wasn't abusive or neglectful in the legal sense, but he was always working, and never figured out how to connect with his son. The only thing the two had managed to bond over was aviation. Well, that and their love of the Jarvis family.Howard was a skilled pilot, and he taught Tony every detail of caring for and flying planes. When his parents died, the 17 year old inventor had gone through the process, and got training he didn't need
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Kid Clint Barton
Kid Natasha Romanov
Kid Steve Rogers
Kid Sam Wilson
Kid Bucky Barnes
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Parent!Tony
Fatherhood
for like a month anyway
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Age Regression/De-Aging
curse
Magic
Team as Family
Sort Of
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Cuddling & Snuggling
Fluff and Angst
Deaf Clint Barton
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Thor Is a Good Bro
Nightmares
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
References to Illness
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Team Cap Critical

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

