Chapter 1: Heat
    




Chapter Text
Tony knows it’s cold. The rational part of his brain understands that. He’s lying there on the frigid concrete, vision blurring and arc reactor blinking, as he watches Steve’s back grow further and further away. James – The Winter Soldier – the man who killed his parents, is looking at him but his vision has already become too dark to really tell what his expression is.
It’s so cold. Tony knows. But all he can think of is the dark, dry heat of the cave and the bright, dull pain of the magnet in his chest.
FRIDAY is in his ear and Steve, Captain Rogers, has left the building and Tony tries desperately to find some humor in his situation before his world goes black.
And for that split second of consciousness before his mind follows his eyes he is filled with complete, wild panic. He’s going to die.
And he deserves it.
-
Steve doesn’t hear anything from Tony after sending him the phone.
For the first little bit he thinks it’s an ego thing. Something he’d heard Natasha say once. He knows she’d take it back now and that there’s more to Tony than his Public Face. Tony isn’t egotistical. Not in the way she’d meant at the time.
Bucky is struggling but Wakanda is a kind place and it’s King even more so. Bucky wants to go back under and Steve can’t help but blame T’Challa for it. For all his generosity, Steve’s started to think he’s been swaying Buck’s mind.
Steve is eating a small snack before his workout when Bucky materializes beside him.
There’s a curse and he’ll swear he didn’t jump. He’s about to give Bucky a small smile when he hears it.
“They can’t find him.”
Bucky doesn’t say who but Steve’s gut and the way it drops tells him well enough.
-
“I’m saying,” Rhodey grits from a wheelchair Steve can see through the video feed, “that communications went down just before he went after you and we haven’t heard from him since.”
Bucky’s face twists into something Steve can’t stomach and he tries to ignore that he now recognizes it as guilt.
“FRIDAY should,” Steve tries before being cut off.
“FRIDAY hasn’t made contact!” Rhodey scowls, “What do I have to say to get you to understand? We don’t know where he is and if I had to guess I’d say he’s right where you left him.”
Steve goes still and Buck looks more pale than usual. There’s no ignoring the implication.
“So we’ll go get him.” Steve tries.
“No.” Rhodey answers, clipped, like he’s trying to choke back tears. “You’re going back for him because this is your mess and I can’t,” Rhodey’s voice catches and Steve flinches like he’s been hit. “Just find him.”
The screen goes black.
Like some sort of dark joke one of Tony’s favorite songs plays through his head: Dead or Alive.
-
A lot of things in Steve’s life have scared him but among them only a few have truly terrified him.
Rhodey’s right. Tony is right where they left him. Frost bite across his cheeks and the bridge of his nose looking far too pale and gaunt. The arc reactor is out and the absence of its light does something to Steve that he can’t quite place.
“Captain.” A voice wobbles from Tony’s suit as the arc reactor flares to life for a moment before gutting out again like a snuffed candle. “I’ve managed to keep sir alive, just barely, but I’m afraid power reserves only have another thirty-six hours before going offline.”
Steve can’t believe his luck as he leans down to grab Tony, thanking anyone who will listen, trying to avoid looking at his bruised and blood-encrusted face.
“Captain!” FRIDAY almost yells and Steve’s hands stutter before contact.
“Yes?”
She somehow sounds tired, “You will be gentle.” Steve nods, unsure if it’s a gesture seen, “You will make sure he lives.”
If Steve were to ever be truly afraid of an Artificial Intelligence it would be now.
-
Tony wakes up, though wouldn’t know it from any sort of visual confirmation. He smells antiseptic and latex, realizes he’s at least in a hospital, and relaxes minutely.
“Please do not be afraid, sir.” FRIDAY says, as soothingly as she can. “You are safe.”
He tries to talk but finds he can’t. He signs his distress, praying FRIDAY can see him somehow, and thanking the Goddess of Science that he’d learned for Clint.

“Report.”

There’s what could be described as a sigh and he experiences a brief but powerful twinge in his heart at the loss of JARVIS.
“Blindness, broken jaw, severe damaging of the vocal cords, lung capacity diminished by an additional 27%. You were technically bradycardic for two weeks.”
Tony knows what that means. Possible irreversible damage to his heart.

“Reactor?”

“Do not panic.” FRIDAY begins and Tony can hear his heart rate spike, pain jolting through him. “Your reactor was damaged so this was the only option at hand to save your life.”
She was beating around the bush and Tony would have reached up to touch it if he thought he could.
“You are currently attached to a battery.”
Tony manages a devastatingly painful, pitiful excuse for a scream.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
eventual Tony Stark & Steve Rogers friendship
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (pinning)
pre James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
pre James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Other Background Relationships - Relationship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
why do I hurt myself???
tony is severely disabled after the events of cacw
steve is an an asshole: a story
PTSD
Deaf Clint Barton
everyone needs to stop hurting tony
bucky needs to be allowed to make his own choices
tony is the only one who seems to respect bucky's decisions
Bucky and Tony bonding
there are parts that are changed for what appears to be no reason
like the arc reactor
sorry I mess with canon in weird ways for my own benifit
talk about kinks
Blame Game
Manipulation
Lies
planning for one's own safety
bucky/tony centric i guess
Slow Burn
child abuse mention with listing of injuries
spousal abuse mention
bucky/steve never got re-established in the future
originally ot3 but devolved into winteriron
so this is the lead up to the ot3
outline has finally been made y'all
thanks for stickin with me
homophobia mention
talking about coming out
just flagrant disregard for canon

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
eventual Tony Stark & Steve Rogers friendship
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (pinning)
pre James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
pre James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Other Background Relationships - Relationship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

