Work Text:
Outside the window of Charles's office, the leaves were just beginning to curl crimson. A shift in the weather the past week had dropped the temperatures to near-freezing at night, triggering the turning of the leaves, but during the afternoon the air was still pleasant enough for Charles to leave his window cracked open. All told, it was a pleasant day, and Charles enjoyed the brief period of peace and quiet.Such periods were hard to come by, in the face of Charles's quadruple workload: managing a school of volatile and variously damaged young mutants, scouring the world with Cerebro for more of said variously damaged mutants, managing his team of elite trouble-shooting mutant heroes, and keeping tabs on mutant-human relations and lending his support to nudge things along in a positive direction wherever possible.It helped to be a telepath (really, Charles had no idea how any teacher coped without it) and he ended up delegating most of the day-to-day work to some of his former students whom he loved dearly and trusted implicitly, but it was still quite a full life. Those brief moments where he could lay it all down for awhile, at least enough to turn to more personal concerns, were to be treasured."Professor?" Charles looked up at the light female voice as the student acting as his administrative assistant stuck her head through the door. Literally through the door, her dark-haired head and shoulders emerging from the wood as though she were a ghost. "Professor Loki and some other guy are here to see you.""Kitty, you know you're not supposed to phase through things where people who aren't from the school can see you," Charles remonstrated her gently.Shadowcat flushed, and stuttered. "Oh. S-sorry, I -" She pulled herself the rest of the way through the wall and stepped down onto the floor inside his office. "I didn't think it would be a big deal, I mean, it's Professor Loki, and the other guy definitely isn't a mundane.""Nevertheless." Charles opened his mind briefly, casting about to see who was waiting in his front office, and his eyebrows lifted a trifle at the impressions he received. "Show them in, please, Kitty. And hold all my calls until we're done.""Yes, Professor." Her dark fuzzy head bobbed in agreement, and she turned and stepped back towards the door. Charles cleared his throat gently, and she stopped at the last second from walking through the solid wood portal with a slight jerk. Blushing furiously, she reached for the knob to open the door, and called out to those waiting beyond, "Professor X will see you now."As his two guests filed into the small office, Charles reflected that he could see why Shadowcat had jumped to the conclusion that the stranger was a metahuman. The tall, blond man was dressed in clothes that would not have been out of place at a Renaissance faire: metal bracers, armor straps, and a bright red cloak. On another man the outfit might have looked ridiculous, but the man carried with him such an aura of sunny confidence that it was impossible to imagine that anything he wore was not entirely correct.His companion was shorter, slighter, and dressed impeccably in a handsome Italian suit - and yet there was something about him, some indefinable edge that set the senses tingling and wary. An atmosphere of danger, of chaos, surrounded him that belied the crisply tailored facade.The average person would have sensed that much from these two, and nothing else. But Charles, with his heightened sensitivity to the psychic plane, could see much, much more. Shadowcat had been right - they weren't normal humans. But they weren't mutant humans, either; they belonged to another order of being entirely. A race from beyond the stars, yet linked to humanity through countless years of kinship - a race once worshipped on Earth as gods."Well, hello, Loki," Charles said, giving a warm and friendly greeting to the dark-haired man. "It's good to see you again.""Professor Xavier." Loki's greeting sounded cool, but there was genuine warmth in his smile and a clear happiness in his mind as he crossed the room to clasp Charles's hand between both of his own. It was a very Earth-like gesture, the handshake, reflecting in one simple motion how much Loki had adapted to being on Earth among humans in only the past year."It's been awhile since we last talked," Charles said. "I would say I hope you have been staying out of trouble, but that's a bit of a lost cause in your case, so instead I will merely say that I hope you've been well."Loki's smile widened. "Passing well, thank you, Professor," he said. "Most of my trouble has been of the benevolent kind, I can assure you.""That's wonderful to hear." Charles turned to the second man, who shifted uncomfortably in the crowded office, as though nervous of bumping into or breaking things if he moved an inch in the wrong direction. "And you must be Thor." He held out his hand.Thor came forward, and his bright blue eyes widened slightly as he took in th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Charles Xavier
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Angst
Brotherly Affection
Therapy
Psychic Abilities
charles xavier is not your marriage counselor
consensual telepathic therapy

fandom: 
Loki & Charles Xavier
Loki & Thor

