Chapter 1: Meeting Your Potential Love
    




Chapter Text

Wade Winston Wilson A.K.A. Deadpool A.K.A. Merc with a Mouth A.K.A. Regeneratin’ Degenerate. A.K.A. Full-time Daddy to Ellie A.K.A. Sexy Fireman by Day, Sexier Mercenary by Night and on Weekends A.K.A The Alpha Top Dawg A.K.A. Canadian Sex God A.K.A. Canadian America’s Next Top Daddy A.K.A --

 

[Alright alright we get it you narcissistic piece of scrotum]

 

“Rude.”

 

{Get on with it!}

 

Okay so the thing is, Wade Wilson is a lot of things. He’s endured a lot of difficult shit like the military, co-op missions, recon, mercenary bizz, sponging down an old lady, assassinating a politician, saving a cat from a tree, and whatever else really. He faced all of those with confidence and certainty. But ever since he found out he had a sweet sweet young daughter, his whole world did a complete 180. Sure he had a momentary crisis and opted to leave the child with his friend for her own good but after a while he figured he wanted to be there for her and be a semi full time dad.

 

Wade has a very normal job as a fireman… mostly for face value. He still does mercenary jobs here and there but not as hardcore when he was on his own. Juuuust very mild ones. On his road on being a normal single and definitely ready to mingle dad, he makes full use of his Image Inducer because it’s not very practical to be obviously Deadpool when he’s trying to be normal.

 

Though of course, as a fireman, he gets to face really dangerous situations as well… not that he’d die.

 

But the thing is, out of all the obstacles he’s conquered in life, he’s probably facing the absolute most nerve wracking moment of his life. It involves Ellie. Of course it does. Because all the things that leaves him breathing heavily and clutching at his heart beating a mile a minute always involves his daughter. He’s not used to being a family man, okay? But god he’s trying 

so 

hard.

 

[Care to enlighten everyone what this little 

dilemma

 of yours is?]

 

He can’t possibly! It’s too horrifying!

 

{A Parent-Teacher meeting!}

 

Zeusdamnit. 

 

The mercenary slash fireman sighs as he trudges down the hall with Ellie holding his hand and humming all the way like she didn’t do anything wrong that ultimately demanded this… this… 

struggle. 



Wade’s worried that he’s gonna say something stupid that the teacher will demand expulsion of his child or maybe he’s gonna be too passive that will be very rude as a responsible adult. God, he’s not trained for this. 

 

He can speak multiple languages but Parent-Teacher is definitely not one of them.

 

“Don’t be nervous, dad. Mr. Parker is very nice, he’s not like the other teachers.” Ellie says to him with a smile on her face. A face that you would never believe punched a boy bigger than her till he’s bawling. An alpha offspring can really be a handful. It’s one of the things she took after him. 

 

“Not nervous. Just a little… shaken. Daddy’s a Parent-Teacher serious business talk virgin.” Wade replies and heaves a breath when they finally stop by the closed front door of where the monstrous teacher is.

 

Ellie giggles. “Don’t worry! He’s not that mean. He can be a little… uhmm.. Sassy? Yeah. But you can handle him.”

 

Her dad looks at her seriously. “Young lady do not make light of this situation. I’m still going to punish you after I thought of what that punishment will be.” The pout she gives him could almost melt his heart… almost. “I’m serious, Eleanor.”

 

“Okay okay. Will you just…” She makes a sweeping motion with her hands moving towards the door telling him to just get in there and face it like a dad.

 

“Right.” Wade grumbles. “Wait here.”

 

He inhales deeply and finally goes in closing the door behind him. The bright sunlight radiating from the wide windows blinded him for a moment and when his eyes refocused he scanned the room for an old fart with balding head and bulging beer belly but no… Oh no.

 

Lord 

no…


 

{Odin YES!}

 

What he sees... is a young man sitting by the desk obviously engrossed in work. He has pale skin that is warmed by the sunset orange glow. His coarse brown hair all mussed yet still looking presentable for some miraculous reason. From Wade’s angle of vision, the young teacher’s  impossibly long and thick lashes appears to be resting on his soft looking cheeks. His straight upturned nose is so adorable that Wade wants to eskimo kiss it all day. And his lips, oh sweet seven pound baby Jesus, his pale pink lips slightly parted looking so delicious.

 

Good god, man! Ellie never mentioned this beautiful creatures as her homeroom teacher.

 

[Actually she mentioned a nice young omega as her homeroom teacher]

 


‘Really? Ah but, not 

this

 fine!’


 

He can’t see his eyes that are yet to look at him but Wade bets they’re equally gorgeous. Probably he should maybe clear his throat and make his presence known but he just wants to look at the pretty 

pretty 

teacher... 

 

{Is this gon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter
Alpha Wade
Elementary teacher! Peter
Fireman! Wade
still a merc though
Pining
Fluff
First Meetings
Meet-Cute
Bit of Drama
True Love
Romance
sappy af
very sweet
bit of salt
ounce of bitterness
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

