Chapter 1: I don't need you, I heal on my own
    




Chapter Text
Anthony Edward Stark Didn’t Need Anyone.He needed food, water, a great place to science, comfortable surroundings, hell he might even say the company of a pretty woman or handsome man, but he didn’t need anyone.Or at least that’s what he tells himself.But when he is alone, when Vision is meditating the night away, or Rhodey is away at physical therapy relearning how to walk with his brand new robotic legs, when Loki has returned to Asgard to report to Thor and check on his dear mother, when Pepper comes to visit and even though there not together anymore they can still go eat or catch a movie or something, sometimes at those moments he feels like maybe, possibly, he might.And when Tony Stark just might decide to join Vision in his meditations, or Rhodey for physical, when he thinks about maybe asking Loki if he could possibly tag along just to get a change of scenery, when he sees Pepper walking through the compound on her way back to the tower, he stops.He’s a bad friend, remember.He’s a bad person.He’s arrogant. He’s pigheaded. He doesn’t listen.Remember?Or at least that’s what Captain Hardass and his merry band of Jerkoffs say.Well when did he ever start listening to what Steve Rogers had to say anyway.

Tony Stark stared intently at the document before him with unwavering attention. The new revision of The Accords, covered in highlighter, come scratches, red and black pin marks, and the occasional grease stain, sat before him. Leaning back in his desk chair, he closed his eyes and sighed.
6 Months.The Civil War, as the press called the Avengers very public popularity contest, cost both billions of dollars, some lives, homes, an airport, one highway, a whole basket full of medical bills, but to Tony personally, it cost him something else entirely.It cost him his family.However, 6 months is a long time for someone to conduct and enjoy their own pity party.

Tony returned from Siberia a broken man. Along with the broken ribs, the major concussion, the bruises, the cuts and scars, the false sternum that had cracked all the way through, and the hypothermia, he felt broken on the inside.
For a split second, after hearing from Helen Cho that he may not recover from his injuries, he seriously considered giving up. He flirted with telling poor Helen to just dope him on the good stuff until he just dies. Its right on the tip of his tongue, but he could only guess his face said enough. Helen leaned down, staring into Tony’s unswolen eye, and said with tears streaming out of her eyes:“They gave up on you, Don’t you dare give up on yourself.”She then stood and explained that with is injuries plus the exposure to the elements laying in the middle of nowhere for as long as he had, he was lucky he didn’t pass out and not wake up. The only option other than hoping surgery could fix the worst of, and praying he didn’t die on the operating table, was an extremely dangerous but potentially lifesaving formula.The Extremis Virus.Helen theorized that it could heal the worst of the damage and keep him alive during the process.Or it could kill him.As Tony lay there, he thought of his options.He thought of Vision, who was still new to the world. He thought of Rhodey and Pepper, who still needed him. He thought of Loki, who even said himself that Tony was his only real friend. He thought of his bots, of Dum-E and U and Butterfingers and FRIDAY, who needed their dad.He thought of his Madre, who thought him ItaLilan, how to cook and take care of himself, how to read people and their intentions. He thought of his father, who wasn’t the best parent in the world, but showed him how to make his first circuit board.He thought of Captain America and his bestie who left him to die. He thought of Clint and Natasha and Wanda and Sam and Scott. How they blamed him for their actions. How Steve knew how his parents died and never said. How people he considered family walked out on him without looking back.He thought of the Barton family, how Laura had no idea where Clint was, or what happened, how Lila and Cooper and Nathanial needed their dad. He thought about the Lang family, who just got Scott back from jail, only for him to become a wanted international fugitive.“Well, dying is not an option. Extremis it is.”So after quickly making sure his will was up to date, leaving a message for Rhodey, Pepper, Loki, and Vison, he lay back and relaxed while the virus was slowly injected into his veins.

During the week it took for his body to repair and to completely accept Extremis, quite a bit happened.
Like more than he ever expected.By the time Rhodey and Pepper made it back to the compound, Tony had been under for a few hours. Bursting through the hospital door, they were treated to the sight of their best friend laying completely still in a hospital bed, beaten almost to death. Pepper burst into tears, Rhodey trying his absolute best not to himself. Helen quickly brought them up t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
kinda fix-it
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Healing
Extremis Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Loki
Good Loki
royal consort Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

