Work Text:
Tony freely admits he’s made a lot of poor decisions in life.His tattoos, in spite of the fact that they are small, subtle and hurt like a bitch to get, do not factor in amongst said poor decisions no matter how furious Howard was when he found out. Thank god for liquid courage and tattoo artists willing to look the other way when a sixteen-year-old kid stumbled in with enough money to buy the whole shop. Tony has never regretted his (admittedly impulsive) decision… Until now. Because of course, when he got the tattoos done, he wasn’t expecting to someday meet the real Steve Rogers and James Barnes. Pepper questioned his sudden reluctance to wear anything but pants and socks after the team moved in, but fortunately she didn’t put two and two together. But then, she wouldn’t. Tony fails at a lot of things in a lot of ways, but he’s always been meticulous about covering up his tattoos – especially when he was around other people. The only people who knew or know are Howard (because Tony needed to rub it in his face), Peggy (she cried when she found out), and Rhodey (who, also drunk, accompanied Tony to get them in the first place).He doesn’t really regret them. It’s just… awkward. Tony was there; he saw the look on Steve’s face when that woman yanked up her top and revealed an excellent portrait of Captain America’s shield on her stomach and ribs, the curve of the shield rising up under her breasts. That was not a good look. Bucky laughed himself sick afterwards, but the smile disappeared pretty fast when Winter Soldier tattoos started gaining in popularity, leaving him seemingly more confused than anything else.And to be honest, Tony’s tattoos are way more personal than the shield or the red star. But he chalks it up to a childish mistake (a complete lie, if they disappeared tomorrow he’d go out and get them re-done because Steve and Bucky are the best men he knows) and resolves to never let either one of them – or any of the team, for that matter – know. So that’s fine.This… this can’t really be chalked up to anything but a borderline obsession.Tony might have a problem.“Do you think I have a problem?” he asks out loud.“I have been saying that for years,” JARVIS says dryly.“Should sell you to MIT for that sass,” Tony mutters, admiring his reflection. As soon as he saw the shirt, he knew he had to have it. On the surface, it’s just a soft, cotton t-shirt that’s long enough to cover the curve of his ass; when he faces forward, the tip of his dick just peeks out from under the hem. It’s what’s on the t-shirt that gets him excited.It’s part of the ‘Captain America/Winter Solider: Forever Partners’ line that has really taken off. The right side of the t-shirt is a stellar replication of Captain America’s uniform. The left side is, of course, a rendition of the Winter Soldier’s uniform, complete with red star on the sleeve of the shirt. “I’m such a pervert,” Tony says, not unhappily, wrapping his arms around himself. Steve and Bucky have no interest in him, he knows that. They’re just fine, off doing their own thing, wrapped up in a relationship for the ages. That’s done exactly nothing to change his own feelings. It started out as a crush on Steve, and Tony was doing an okay job of keeping it as just a crush. But then Bucky appeared, with his smooth talking and nightmares and silent, moody cuddles, and somehow Tony ended up with a crush on him, too. And now…Well, now he’s completely fucked. So Tony figures he might as well have some fun with it. This shirt is as close as he’s going to ever get to the real thing, and Steve and Bucky will never know since it’s not like Tony’s gonna wear it in front of them. Besides, he stopped short of ordering the Forever Partners Deluxe Vibrator™ even though he really, really wanted to.Maybe next time.He backs away from the mirror and, when his knees meet the edge of the bed, falls backwards with a heavy thump. He pushes himself up the bed and ends up reclining against the pillows at the top, legs spread open comfortably, lube within each reach. There’s no meetings on the calendar, JARVIS has been told to block all non-emergency calls, and he has at least a good hour to himself.His dick is half-hard already with anticipation and Tony sighs as he takes himself in hand, starting off with slow, easy strokes. This isn't something that he wants to rush, and he takes a moment to contemplate which of his favorite fantasies he wants to break out. Because he's selfish, all of them feature himself pretty prominently.There's the one where Steve is tied down flat on his back while Tony sits on his cock, and then he and Bucky play with each other, forcing Steve to just watch. Then there's the good old-fashioned spit-roasting with Tony in the middle: it doesn’t matter who is where because Tony likes cock, and he appreciates one in his mouth almost as much as one up his ass, so that's just the best of both worlds. There's the one where Bucky and Steve fuck him one after another, that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Smut
smut with feels
Masturbation
Fingering
Anal Fingering
Blowjobs
fantasies
Rimming
Tattoos
tony stark has no shame
actually he has a little bit of shame
Feels
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Angst and Porn
but really more porn than anything
with a fluffy ending
Polyamory
First Kiss
Possessive Steve
Possessive Bucky
Bottom Tony
Top Steve
stuckony - Freeform
Crack
yeah I admit it
tony gets a tattoo for bucky and steve
they find out during sex
that's basically the fic
with some shirt porn tossed in
idk i think that's what you call it
Podfic Available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

