Chapter 1: Chapter one: Monday
    




Chapter Text
Charles isn't next to him when Erik wakes, although Erik has the definite sense of his now-departed mental presence, curled warm and close, still sleepy at – Erik blinks until the display on his phone resolves – just before six. At least he's here, Erik tells himself, although maybe, probably, trying to make his escape without waking Erik.Erik sighs, pushing resignation away in favor of focusing on the apartment. Its layout is still strange to him, the patterns of the metal framing under the sheetrock and the plumbing an unfamiliar maze. His awareness wanders through it as he reorients himself to wakefulness, around the short hallway into the living room and – Erik stops, awareness arrested by the clang of cheap metal pans against a burner and steel coils heating up inside Charles's battered electric kettle.I know you don't believe in tea, comes Charles's silent voice, sounding so extraordinarily put-upon Erik has to smile to himself, so I'm trying my best to make that sludge you call coffee. Since you're determined to drive all the way across town this morning.In truth, Erik's sorely tempted to stay here all day, keep Charles in bed with him and ignore the world. Charles sends him a flicker of interest and agreement, and a few images that have Erik hissing and clenching the rumpled sheets to keep his hand off his cock. The picture of Charles riding him, strong, slender thighs flexing as he fucks himself on Erik's cock, only reminds him that he'd sucked Charles off last night, reminds him what it's like looking up at Charles when he's flushed and incoherent, given over to pleasure.You do need to get ready to go, darling, Charles says, with a definite air of someone impatiently – and evilly – tapping a wristwatch. That is, if you want to be on time."I don't want to be on time," Erik growls. But he has to be, after three days off, with the Mayfair case needing attention as it makes its way to court and Moira waiting with yet another folder and – Moira.He has to tell her today, about the two of them.He frowns up at the ceiling. It's not a conversation he's looking forward to, but he was aware of the department's fraternization policies well before he and Charles ever laid a hand on each other. He'd dug out his employee guidebook a few weeks ago, in fact, to go over the rules, part of him hoping that he'd discover that any relationship was forbidden, and maybe that excuse would be enough to finally get those thoughts about Charles out of his head. You okay? Charles says, a little timidly, and Erik realizes that Charles isn't looking in closely enough to see why Erik's thoughts have turned serious, just enough to know the playful mood has left. He tries to project a careful burst of reassurance Charles's way as he forces himself out of bed and begins to get dressed. Sorry, just ... thinking.Charles is still standing over the stove when Erik reaches the kitchen, smiling and singing some faint tune under his breath. Erik has the immediate urge to come and stand behind him, wrap his arms around Charles's waist and tuck his chin over Charles's shoulder to watch him work; he files it away in the back of his mind, and carefully steps around Charles to get to the coffee. It's just as well he takes it black, because there's no sugar or cream to be had in Charles's apartment. He leans back against the counter, and as soon as it's cool enough that he think he won't completely burn his tongue, he swallows the coffee in three heavy gulps, barely tasting the shitty quality. That should be enough to get him back to his apartment. He can shower there, get dressed, make himself another cup – a decent cup – and then head to work. Over Charles’s shoulder, he sees the glass jar of instant coffee crystals, can’t help the burst of fondness at the thought Charles buying that specifically for him.He reaches out and touches Charles's forearm, causing Charles to turn his head, aiming a satisfied smile in Erik's direction. "I'll see you in a little while, okay?""Okay," Charles says, easily enough, but he shifts his arm, wrapping his fingers around Erik's wrist and tugging him in close. Erik follows, bending down to kiss him, soft and hungry, until he gathers up enough will to pull himself away again. "I have to go," he says. He can hear the apologetic tone in his own voice, unfamiliar to his ears.  He wonders, a little concerned, just how much Charles would have to push to get him to give in – but luckily, he doesn't have to find out, because Charles just says okay again, touching his lower lip thoughtfully as he turns his attention back to his oatmeal.It takes effort, a lot of it, not to tilt Charles's face back up to his again and kiss that mouth and nip it right where Charles's finger was resting. Charles knows, of course, judging from the way his mouth is tilting now, wicked and sly and entirely too self-assured. Erik retaliates by shoving gently at Charles's head, more a forceful t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Detectives
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Age Difference
Telepathy
Size Kink
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Frottage
Dirty Talk
Rimming
Come Marking
Facials
Shower Sex
Barebacking
Fingerfucking
Mother-Son Relationship
Nightmares
Mention of Child Abuse
Panic Attacks
Wakes & Funerals
Anger
Control Issues
Angst
Cuddling & Snuggling
Cooking
Friendship

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

