Work Text:
Lord Anthony Edward Stark’s stable boy was named Steven Rogers, but young Tony—who found nothing wrong with the shortening of Christian names—always called him Steve. It caused the most delightful blush to bloom in Steven’s cheeks.“That’s not my proper name,” he would say with a haughty tilt to his chin, one befitting a noble and not the son of a cook. “It is if I say it is,” Tony would reply, perching precariously on top of the edge of a stall door. He’d swing back and forth, whistling idly until Steve would cross his arms over his chest and demand Tony get down at once—but not before glancing quickly over his shoulder to make sure no one heard him chastising the young lord of the manor.Steve was small for thirteen, thin-limbed and narrow through the shoulders. Tony had once heard the servant girls comment that Steve could be blown over by a stiff wind, which didn’t seem far from the truth. And yet he loved to be around the horses, mucking out their stalls with shovels nearly twice his size, and the horses took well to him. Once, Tony had found Steve tucked up against the stable wall with a sketchbook in his lap, his hand smudged black from the charcoal drawing he was rendering of Tony’s own horse, Archer. “I don’t think you have his ears quite right,” Tony said without announcing himself. Steve jumped, giving a startled yelp as he slammed the sketchbook on the ground.“You’re not supposed to be here!” he yelled breathlessly, glaring at Tony.“That’s my horse,” Tony replied. He pointed to the sketchbook lying face down in the dirt. “You’re getting him all dirty.”Steve had scooped the thing up and clutched it to his skinny chest, suddenly bowing his head and looking more contrite than Tony had ever seen him.“I’m sorry,” he’d said quietly. “But do not make me show you the rest. It’s not for you.”Tony’s stomach had given a strange swoop. He’d narrowed his eyes, feeling angry for some odd reason. “I don’t need your silly drawings,” he’d sniffed, “especially when you should be working, anyway.” Then he’d stomped off to his rooms, bowling over the manor butler and making one the servant girls cry in the process.He’d decided in that moment that he hated Steven Rogers.~*~“And just where do you think you’re off to?”Tony skidded to a stop in the doorway of the parlor, hat in hand. “Miss Van Dyne is having a party, I told you weeks ago—”Lord Stark gave a bored sigh. “Another party? This is your third one this week.”“Fourth, actually. You forgot Lady Romanov’s birthday soiree.” He wondered why his father cared; he was never home enough to notice Tony’s comings and goings, and at seventeen, he had every right to do as he pleased. “There are matters to discuss before I leave for Paris tomorrow, Anthony. Namely, the selection of a new stable hand.”“Whatever you need to discuss can wait until—” Tony froze. “A new stable hand? But, we have Steve. There’s no need to—”“Steven has decided to enlist.” His father had always thought it inappropriate for Tony to have a petname for a servant. “He intends to leave in two day’s time. Lord knows what they’ll do with the boy, but I suppose they really are desperate.”Tony felt a buzzing in his ears, a tightness in his chest. Steven’s decided to enlist. It wasn’t possible, Steve was not meant for the war, which was something far off, distant, unrelated to them. Not that Tony cared one bit what Steve did with his life. He rarely set foot in the stables these days, and when it happened that their paths crossed, Steve merely nodded his head stiffly and murmured, “my Lord,” in a quiet, emotionless voice. Tony made the occasional quip, just to see if he could make Steve’s cheeks turn pink like they once did.“The manure scent becomes you today, Steve,” he’d said once, smirking for good measure.But Steve had ducked his head and replied quietly, “I do my job well, my Lord,” and quickly turned away.That time it was Tony’s own cheeks that felt hot to the touch.No, Tony didn’t care at all if Steve was foolish enough to risk his life on the battlefield. He cared so little, he forgot all about Miss Van Dyne’s party and stormed into the stables, ready to tell Steve just how idiotic his decisions truly were.He did not find Steve alone. He also did not find Steve calmly puttering about the stables. Instead, Tony found him brawling with two slightly older boys from the kitchens.“You think yourself a soldier, eh?” one boy sneered as he shoved Steve back against a stall door. “A soldier who can’t fight?”“Leave me alone,” Steve growled, and the words held considerable rage, even if his physical movements did not. He was simply out-sized by the other boys, swinging his fists at them in vain.The second boy held Steve back as the other pummeled him in the stomach. But Steve tried so hard to keep his chin up, struggling with all his might against the boys’ hold.Tony stood in the stable doorway, speechless. After a moment, he finally shook himself and yelled, “Stop this at once!”The boys immediately dro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Harlequin Big Bang
Regency Romance
Alternate Universe - Regency
Marriage of Convenience
Marvel characters talking like Jane Austen

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

