Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"You can't be serious. Fury, tell them. I am absolutely the last person alive, never mind in this room, that should be watching over them."For once in his life, Fury didn't say a word. He just looked incredibly, deeply unimpressed. Tony glared at him, trying to hide his mounting panic, before turning back to the rest of the team. "The answer is no."Coulson sighed the sigh that meant he was reaching the end of his patience and stood up. "Stark, tell me, who else would you elect for the position? Thor has gone after Loki. Natasha and Clint have to remain on standby in case something happens. Bruce is helping to look for a cure, and besides he wouldn't trust himself not to Hulk out and hurt one of them. Aside from all that, you were the first person that got to them so you're basically the only one they trust.""Besides," Clint added, idly twirling an arrow on the tip of his finger, "they're your boyfriends.""What does that have to do with anything?" Tony hissed. "Fine, we'll hire a babysitter. There must be a SHIELD agent -""No," Coulson interrupted. "It's a couple of six-year-olds, Stark, not villains," Clint said. He kicked his feet up on the table and smirked, raising an eyebrow. "What, now that they're six years old instead of six feet tall you have no use for them anymore?"That stung. Tony went quiet, but only for a few seconds. This was a losing battle, but he was damn well going to fight it until the end. "What about you then? There's no reason why you and Natasha have to be on standby.""It's a safety issue," Clint replied. "Haven't you ever heard of the buddy system?"Tony's glare deepened."Look, as far as I'm concerned, this discussion is over. Rogers and Barnes are in your care until this either wears off or we figure out how to turn them back. I suggest that you do some reading up on child psychology." Coulson actually cracked a small smile, as though the idea was ludicrous, and Clint snickered."This is a bad idea," Tony announced to the room in general, but he could tell that it fell on deaf ears. Coulson had already turned away to talk to Natasha and Clint. Fury got up and walked out of the room, not even bothering to glance in Tony's direction, and Bruce followed.And that was that.Tony was officially in charge of his de-aged boyfriends.When Thor found Loki, Tony was going to murder him.Muttering under his breath, he stormed out of the room. But he didn't head straight for the medical bay. Instead, he found a quiet, out-of-the-way bathroom and locked the door behind him. He slid down to the ground, put his forehead on his knees, and just breathed until the panic stopped making his heart race so fast that he was left feeling lightheaded.He couldn't do this. Tony absolutely could not do this. He was the last person who should be doing this. But of course, the rest of the team didn't know the exact reasons behind his reluctance. They all thought he was just being his usual selfish self. And there was no way he could explain it.If Tony had his way, no other person in the whole universe would ever know that he, Bucky and Steve age played on a regular basis. "Hold it together, Stark," he muttered to himself, tapping his fingers on the arc reactor and shutting his eyes. He could do that, couldn't he? He could take care of Bucky and Steve for once, instead of the other way around. It couldn't be that hard. Steve and Bucky even claimed it was enjoyable, though even now, well over six months since they'd first done a scene together, Tony had his doubts about the veracity of that. Still, though. Considering everything they did for him on a regular basis, the least Tony could do was try to step up when they needed him the most. He could be the responsible adult for a couple of days or even a week - surely Thor would have tracked Loki down by then?He resolutely pushed aside any and all thoughts about what would happen if this was irreversible and stood up, washing his hands and splashing cold water on his face. He could do this.Last Tony had seen, Maria Hill had been the lucky SHIELD agent unsuccessfully trying to wrangle two contrary six-year-olds into submission long enough to let a SHIELD doctor take a look at them. It had only taken a couple of minutes to realize that neither Steve nor Bucky seemed to remember anything about their lives; as far as they were concerned, they'd been plucked right out of their happy homes and plunked down in a foreign world with strangers. Needless to say, they weren't taking it well."Rogers, if you would just sit down and listen -""I don't hav'ta listen to you!""No, but you do have to - Barnes, get down!""Stevie, look'it me!"Jesus christ. Tony sped up the pace and ducked into the room just in time to catch Bucky as he did a flying leap off of the filing cabinet. Bucky squeaked in surprise when he found his fall suddenly stopped and went all tense, but Tony didn't really care. He set the kid down and glanced at Hill, who was crouched down in front of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-aged Steve
De-aged Bucky
Kid Steve Rogers
Kid Bucky Barnes
Infantilism
non sexual age play
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Bucky
Baby-sitting
Bathing
Cuddling
washing
Pacifiers
bottles
Diapers
platonic sleeping together
Crying
Nightmares
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
tony stark tries really hard
the team is unsupportive
Panic Attacks
Bittersweet Ending
somewhat open ending
I consider it happy
ish
natasha is threatening
clint is a little shit
not necessarily in a good way
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Little Headspace
tony breaks down
tony just needs support
Insecurity
Tony is insecure
the team does not help
Self-Esteem Issues
Hurt/Comfort
sooooo much comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

