Work Text:
The Soldier spends his time tucked into corners with a good view of the room and lounging on loveseats pushed back into that corner. Usually the one with the gun and knife duct taped to the underside, because Clint and Natasha are paranoid. Not that the soldier recognizes that part, so much. Generally, everyone leaves the Soldier be until he is himselfbutnothimself again, and he lounges. He’s a bit bemused by the lack of a given mission, so he keeps a lookout for one that he may have missed.It’s about three weeks after himselfbutnothimself brought them to this tower when he realizes what his mission is supposed to be. Tony Stark is the one who assigns it to him, which the Soldier sees as very proper; even though everyone acts like the Captain is in charge, the Soldier know the one with either the money or the tools is the one actually in command, and Tony Stark has both. He isn’t sure why they pretend otherwise, but he goes along with it.On this particular day the soldier is lounging in the loveseat, shoved into the appropriate corner, when Tony Stark comes wobbling into the room. There’s engine grease on his hands and his eyes are a bit glazed over. The Soldier know this means that Tony Stark is tired, and has probably been working too long on his latest tools. He’ll probably go straight to bed. Much to the Soldier’s surprise, though, when he shifts to let Tony Stark know he is there, the billionaire zeroes in on him and wobbles over. He carefully climbs onto the loveseat, the Soldier confused and waiting for Tony Stark to give him a command, and settles onto his lap. Tony Stark wraps his limbs around the Soldier like an octopus, tucks his face into the Soldier’s neck, and falls asleep in moments. The Soldier is confused for a moment, because until now Tony Stark has barely interacted with him; the others seem nervous when the Soldier is too close to Tony Stark. Then it dawns on him. This must be his Mission! He is to ensure Tony Stark gets plenty of cuddles and rest, in order to be prepared for anything which might demand his attention. So the Soldier wraps his arms around Tony Stark’s back and settles back in to watch the door. He’ll have to guard carefully to ensure Tony Stark isn’t woken up, with Clint Barton and the loud one called Thor wandering around.Clint Barton barely restrains a shriek of fear when he enters the living room and a knife buries itself in the doorjamb next to his head.“Quiet,” growls the Soldier, drawing Clint’s attention. His jaw drops open as he stares. Sitting in the loveseat, the Soldier is cuddling Tony Stark. Clint would bet his life savings on what had happened, too.Clint and the other Avengers were well aware of Tony’s tendency to work until he dropped. Most of them had, at one point or another, been a victim of Tony’s mindless cuddling when he was utterly exhausted. He never seemed to notice who he was cuddling with, either. Clint would bet that Tony had come up in just such a state, and the Soldier was the only one around, so boom! Cuddles. Realizing that the Soldier was still staring at him, Clint nodded rapidly and silently, signing his agreement, and back out of the room.“Jarvis, please tell me you’ve got pictures of this,” he gasps, trying desperately not to burst into loud laughter.“Of course,” Jarvis replies, amused. “I am live-streaming the situation to Captain Rogers and Ms. Romanov, who discovered it earlier.”Clint groaned - Natasha would never let him live that down.Little do any of them know this is just the beginning.Tony is hard at work in his shop the next time it happens. “Sir,” Jarvis interrupted, “the Soldier is requesting entry.”“Awesome, let him in!” Tony said happily. The door opened and the Soldier made a beeline for Tony, who blinked as he approached. “Hey there, what’s - oompf!”Tony blinked as the Soldier scooped him up, hugged him, and dragged him over to the couch, where he set Tony down. He then pushed the couch into a corner with a good sightline to the rest of the room. Then the he laid down next to Tony, between Tony and the door.“Uh, what?” he asked. “I have to work, there’s work, I need to -”“Sh,” the Soldier said, and proceeded to cuddle Tony into submission.It was the beginning of a trend.“Tony?” Steve asked, staring at him. Tony was tucked into Steve’s art cupboard, clearly hiding.“Sh! I’m hiding from Winter.”Steve nodded like that made sense.“What is going on?” Tony asked, because he had no idea what to do with all the affection and cuddles the Soldier kept giving him. Bucky had started doing it too, though generally more teasingly. “When did this even start?”“If I may,” Jarvis interjected, “this began after one of your longer workshop sessions. When you emerged, the first person you encountered was the Soldier. You proceeded to fall asleep on him. He seems to believe this is his Mission.”Steve and Tony blinked at each other. Steve nodded at him, grabbed a set of charcoals, and swung the cupboard door shut again.“Again?” Bruce 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Cuddling
Assassins
brainwashing (minor)
split personalities (minor)
Developing Relationship
mission parameters
the Soldier is convinced Tony is the boss
Fluff
fluffy fluff
with added fluffiness
Prompt Fill
heh
Humor

fandom: 
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

