Work Text:
  Loki had known for years.There was no way of knowing for sure until his nature manifested and he experienced his first heat, but once he had learned to recognize the signs – and once he was ready to overcome the instinctive denial that filled him at the thought – he had known that he was an omega.It was a crushing realization. All the whispered insults that had followed his every step as he grew up, all the drunken slurs – they were all true. All those years he had been deceiving himself. Lectures with his father, sparring with his brother – useless, for despite their parents' insistent promise there was no hope of Loki ever becoming king of anything. All that would be expected of him was to look pretty and pleasing and spread his legs whenever his mate felt the urge to claim him.If he weren't the king's son he would be sold as soon as this was discovered. Alphas like his brother or his father would examine him, would inspect his mouth and his ass, would determine whether or not he was fertile, would teach him to serve and to keep his mouth shut unless he was sucking his mate's cock. He would not be allowed to leave his mate's bed without an escort. They would take his freedom, his clothes, his magic, would treat him worse than any dog.And of course they would mount him whenever the mood struck. They would fuck him until his body's stupid hormones had erased every rational thought in his brain, until he turned into an eager slut whose only desire was to get his mate's cock in one of his openings. It was appalling.By all means, it should be appalling. He should be horrified. He should scream and howl in anger and plot the demise of anyone who even thought of touching him.But his biological urges insisted otherwise, urged him to accept his fate. He wanted –He could not admit what he wanted, not even to himself. He could accept all the little details for what they were, but as a whole the concept was too horrible to contemplate.For years he had believed he had followed Thor and his friends on their adventures to prove his worth, when he had truly been motivated by his omega's desire to seek the company of alphas. The feasts in their honor had always failed to move him, since he was not enticed by the numerous omegas displaying themselves for him and his brother. But what really drove it in was when Thor grew into a man with an impressive beard and thick golden hair all over his body, while Loki himself remained smooth and hairless.No. Loki knew the truth, even though he spoke to no one about it.Once he had also acknowledged this truth – a process that involved much screaming and crying – he had tried to find ways to use it to his advantage. He would never be able to rule Asgard; but there were six other major realms out there, as well as thousands of others who were not worth mentioning. All he needed to do was to seduce a suitably obnoxious and foolishly trusting king, and Loki would effectively rule their realm.It would be alright. He had plans. He had options.The Vanir king was nearly as old as Odin, true, but the aging widower was the only one who was able to recognize Loki's polite praise as the curbed insult it was, and while this did not endear him to the old king, Loki still appreciated speaking to someone who understood his gibes. A marriage with him would not be intolerable."But look at him with his thin arms and his impractical, gaudy armor", his brother would scoff whenever the king visited. "I bet he has never participated in any real battle. It is no wonder he hasn't found an omega to claim – surely his prick is as useless as his sword."For some reason that observation seriously dampened Loki's enthusiasm for a possible courtship. The problem with growing up among warriors was that he had developed a certain image how an alpha was supposed to act and look like, and the Vanir king did not fit this description at all.One of his sons, perhaps. They were all big and strong and stupid, like the ideal alpha male. Loki had trouble telling them apart: They were close in age and looked extremely alike. They spent most of their visits sparring with Thor and his friends, eager to test their strength against Asgard's first prince. In Loki's opinion alphas were like dogs in that way, attempting to determine a hierarchy as soon as they met. He decided he would try to get to know the one who could best Thor in battle – but it did not come to that."Did you see that, Loki?" Thor grinned with the pride of an alpha who had just proven his superiority. After their fight he was bleeding from a gash above his left eyebrow, but he didn't even seem to notice. "Vanaheim's mightiest warriors stood no chance against me!""Yes, I saw", he muttered, and masked his disappointment with indifference. "Now get away from me. You smell of sweat and grime."(It was a good smell, Loki decided, rich and musky, and he licked his lips as if he could taste it there. His body should not react to his brother at all, but that was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Lactation Kink
Male Lactation
Size Kink
Humiliation
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Public Sex
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Feels
Loki Has Issues
Jötunn Loki
Poor Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

