Chapter 1: Stiles Stark
    




Chapter Text
“Hey kiddo you okay?” John asks looking into Stiles room watching him mess with string as he looks at his Beacon Hills version of ‘Wall of weird’ he’s got a frown on his face like he can’t figure something out.
“Yeah fine” Stiles mutters.
“It’s half eight shouldn’t you be on Skype right now?” John asks every Friday night at twenty past eight on the dot Stiles gets a skype call and he doesn’t finish it before midnight.
“He’s busy” Stiles mutters.
“So phone him and tell him to make himself unbusy” John tells him laughing coming into the room throwing himself down on the bed.
“I can’t tell Tony Stark to postpone meetings just to say hello to me” Stiles tells him laughing himself as he finally stops staring at the pinhole covered wall.
“You can, you’re his baby brother pretty sure that gives you a right to do that” John reminds him.
“Shush” Stiles hisses “I don’t need to remind you about the werewolves that sneak in through my window again do I? don’t need them lurking outside hearing you” Stiles tells him.
“You know you could tell them right? They wouldn’t care well Lydia might, that girl scares me the way she goes on about Stark Industries all the time she’d probably force you to get her a job” John laughs.
“Oh yeah that’s a great conversation to have, hey everyone how are you? Oh by the way you know the ‘great’ Howard Stark? Yeah well he had a one night stand with my mother so say hello to the Bastard Stark? This isn’t Game of thrones day nobody wants to know that, you know the questions I’d get? But I thought you were a Stilinski! Oh yeah sorry Scott I’m only a Stilinski by choice my mother didn’t exactly meet my dad until I was two years old” Stiles ends his rant with a gust of air leaving his mouth.
“Yeah something like that” John tells him looking down.
“Sorry” Stiles tells him sitting down heavily on the bed next to Stiles.
“So wanna tell me the real reason you’re like this?” John asks.
“Tony’s pissed at me” Stiles tells him.
“Because?” He prompts.
“He wants me to come out” Stiles tells him.
“Like come out the closet?” John asks.
“No like come out and see him, think he wants me to come out to the world about me being a pseudo Stark as well” Stiles tells him.
“Well it is the summer before senior year, you know I work every day during summer break so I’m not going to be home maybe it would be a good thing to go out and see him” John tells him. “As for the Stark thing you know I’ve told you this since your mother died it’s up to you, everything is up to you” John tells him.
“I hate being associated with that womanizer” Stiles hisses out.
“Tony? He’s totally settled down now he’s with Pepper” John protests.
“No not him Howard!” Stiles shouts.
“Well that’s something I wish I could change too son but I can’t as much as I wish you were mine biologically I can’t I just settle for you being mine in choice” John smirks. “By law as well like” John adds after a minute.
“I wish she met you first” Stiles mutters.
“Then you wouldn’t have been born” John tells him.
“Nothing wrong with that wouldn’t have put you through the hell I have these past months trust me to go and get possessed, we’ve only just got out the debt of it all only because I got myself almost killed by one of the psycho guards” Stiles huffs out “I could have paid all my bills you know, Tony insists I have bank account with a cool billion in it” Stiles reminds him his voice turning into a sneer as he even talks about the money.
“Like I’ve told you before that money is yours and yours alone you’re my son I’m your dad I have to look after you so I pay the bills no matter what they’re for, you needed to go into that place to help you out so I put you in their” His dad tells him pulling him in for a tight hug.
“You think I should go?” Stiles tells him his eyes darting to his dresser.
“What is it?” John asks confused looking towards the paper on the bed side table.
“Came by courier when you were at work, first class tickets to New York flight leaves in two days” Stiles tells him.
“Two days? Little soon isn’t it? Bit presumptuous as well like but then again Tony always is” john chuckles “Wait two tickets?” he asks.
“The others for you if you wanted to come” Stiles tells him.
“You know I have work kiddo, could take one of the pack if you wanted to go” John tells him.
“So you think I should go? Just leave you and the pack?” Stiles asks confused.
“The pack is fine they can look after themselves especially now they have Jordon and Hayden, as for me I’ll be in work twelve hours out of twenty-four the other 12 will be sleeping and eating, it’s up to you what you want to do but I know you want to see Tony you haven’t seen him in person since you were twelve years old” John tells him.
“I would like to see him but you know what Tony’s world is like press follow him everywhere when he’s in civilian clothes, he lives with the Avengers that’s where he wants me to stay in Avengers tower, he runs the world’s leading tech busine
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
BAMF Stiles
Stiles Stark
Stiles is a Stark
Summer
Stiles Leaves Beacon Hills
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Older Brothers
Protective Steve Rogers
Background Relationships
Adventure & Romance
POV Stiles
Stiles-centric
Drunk Stiles
Steve Rogers Feels
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Stiles Stilinski
Jealousy
Jealous Stiles
Rich Stiles Stilinski
Asgardian Liquor
BAMF Sif
Minor Sif/Thor (Marvel)
New York City
Post-Battle of New York (Marvel)
Mentions of Spider-man
The Avengers Are Good Bros
to stiles
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski Friendship
Lydia Martin & Stiles Stilinski Friendship
Awesome Sheriff Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski's Name is John
Sheriff isn't Stiles father
biologically anyway
Post-Nogitsune Stiles Stilinski
Post-Nogitsune
Nogitsune Effects
Enhanced Stiles Stilinski
Inhuman Stiles Stilinski
Inhumans (Marvel)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

