Work Text:
“Hell no”“Hell yes”“Fury-““Steve.”“No going to happen.”“Is going to happen.”This is how their meeting was going. Bucky and Steve, Bucky and Steve. Out of all the avengers Fury could’ve needed he need Bucky and Steve. Steve and Bucky. Fuck.“I don’t understand why you guys are hanging onto the door on this one. You’ve been asking me for some more action-““That was actually Clint.” Steve said under his breath.“I don’t give a flying fuck who said a goddamn thing. Fucking do it. Now get out.” Fury said turning around to stare out of his window.“So dramatic.” Bucky said, Steve snickering as he followed him out.“Tony won’t like it.” “I know.” “Hey baby!” Steve called out, the two super soldiers didn’t hear a reply as they walk down the hallway to there bedroom.“”Tones?” Bucky whispered, he open the bedroom to see Tony sound asleep wearing the most cutest thing ever. “What is it- oh my god.” Steve cut himself off as he saw what Bucky stopped for.“Awww” Tony was on their bed, right in the middle, one leg thrown over the blanket, wearing his Iron Man socks, and a T-shirt that covered just the barely bottom of his perfect ass. That wasn’t all though his shirt was half of the Captain America and the other half The Winter Solider, and a Bucky bear on Bucky’s pillow, and the Captain America bear on Steve’s pillow. He was their perfect omega.“Fuck!” Bucky exclaimed. Steve hit him in the chest, “What?, he’s hot!”“Yea and sleep,JARVIS how long has Tony been asleep?” Steve asked, “Since you left this morning, so 10 hours Sir Rogers.”
“Wow he’s been sleep for a long time let’s wake him up.” Bucky stated as he moved over to the bed. As he went over to the bed his mouth water at the sight of their omega all pretty and pliant sleeping like an angel. When he pulled back the covers he swore he could’ve cum in his pants.“Stevie come here.” He said huskily.“What is it- holy shit.” Both brooklyn boys stared for a minute before, “I rimming him first.” Steve stated, surprising Bucky, “Wait no fair, you rimmed his last time.” He pouted.“No I fingered him, and he was awake” He said matter-of-factly. “ублюдку”“No Tony fucker only.” Smirked Steve as he took of his shirt and unbuckled his pants.“Well I get to finger him then.” Bucky said doing the same as Steve throwing it in a pile instead.“Bucky fold your clothes for gods sake.” Steve gave Bucky and disappointed look while Bucky rolled his eyes but did as he was told.“Yes mom.” Steve ignored him and got to work, he didn't want to wake Tony and wanted to make him come in his sleep. His inner alpha agreed, also Tony was more clingy in his sleep.He pulled the cover all the way back and grabbed Tony’s ankles pulling them apart so his legs could be spread out. Tony shivered at the breeze to his groin but ignored it and kept on sleeping. “Move over punk.” Bucky said sliding Steve over so that they both laid between Tony’s legs. The sight it self would’ve sent anybody over the edge, two strong, muscular, super solider, alphas between their legs. “Okay but I have to rim first.” Steve pulled apart Tony’s ass and licked his lips at the sight, Tony was always so tight. He licked one long strip from his crack to the tip of his dick. He did it a couple more times, and he went straight for the hole itself. Everytime he went deeper the omega’s legs would subconsciously try to close but Bucky had grip on one of his ankles that would keep him from closing his legs. Slick was starting to form at Steve actions, he was really going for it. “Fuck he tastes so good, how can an ass taste so amazing.” Steve thought, he let go for a second to sit up and cross his legs. He pulled Tony up a bit and lifted his hips so that his legs were over his shoulders and his butt was in his face. Steve grinned like a madman and went back in. Bucky was just shocked how Tony hasn't woke up yet, have how much slick was on Steve's face, he envied him so much right now. But he was done waiting and sat up to. Yanking Tony from Steve’s hold.“Time is up for you.” Bucky said smiling at Steve’s growl, “Oh be quiet.” Bucky plucked Steve on the nose and got Tony in the same position Steve had him in. He looked at the mess Tony made, and like a two year old stuck his whole finger in there. Tony jumped at the feeling, Bucky and Steve froze waiting for Tony to wake up, but he just wiggled a bit before laying back down.
Bucky took that as a go and slowly pulled his one finger out and pushed it back in deeming it was loose enough to fit two. He pushed two in trying to find Tony’s prostate.“What are you doing?” asked Steve rubbing his had along his omega’s thigh.“Trying to find his prostate.” Bucky said with a focused face.“Here let me help," Steve stuck his one finger in searched around for it to. Meanwhile Tony was feeling what was going on below the belt and slowly woke up, to see his butt in his alphas face staring down at his asshole with both their fingers in there. Bucky holding one ankle and Steve the other. He was hard as fuck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Vibrators
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Sleepy Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

