Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve would never admit it out loud, but he misses the aliens.  Turns out Invaders From Space make a fine distraction, and for a few days there, he was busy enough to forget for full minutes at a time that it's the 21st century and he's lost everything that really mattered. With aliens swarming down through a glimmering portal, screeching and shooting and riding giant whales that swam gracefully through the air, it was so easy to pretend that he was dreaming.  Or acting out some elaborate science fiction story. Aliens seem to fit better in this strange new world than Steve does.  They match the flashy lights in Times Square and all the screens they've managed to cram into Steve's room, even when he requested something simple.Still, now that the streets around The Tower are quiet again, mangled alien-corpses hauled away by men in biohazard suits, it’s harder to ignore that this is it. The Future!  And it’s really Steve's life now. With no aliens to fight, no greater purpose, every little mundane thing convinces him further that this whole bizarre world is, actually, unfortunately, real.  The beeping in his ear is real.  The phone plugged in on the bedside table is real.  Last night Steve really set the alarm to wake him up, the way that real SHIELD agent taught him to during those first weeks of debriefing.  Steve opens his real eyes to a dark room, light from the real sun blocked out completely by some strange technology of Tony's window.  Tony is the real, living, breathing (sorta grown up but not really) son of Howard.  Howard's really been dead for decades.  If Steve wanted, he could open his real mouth and talk to Jarvis (who is real, but also not real), asking him to change the window and let the light in.  Instead Steve sits up, gets dressed in the dark, and reminds himself like he reminds himself every morning.  The year is 2012.  Bucky's been dead 43 days and, also, 67 years.  This is Steve's real life now, not a particularly wacky dream or a fantastical story from one of Bucky's pulps.Steve was frozen for a long time, and in the three weeks he’s been awake, he’s learned how to use a cellphone, fought some aliens, and cried himself to sleep when he realized 21st century alcohol is no more effective in getting his super solider body sufficiently drunk than the 20th century kind.Today, he will leave this bedroom and find the coffee already brewed, somehow.  Bruce and Tony are the only ones still here and he never sees either of them in the mornings, but, somehow, the coffee is always just brewed and still hot when Steve gets up at the crack of dawn.Automated.  That's Tony's favorite word. The future is sleek and shinny and automated. If he wants to be of use today, he'll need to be on the streets and clearing away ruble before the work crews even arrive.  The blocks around The Tower with the worst damage are all closed off, barricaded and watched over by the National Guard to keep civilians out, but by noon some eager reporter will slip through some neglected alley or over some fire escape, ready to accost Steve with a barrage of insensitive questions he does not know how to answer.  
Was it cold? Did you dream? Have you been to see Peggy Carter? Does she remember you? 
After that, he'll be forced to spend the rest of the day locked in The Tower, either hitting the heavy bag, listening to Pepper and SHIELD PR people walk him through his upcoming interviews, or letting himself give up, for once, for just a few hours.  He'll pull the cushions off the couch, huddle under some blankets in a small little ball, and he'll mourn. Steve really would prefer the aliens.That's not true either.  Yesterday, they dug out a basement in a half collapsed building two blocks from The Tower.  They found a mother and her two kids, crushed.  In death, they were still holding hands. Steve really would not prefer aliens.  Steve would prefer to have died when he was supposed to, when the aliens were confined to fiction. When Bucky’d only been dead for a handful of days instead of decades.
If the work were less grim, Steve would find it soothing. He tried getting on a motorcycle – right after the Asgardians blasted up to a different space realm – to just go and see all those places Bucky never got to see. The ones they talked about when Steve was too sick to even lift his head off a pillow.He only got two hours out of the city and had to pull over to catch his breath. The crushing, terrifying, heart-stopping panic that filled up his chest and rose up his throat was definitely not soothing, so he turned around and went back to The Tower for lack of other options.Without Bucky, leaving the city is not soothing and neither is staying in his room in The Tower.But this work is.The guys on the work crew nod in greeting when Steve joins them just after sunup to listen to the foreman explain who will be doing what today. Everyone chats a little as the meeting breaks up, moving quickly to get to their assigne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Period-Typical Homophobia
Antisemitism
Jewish Charaters
World War II
Minor Character Death
LGBTQ Themes
Post-Avengers (2012)
Natasha Loves Puns
Everyone loves Steve
An Excess of Matzo Ball Soup
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

