Work Text:
I.Bruce is first to move into the tower, so in a way  you could say that Tony gave him a home, but that wasn’t quite right. After the battle of New York, SHEILD had offered Bruce accommodations at HQ and a job in their labs, but unvoiced by the agent who brought the offer was “and accommodations for the Hulk”. Before he could answer the offer with a practiced “thanks, but no thanks – I hear the jungles of Brazil are very nice this time of year”, Tony strolled up behind him, finally out of the battered, sparking suit, and said, “Hey, Doctor Banner, ready to go?” And Bruce looked at the nervous agent and then at the genius billionaire who had literally poked him with a stick and said, “Just let me grab my stuff.”So Tony had offered him an alternative to SHIELD, but that’s not it either. Once he’d moved in there was his floor, with his own labs and the offer of assistants if he wanted them (he didn’t; he preferred his own company to the company of awe-struck/terrified minions), his favorite blend of tea (a rooibus he’d come to like while hiding from one of Ross’ hit-squads in Central Africa), and even a salary, which he didn’t even know about until Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark Industries and Tony’s girlfriend, pauses on her way out the door from dropping off Bruce’s suit for the charity function SHIELD is throwing (mostly, Clint says, to get everyone’s minds off the fact that they tried to nuke the better part of New York) and says, “Did Tony tell you he’s paying you?”Bruce just blinks at her and she does something that probably would have been an eyeroll if she hadn’t been working for Tony for so long and says, “When was the last time you checked your bank account?”He blinks at her again before pulling up his bank information on his Stark Tablet (also a gift from Tony). There are significantly more millions of dollars than there were three months ago. He takes a deep breath, and then another, envisioning any green that might be showing in his eyes or skin leeching out with the exhale. Then he says, (calmly, always calmly, except when he’s…not), “This is going to sound a little ridiculous, what with –“ he gestures shortly to the high-tech lab around him “-but I really don’t want charity, Ms. Potts. Especially if Mr. Stark is trying to pay me to be his friend.” He half expects her to have retreated, if only behind the files she’s carrying, but they’re still tucked neatly in the crook of one arm.“Doctor Banner.” She looks him straight in the eye. “Tony Stark has never had a normal relationship in his life. His closest friend for over ten years has been Col. Rhodes, and if you read Tony’s file, last year’s notes will tell you something about the irregularity of that particular friendship. Tony is not paying you to be his friend, he is paying you because he respects you and likes you and admires your work and wants you to be able to continue that work in relative peace and quiet.” Something in her face relaxes and she ends, with a smile, “And if you could possibly convince him that he actually does require food and sleep once in a while, I would appreciate it.”Bruce smiles back. “Based on what I’ve seen of Tony’s habits, I’d be better off not making any promises, but I can try.”So there’s the salary and the implicit offer of friendship (Bruce thinks back to Tony’s first words to him and wonders if maybe that was the first offer to both him and the Hulk at once) but it’s really neither of these. Bruce thinks the best thing Tony gave him happened the day after he woke up from letting out the Other Guy to smash a battalion of Golems. He’d asked immediately, “Was anyone hurt?” because he has to know, even though he knows it won’t change anything, but he still asks every time, and Tony’d given him a look that he couldn’t quite decipher, even as Cap said that Hulk only smashed the bad guys. Then later, once his muscles have stopped shaking quite so much and it’s mostly just the residual soreness that always lingers for a day or so after his alter-ego comes out to play, he’s wandered down to Tony’s workshop. He brings coffee with him because Tony is always, without fail, in the mood for caffeine, and taps on the glass door to the workshop.The music is so loud that Bruce can hear it standing outside, but JARVIS must alert Tony that Bruce is there, because the other man waves him in without looking around and the music cuts out.“Bruce! Just the man I wanted to see!” Tony shoves aside whatever it is he’s working on (which, honestly, could be anything from a weapon that could revolutionize modern warfare, to a kosher toaster that’s designed specifically to toast challah bread) and grabs one of the mugs out of Bruce’s hands with all the restraint of an addict. Bruce thinks back to Ms. Potts’ request and wonders if he’s actually become an enabler, but moves that thought aside in favor of raising an inquisitive eyebrow. “Me? Why? Have you made any progress with incorporating the inter-stellar specs Dr. Foster into the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
(background)

freeform: 
Deaf Character
Deaf Clint
Deaf Clint Barton
COULSON LIVES!
Kid Fic
Kid Loki
Comic Book Science
comic book magic
comic book healthcare
five and one fic
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team as Family
Five And One
Gen Work
Mostly Gen
Frigga (mentioned)
Odin (mentioned)
Tony Has Issues
(but he's still a great guy)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
(did i mention i like tony)

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
(background)

