Work Text:
Steve drags his fingers through his hair, sighing heavily before reaching a hand out. He flips the sign in the door window to open and heads back for the register. The little shop is quieter than usual, Sam’s iPod not plugged in yet, and Steve’s alone for the moment. Part of him is glad Sam is running late. It gives him time to make the smile on his face real. He steps back behind the counter, runs his fingers carefully over the handles of the cups lined up across the top of the machine, and spins the small till screen towards him. Like clockwork, the little bell above the door tinkles, and an older woman walks in, hair pulled back into a perfect bun. "Good morning Rhi,” he calls out to her, one finger skimming through the options on the screen as he grabs one of the takeaway cups with the other. “Your usual?” He’d bought the empty street-front store not long after he’d returned to New York, and done it up with his ‘retirement bonus’, and the help of a close friend from college that was looking for a change. They’d bought a decent machine, Sam had managed to sweet-talk a baker looking for nicer hours into the kitchen, they’d hired a couple of college students for the weekend shifts. The coffee had started selling itself within months. They were doing well now, but Steve still liked to be behind the counter, still liked the calm that came with making the perfect cup of coffee over and over. So, even as his mind spins, as the events of then replay in the back of his head, that’s what he does. They have their regulars, in the morning. Rhiannon is usually the first, and he knows it’s because she’s an accountant for a law firm up the road. Then comes Jack, a consultant for a company Steve couldn’t remember the name of, looking far too cheery for seven thirty in the morning, like usual. He’s got his usual order as well, so Steve sticks a cup in the machine, switches on the hot water, before putting the English breakfast tea through the machine so Jack can pay. It’s a blur of faces that morning. Eric, teacher. Janey, IT. Phil, government. Andrea, property manager. None of their orders vary from their norms, so it’s an easy morning in that regard, at least. There are others though, new faces, some almost-familiar, orders completely unfamiliar, and they keep Steve on his toes, makes him wish that the next person sending the bell over the door ringing is Sam. By the time Sam does make it in, holding the door open for Andrea to leave before ducking into the shop, Steve’s glad for the second screen. He’d hoped it would be one of their quieter days, but he’d resigned himself to the opposite, even though it had just gone eight thirty. He’d barely had time to wipe the coffee grind off his hands before tapping out the next order while the three orders before it drip steadily into their cups. The food, god the food had been a mission, running to the cabinet to grab whatever bagel or scone or slice had taken the customer’s fancy that day, running back in time to catch the milk before it overflowed, or the coffee before it ran too far. Sam takes the till immediately, sliding behind the counter with a quick apology before turning to the next person in line and giving them his trademarked Million Dollar Smile. Sam’s always been fantastic with people, and it shows in the way he interacts with their customers. No matter how busy it is, he always takes a moment, while he’s writing up their orders or putting the cost through the till, to open a conversation with them. Every single person leaves the line with a smile, even if Sam’s having a bad day. This? This isn’t a bad day at all. “So, what are your plans for the day?” Steve hears as he tamps down the grind for a large cappuccino, listens to the young woman’s response, and sees the smile on her face as she moves away from the till. Almost immediately, Sam’s sliding over the takeaway cup, cappuccino/trim printed neatly on the side, then turning to the next person, “How’s your morning going?” falling from his lips. Steve’s almost envious of his way with the customers, but keeps his head down for the most part, stretching milk and counting off how long the current shot’s been running for instead. By the time the morning rush has mostly passed, Sam’s good mood is rubbing off on Steve. His hands shake less when he’s holding the milk jug, though that could be the fact that he’s actually getting a moment to breathe. He smiles when someone picks up their coffee, sends them off with a “Thank you,” or a “Have a nice day!” Today’s no different to the others, and Steve can feel himself settling into his skin with his friend around. Time passes, and they fall back into their usual routine. The click of a cup on the benchtop. The rattle of the coffee grinder. The soft whir of the steamer stretching milk until it’s smooth. It’s easy. He doesn’t look over his machine at the customers waiting, doesn’t acknowledge them much until he’s handing cups off, but he’s polite, and they’re not he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
witch!bucky
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Alternate Universe
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Minor Angst
happy/hopeful ending
Steve Rogers Is Not Okay
Bucky Barnes is not okay
Therapy
Veteran!Bucky
Veteran!Steve
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Blow Jobs
Unsafe Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Explicit Consent
bottom!Steve
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-WS Bucky Barnes - Freeform
i promise it ends well but they have internalised shit to work through before they get there
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

