Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Foggy doesn’t notice at first. It’s not unheard of for Matt not to show up at the dining hall for dinner except that he’s not at the library when Foggy swings by to grab him and make him eat. For awhile, he’s convinced that Matt’s probably off getting familiar with the beta girl that’s been flirting with him in their econ class but, when he gets back to their room, he sees Matt curled up in a ball on Foggy’s bed.“You okay, buddy?” he asks, before the smell hits him, makes him go still and hot in an instant. Matt whimpers and stretches out a little at his voice, so Foggy can take in his forehead slick with sweat and his erection through his sweatpants. Shit.“Not okay,” he says, hoarsely. “. . .what the hell, Matt,” Foggy says, hates the base animal dynamic pull that he feels to get his hands all on Matt, hard just from the smell. “You didn’t take suppressants?”Matt moans and shakes his head, squirming around until he’s on his knees with his arms curled around himself and his face buried in Foggy’s pillow. His grey sweatpants are loose on his hips, dipping down over the curve of his ass where a damp spot is blooming out and darkening the fabric, now directly in Foggy’s line of sight.“Shitty school insurance— I didn’t want to waste money and birth control is cheaper. I thought—” Matt starts, then stutters around a moan before he picks up, “I thought that way I could still be, you know, and then just deal with heat when it came, ignore it, but— Shit, I’m on your bed. I’m sorry, I just needed—”Matt doesn’t finish his sentence, moves his head to the side and breathes in slow and deep before he sits up with a jerky motion and tries to move. Foggy goes on instinct, sinks down to touch Matt’s arm and say, “Hey, don’t move, it’s fine,” then drops his hand when Matt jumps at the contact. Matt’s hair is slick and standing up at weird angles, and he’s shaking, mouth wet and open as he angles his head towards Foggy.“I can’t do this,” he says, hoarsely, bright red and hopeless.“What can I do here, Matt?” Foggy asks, and Matt lets out a broken noise that might be a laugh.He pitches forward a little to butt his forehead against Foggy’s shoulder, nuzzling up against his neck and breathing in. Before Foggy has a chance to react, pull Matt in and closer, Matt pulls away again with his face screwed up and says, “You should leave, I shouldn’t—”“Yeah, I should definitely leave,” Foggy says, automatically, “because otherwise I’m gonna do something I regret.”Matt’s face does something painful before he nods, whispers, “Yeah,” and crawls back towards the corner of Foggy’s bed, dragging sheets with him. He curls on his stomach again, hiding his face, and all Foggy wants to do is touch him—get his hands on his skin radiating heat even though they’re not even touching, lick out those moans from Matt’s mouth, feel how wet he is—Yeah, okay, time to go.“I’d only regret it because you’re too messed up to say yes to me,” he says, quietly, and Matt stills from where he was maybe unconsciously rubbing up against the mattress, hips slowly rolling.“I’d say yes,” he says, muffled.“Yeah, well, you’d say yes to any alpha right now, Matty,” Foggy says, and Matt snorts.“Wow, thanks.”“Am I wrong?” Foggy asks. Matt kind of shrugs, turns on his side so he can give Foggy the closest thing to a withering look that he can apparently muster, given the circumstances. “Look, have you ever been through this before?”“Once,” Matt says.“How did that work?” Foggy asks.“I was ten,” Matt says, flatly.“So—bad, then,” Foggy says. “Right. You were alone?”“. . .yeah,” Matt says, after a beat. “I was.”Matt wraps his arms around himself and digs his fingernails into his arm hard, which is probably Foggy’s cue to leave, if that’s what Matt’s doing to keep from touching himself. Foggy hesitates near the door, though, turning back to ask, “Do you have—you know, anything to help you through it?”“What?” Matt asks.“. . .I was trying to be delicate,” Foggy says. “We’re probably beyond that now. Toys? Sex toys?”Matt blushes more and shakes his head.  “Right. Okay, do what you have to do, Matt,” he says. “Stay in the room and don’t unlock the door. I’ll be back.”Matt makes a low, miserable noise but doesn’t say anything else, so Foggy grabs his jacket and his bag and locks the door behind him as he leaves.He just has to go to the single bathroom across the hall before he can do anything else, just to jerk off really quickly. His hands and clothes and everything smell like Matt and Matt smells like the thick, syrupy sex musk of omega slick that Foggy’s only smelled once and that was in high school after prom, salty sweat and pure intangible need. There’s no way he’s going to make it out of the dorm without doing something about it.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Masturbation
Medical Examination
Anal Fisting
Therapeutic Fisting
Public Sex
Knotting Dildos
Knotting
Sociological Implications
Issues of Heat Consent
heat consent issues discussed by both parties before decision is made
Hurt/Comfort
everybody is suffering
lots of suffering
Scenting
Anal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Hand & Finger Kink
Hand Feeding
Emotionally Repressed
Roommates
Porn with Feelings
Self-Lubrication
Cuddling & Snuggling
Omega Matt Murdock
Alpha Foggy Nelson
Matt Murdock and Foggy Nelson at Columbia

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

