Chapter 1: The One with a Sappy Birth Scene
    




Chapter Text

It’s been sixteen hours, and Bucky hasn’t left Steve’s side for a moment the entire time. Feels like he’ll stop breathing if he does, even if seeing his mate in pain is tearing at his heart. They’ve finally gotten Steve settled in a warm bath after the omega spent hours pacing across the apartment. The heat seems to do something for the pain he’s in, for which they’re both grateful. Fortunately, they splurged on a massive tub that they can both easily fit in. Steve’s been more than a little anxious about having anyone other than Bucky close to him, so their midwife is in the other room, giving them space to enjoy the quiet. There’s nothing to do except wait, anyway. Hours of waiting, counting breaths and contractions…

Steve’s between Bucky’s legs, a damp, black tank top clinging to his skin as he leans heavily against the alpha. Another contraction moves through him, and he groans through it, letting Bucky pet his hair. Bucky focuses on counting the seconds as they drag by. Forty-five…forty-six…forty-seven…

Out of nowhere, Steve’s groan turns into a cry, and he shoves away from Bucky, bracing his hands against the wall and the side of the tub. Bucky quickly moves behind him, reaching to rub his back, but Steve pushes him away.

“What is it?” Bucky asks. Steve just shakes his head, crying out again. Bucky can see sweat beading across his forehead, and his toes curling under the water. The contraction hasn’t let up. Bucky sighs, balling his hands into fists as he resists the urge to touch him, hovering as close as Steve will allow.

Finally the contraction ends, and Steve collapses back into Bucky’s arms, gasping for breath and whimpering as Bucky holds him.

“You’ve gotta remember to breathe, Stevie,” Bucky admonishes, pressing a kiss to Steve’s hair. “Even when it hurts.”

“I’m sorry…” Steve murmurs, squeezing his eyes shut. Bucky can’t help but smile at how genuine the apology sounds “That one was different…stronger…”

“Lasted longer too, more than a minute,” Bucky nods. Steve groans again, sounding exhausted. “Should I go get the midwife?”

“I think so,” Steve nods, but he doesn’t let go of Bucky. Bucky smiles, kissing the top of his head.

“I’ll only be a minute, ok?” he murmurs, gradually easing away. Steve’s hands still pull at him, and Bucky almost gives in and stays. But responsibility wins out. “Just a minute, baby, I swear.”

Steve relents, and Bucky rushes through toweling himself off and pulling on a pair of sweatpants so he can poke his head out of the room. Their midwife, April, looks up in the middle of pulling her dark hair up into a bun.

“Sounds like things are progressing,” she smiles. Bucky nods, glancing over his shoulder when Steve cries out again.

“Bucky!” he shouts

“You should get in there,” April chuckles. Bucky doesn’t hesitate to rush back to Steve’s side, kneeling down next to the tub. Steve’s on his knees now, hunched over, one hand clasped over his belly. Bucky takes the other in his grasp, pressing a kiss to Steve’s long-scarred knuckles.

“Breathe, babydoll,” he murmurs, and Steve does, squeezing Bucky’s hand tighter as that same breath comes out as a long groan. The pain must be awful if Steve’s making it known like this. “I’d hurt for you if I could…”

Steve’s weak laugh makes him realize he’s said it out loud. The omega manages a pained smile in Bucky’s direction through the last waves of his contraction. “I love you,” he murmurs.

Bucky flashes a little smile back before glancing up when April sits on the edge of the tub. “Doing ok?” she asks, giving Steve a quick once-over.

“I don’t even know anymore,” Steve whines, still panting to catch his breath. Out of nowhere, he doubles over with another contraction, and Bucky’s arms are around him without hesitation. Steve clings to him, panting and shivering, his skin breaking out in a cold sweat. Bucky provides the answer his omega can’t give.

“They’re more than a minute long now, with barely anytime in between,” he explains quickly. April nods, waiting until the contraction has ended before speaking again.

“Steve,” she murmurs, making sure she has the omega’s attention, even if it’s divided. “Are you having any urge to push?”

Steve nods. “P-pressure’s really strong…” he forces out. “Is that ok?”

“Yes,” April replies. “You’ve been fully dilated for a while, when you feel that instinct kicking in, listen to it.”

Steve manages another nod before his face is hidden in Bucky’s shoulder again, muffling another drawn out cry that Bucky feels in the core of his own body. Steve tenses up under his hands, and Bucky forces himself not to react protectively when April strokes down Steve’s back.

“That’s good,” she murmurs, glancing at Bucky. “Remember to breathe.” Steve just groans again.

“Hear that, Stevie?” Bucky tries. “You gotta catch your breath. Pace yourself.” Steve nuzzles Bucky’s shoulder, maybe trying to shake his head. “Come on, baby, remember how you’v
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
birth scene
Mpreg
Lactation Kink
Male Lactation
Knotting
Pregnancy Kink
Winnie Barnes-Rogers (daughter)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Sex Toys
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Size Kink
Size Difference

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

