Work Text:
”It is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.”
Laura Ingalls WilderThe door to the basement opened, light blinding the occupants.  Bucky didn’t need to see his face to recognize the figure in the doorway, though; it wasn’t mealtime, which meant it could only be Pierce, here to pull one of them away, to contract them out and make good their debts.When he’d arranged passage from Russia for himself, Becka, and Natasha, he had thought they would be given work in America, to pay off the cost of travel visas and the ocean voyage.  It didn’t take long to discover how wrong he’d been, although Bucky supposed work on your back was work, of a sort . . . and if you were lucky, it even came with a ring attached.  In the meantime, they huddled like pigs in the basement, and worked on their hands and knees, cleaning house for men and women who had their other needs supplied elsewhere.  And every so often, the door opened, and Pierce, who arranged their futures the way he had arranged their trip to America—with strings attached—hauled one of them away.Becka had gone first, young and pretty even in the wake of their time in Siberia.  She’d come back, a month later, beaten half to death and sick with pneumonia.  Natasha had left not long after, with two lawmen down from northern California in pursuit of a criminal she’d help them track down when she was supposed to be polishing bannisters.  They gave her the reward money, which she gave to Pierce in exchange for freedom.Bucky would’ve gone, then, but Becka was ill, and someone had to pay off her doctor bill.  Someone had to nurse her, and work double shifts while she recuperated.Someone had to bury her, when she died.So Bucky had stayed, and worked, and waited, and if he sometimes wondered whether Natasha would come back for him, it was only a passing fancy.  He might’ve been born American, but he’d spent the last twenty years in Russia; he knew better than to dream of miracles.So when Pierce stood in the doorway and called his name, well, it was only to be expected.He had red in his ledger, and Pierce aimed to wipe it out.“You’re going to be sent to Paradise,” Pierce told him, “to be married to a Mr. Rogers.  He recently took guardianship of two young boys, and needs someone to keep house and raise them.  I expect a glowing report; if he sends you back it’s on your own dime.”Bucky nodded.“Go pack; Sitwell has tickets for the 8:00 stage.”He didn’t have much: a change of work clothes and his Sunday best, which he’d have to turn and repiece in the near future; his mother’s locket, with pictures of her and his dad on one side and Becka on the other; and a daguerreotype of himself, his mom, and Becka, taken not long after they’d been deported from Brooklyn, still dressed in mourning.  He also had almost twenty dollars he’d been saving up in secret; if the marriage didn’t go well, if Rogers did half the things Becka’s husband had, he’d run.  He’d run before he ever let Pierce get him again, and he’d keep on running until he was dead or in New York.  He was an American citizen, even though his mom hadn’t been, so they couldn’t send him away, back to Siberia and the cold.  He could go back to Brooklyn, the last place he’d really felt at home, and lose himself in a city so big Pierce would never find him, and neither would Rogers, and maybe, eventually, he’d be safe again.He tucked the money in his boot, and headed back upstairs to Pierce, and Sitwell, and the 8:00 stage.  The journey was a long one—so long, in fact, that they broke it up into two days, spending the night in a hotel.  Bucky winced to think of how much the room was costing his future husband, and what that meant for him.  Was his husband rich, or would he take it out of Bucky’s hide, or both?  Sitwell had a hearty dinner in the hotel restaurant, but Bucky stuck to the meager provisions Pierce had sent him with.  He didn’t want to add to the bill, to start his marriage on the wrong foot.  It hardly mattered, anyway.  It took everything he had not to lose the small amount of food he managed to swallow, when Sitwell pointed out that this time the next day, he’d be James Buchanan Rogers.“You should be grateful he wants to marry you,” Sitwell said, and it was true.  He should.  Plenty of people had left Pierce’s basement without the promise of a ring, and Bucky had seen what it got them.  But a ring and a promise to God hadn’t helped Becka any; why should it help him?“Just think of those kids.  You’re shaping their future, their world.”“That’s Pierce talking,” Bucky said.Sitwell shrugged.  “You don’t get where he is without knowing what you’re talking about.  You’re a good kid, Barnes.  You’ve done good work, honest work, and now you’re being asked to do it one more time.  So finish your sandwich, and get some sleep.  You want to look your best tomorrow.”Bucky couldn’t wait for the minute he didn’t have to take orders from Sitwell anymore.  Except, of course, that he’d be trading on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Western
Mail Order Brides
Mpreg
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

