Work Text:
Chapter One
In which Bucky is as oblivious as they come
James Buchanan Barnes, better known as Bucky, would like to stipulate from the very beginning that when everything started, he wasn't having a great day. And while this wouldn't excuse future events, or his behavior throughout them, it should be recognized that there were extenuating circumstances, that he could have an excuse note - mostly filled with “Bucky was having a bad day, so it was hard for him to concentrate. Bucky was also a lunatic for talking about himself in third person.” Huh. The last bit sounded exactly like Becca. Odd.Anyway, this story should begin with an excuse: Bucky Barnes wasn't having a great day. It had started in the wee hours of the morning when Jack, hisdogslashhiseverything, woke him up by staring at him. It was his special way of dealing with Bucky when his master refused to wake up. First, Jack would huff and puff, changing his place in Bucky's bedroom a million times. When that tactic didn't work, Jack would choose his next plan of attack, which involved sleeping as close to Bucky's prone form as possible, maybe even licking his ear a few times, because his dog was an asshole and no one was going to tell him otherwise. When even that failed, Jack adopted the creepiest approach. He would sit in front of Bucky, wherever his face was pointing, and then silently stare. You see, Jack was a brilliant strategist.This should also be added to Bucky's excuse note.Bucky had stirred under the creepy stare, opened his eyes, groaned and pulled himself up to take Jack outside. His dog rarely needed to go out during the night, but God help Bucky if he didn't let Jack out when he decided he had to. The stare would be accompanied by a small whine every once in a while to make him feel like the most horrible human being ever. So there he was, four o'clock in the morning, yawning his face off and watching his dog scent something, changing the chosen place about five hundred times before finally deciding which identical patch of grass to bless with his pee. He was really too tired and too old for this shit.The excuse note should also be filled with Bucky Barnes can't function as a human being without having his daily intake of coffee, which was of course the reason why he tripped over air, almost slamming his face into the nightstand (that he'd made for himself, something he'd been happier about before he'd almost brained himself on it) because he was classy like that.After managing to grab a few more hours of sleep, he slipped in the shower, almost breaking his leg, his calf still burning an hour later due to the strain. By then, Jack was waiting for him in the hallway, leash in his mouth and another sneaker chewed, and Bucky Barnes was convinced that it was going to be a terrible no good Saturday. His t-shirt still had coffee stains, one of his sneakers had a hole in it, and no matter how many times he ran his fingers through his hair, it still looked like a bird's nest.This was where the story found him: in mid rant.Bucky Barnes opened the door and let his dog follow him outside.“Do I chew on your toys? I don't think so. Do I eat your cookies?” Bucky stopped, waiting pensively as Jack tilted his head just so, but quickly resumed. “It happened once and vodka was involved, so you've still got no excuse. Do I donate your old toys to the shelter without asking? Nope, because I'm classy like that. Point is, Jack, you keep chewing on my shoes, you'll have to find a job to support your fetish. You can join the circus. That's it! You join the circus, find a way to charm the public and make them love you, so daddy can cash in and buy all the sneakers he wants. And some cookies for you. If, and that's a big if, you behave and leave daddy's shoes alone,” Bucky stopped long enough to take the keys out of his pocket and then added, sounding defeated, “but something tells me you won't.”“That sounds like doggy cruelty to me. Should I alert the doggy police?” The voice startled him enough to drop his keys. He bent down for them, eventually glancing at the new guy across the rail, offering a hesitant smile. The man was tall and fit, dark brown skin stretching perfectly over his well-defined arms, the muscles bulging slightly as he held the moving box. He was so clean-cut Bucky started to burn with a strong sense of inadequacy. Even on his best days, he didn't clean up that well. The new guy smirked. “Sorry, didn't mean to scare you.”“No problem. I was too busy arguing with Jack to notice you.” Hearing his name, hisdogslashtraitor preened and wagged his tail. Twice. Bucky was utterly convinced Jack was an evil genius in the making.“Hi, Jack.” The other guy freed one of his hands by balancing the box on the rail and Jack sniffed it as he got a scratch under his chin, his ultimate favourite spot. “Is your master always prone to animal cruelty?”“Well, what about Bucky cruelty?” he sputtered. “There's only so many pairs of shoes I can buy before the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
modern!Buckycap!Steve
Shrunkyclunks
Stucky Big Bang 2016
Original Character(s)
Deaf Clint Barton
Adorable Dogs
Obliviousness
Implied Natasha Romanov/ Clint Barton

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

