Chapter 1



Notes:
Wow you guys! I'm glad you all liked the last installment and once again I'm completely over the moon about the responses and discussions from everyone. This came out a little bit more angsty than I intended. It was originally written in Tony's POV but the angst levels made it way too dark. I wanted to take us back to the very beginning of their friendship and from here on out there probably won't be as much angst as this. Once again, my fics are unbeta'd so i apologize for any mistakes. I own none of these characters as per usual.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Timeline: 6 Months after CA:CW “You know…you totally suck at keeping secrets, “ Banner’s voice echoed down the hallway. T'Challa stopped abruptly, plate gripped in his hands. Only years of training kept him upright and the food still on the plate.“How could you Bruce?” I'm offended you would even think such a thing of me.”He had never met the man but the thought chilled him to his core. The untold rage and strength of the man was all he saw when he ventured to Johannesburg to assist in relief aid. If that hadn't been enough, the stark terror in the eyes of his victims cemented it fully. Layers of dirt covered nearly everything in the epicenter of the Hulk's rampage and Iron Man's attempt to stop him. The smell of death was so pungent he was still unable to rid it from his thoughts. Citizens lying broken and wide eyed on the ground. He grimaced at the thought. His father wanted him to personally assist with the relief aid to get him acquainted with the new destructive beings in the world.“Point made, I think,” Bruce's voice carried down the hall. T'Challa stepped into view unsure of whether or not he would actually like the man who carried the Hulk inside of him. This was the man that had sparked his father's belief in the Accords.Tony sat on a stool in front of a workbench. In his hands he twirled a screwdriver and what could possibly be a War Machine component. At closer inspection it appeared to be a long jointed piece of metal. Several computer components lay scattered across the table and a screen hung in his air over the parts boasting Banner’s tired but amused looking face. He locked eyes with T'Challa and Tony swiveled in his chair, tools and strange contraption dropped to rest on his thighs.“Security breach! FRIDAY? Am I going to have to donate you along with Dum-E? Hmm?”Bruce snorted.“I apologize, Boss. Dr. Banner messaged me that you haven’t eaten since you accepted his phone call over 5 hours ago and that he suspected you we going to forgo dinner as well. Ms. Potts would have sent lunch directly to the floor if her access hadn’t been revoked.”Bruce scowled at his own ceiling, God knows where, as if Friday were responding in his own home. T’Challa wondered why Pepper Potts had been denied access while Tony began grumbling.“Traitors! The whole lot of you. I'm wounded! Deeply…hey wait…is that peanut butter?”T’Challa glanced speculatively at the plate in his hand. When he had arrived at the tower they were sat on the counter without a staff member in sight. Suspicious of the intent he had taken a whiff to try to determine if they were safe when FRIDAY startled him by requesting that he take them down to the workshop and meet her creator there. It seems he had been relegated to delivery boy the moment he stepped foot in the communal floor.“It would appear so,” T'Challa said and handed off the plate to Tony's eagerly wiggling fingers.“And to what do I owe the honor of your visit by your royal pantherness?” Tony asked around a bite of his peanut butter sandwich.“Tony!”“What?”“He’s a king! You don’t talk to kings that way!” Banner admonished.“Actually—” T’Challa started to speak.“It’s our thing, right T’Challa?” Tony said, with his back to Banner’s screen. He nodded at him while Banner shook his head exasperation clear on his face.“So, T’Challa this is Bruce Banner,” Tony said, more seriously after he’d swallowed down his bite of sandwich. “He’s...”“The Hulk, I know,” T’Challa said flatly. “I have seen your work in Johannesburg. Very interesting.”Bruce pulled back from the screen with a pained expression on his face while the omega man in front of him set his plate down and outright glared at him.“I aided in the relief effort along side your September Foundation,” T’Challa said, not budging beneath the wilting stare the man gave him.“How kind of you,” Tony replied. “Bruce, I’m going to have to talk to you about the rest of the project later at our usual time.”“Later, Tony,” Bruce said. His eyes tinged green along his pupils mingling with the hazel T’Challa saw when their eyes next met. He nodded tightly at him and T’Challa had to take a breath at the grief that flickered across his face before the screen went blank and then disappeared completely. The holographic technology was interesting and he had a dozen or so questions at the tip of his tongue to ask the man behind 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
POV T'Challa
Hurt Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha T'Challa
Omega Tony Stark
Helen Cho is having none of anyone's shit
Not even T'Challa's
Futurist
Vomiting
Broken Bond
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fear of Death
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
ross is a dick
Pre-Slash
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Rhodey
Steve Rogers is a jerk.com
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

