Chapter 1: Avengers Assembled
    




Chapter Text
Here’s the thing about Merlin, and it is an important thing.He has a way of meeting the right people before they become the right people. He does it without realizing it because he’s the friendly sort of soul. He just likes people, believes in people, wants the best of them to triumph, but he is pragmatic enough to know otherwise. Still, some of that naïve optimism does poke through. Merlin cannot shut himself so far away from the rest of the world again. He will not do so.With this in mind, he goes out and meets people. He makes friends amongst them, even though he can only stay for a lifespan of a mortal man. He mourns them, but cherishes the time spent with them.The people that Merlin truly likes and cares for those are the ones with destinies. They have the potential for becoming truly great. Not that he knows it at the time, the dragons keep their mouths shut to this truth. Merlin will always have Camelot, but there are others paths he must walk first.Much like with the Knights of the Round Table, Merlin met the individuals who would make up the Avengers over time.
Year 1000 (Thor and Loki)
It was the first time that their Father had taken them to another realm. It was the solemn duty of Asgard and her warriors to defend and protect their realms from any attack. Midgard, defenseless and weak as it was, deserved their protection. Odin and Frigga had agreed that this was the best place to take Loki and Thor first.They would be worshipped as gods on Midgard. No one would dare try to hurt the little boys without risking Asgard’s anger. Not after Odin had helped drive the Frost Giants back such a short time ago.Thor and Loki were both excited in the squirmy, bright way that most children were. They chattered excitedly about the upcoming trip to anyone who would give them half a listen. The dangled promise was used to carouse the young ones into minding their lessons and their mother. No matter the realm, children were still children after all. The day of the trip, Thor took a running leap into Loki’s bed in their shared room.“BROTHER!” he shrieked delightedly. He bounced in time with his words. “It is time for you to wake! We’re going to Midgard today!” It was in these moments that Loki cherished when Thor’s attention was solely on him. While Thor was a sore loser, Loki had issues with sharing. He didn’t like sharing Thor’s attention and affections with people outside of their family.Still the excitement of Midgard was too tempting. Another world, different from Asgard sounded so exotic and wonderful to their ears. It was all full of possibilities, just as the other realms sounded with Joutenheim defeated. Asgard was again the shining prosperous beacon of the Realms: an example for all to aspire. Looking back on the trip itself with the rose-tinted glasses that one acquires as they reach adulthood, it is a rare trip which both Loki and Thor remember with great fondness. Even as Loki surrendered himself to his darker inclinations, even as Thor had to be broken in order to be reforged, their first trip to Midgard as boys was a wonderful one. (Privately, when he was older, Thor wondered if the this is why Loki wished to rule this realm. In his broken madness, perhaps he wanted to recapture those precious memories. Yet, a lesson both he and his brother will learn is that you cannot ever returned to a place when you are so irrevocably change. Loki lost bits of himself in the Void. Thor lost a part of himself on Midgard. These are things that can never be truly recovered. No matter how hard one looks for them.) The trip was also the sight of their first real adventure. It was also a warning as well if the boys were more inclined to pay attention. The first days were full of feasting and celebrations. These people who worshipped their parents and relatives so relished the chance to share in breaking bread with them. Odin looked on them as favored pets, while Frigga went about to help as she could. It was all good fun, seeing this strange and primitive world. Thor and Loki were keen on having an adventure on there own.Their Lady Mother, who sees all yet speaks to none, sent them off one day into the woods with some food. She told them they would come across a lake, and that is where they must eat their lunch. Despite being mischievous children, Thor and Loki were very invested in doing as she said. You do not disobey the Queen, after all.So the two boys, one fair and the other dark, went through the woods together. Thor acquired a stick at some point and was using it as a sword. Loki was more fascinated by the different florae and faunae they came across.As they walked, the pair did not realize that the world was reshaping around them. The magic of Midgard had a vested interest in bringing them to a certain lake. Destiny waits for no man: be they mortal or god. Certain events must happen in this way.Eventually, the pair stumbled upon the lake. It was a peaceful pla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
After Camlann Merlin Big Bang

fandom: 
None
