Chapter 1: Prologue: Sing To Me of the Man, Muse...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He woke with a start to complete darkness.  And complete darkness?  Totally panic inducing for reasons he couldn't fathom.  Thankfully it only lasted a few seconds before a pale blue light started to shine.  It appeared to be coming from his chest, though the effect was subdued by the long-sleeved black shirt he was wearing.  Taking a moment to breathe in relief at the light source, he looked around, trying to take in what little he could with the pale light.  At first, the darkness was absolute, but slowly the shadows gave way to a large open room with a wooden desk in the corner.  There was a meticulously made bed next to it that he couldn't help but want to mess up, but those were the only two things in the room.  That, and an unseen light source that he couldn't find, because there was no way he should be able to see all of that from just the light in his chest.  "Empty, huh?" he said, starting at the sound of his own voice.  Was that what he sounded like?  He tried to think about what he knew, which....  Wow.  Really not much.  Come to think of it, he didn't even know his name.  He couldn't get over the feeling that this was an improvement.Shaking his head, he stood up slowly and walked over to the desk.  The drawers were just as empty as the room, but the wood smell was comforting.  Reassuring.  He couldn't place it, though he felt like he should be able to.  Oak?  Cedar?  Maple?  It was annoying, but he couldn't remember what they all smelled like in comparison to this desk.  For now though, he let the smell soothe some of the panic and annoyance.  He looked over at the bed, but it looked just as blank as the desk and without the smell of whatever kind of wood this was.Ignoring the chair, he sat down next to the desk and ran his hands along the grain of the wood.  It was good quality, very well made, though he couldn't tell how he knew that.  And along the grain on the bottom was a hidden catch.Surprised, he ducked under the desk to get a better look.  He found the catch easily enough now that he was looking, and opened it carefully.  As he slid the panel down, he was startled to see a face staring back at him.  He jumped back, bumping his head against the desk.Cursing, he looked back at the sliding panel.  "Hello," he said cautiously.  "Look, I know you're there and I wouldn't want to meet me either, but if you're going to - Oh." He caught sight of the man again.  Except this time the man's lips were moving exactly in time with his words.  He peered at himself.  "Okay, so I'm pretty hot.  Good to know.  Thanks, mirror.  That's enlightening."He traced the goatee along his jaw line, taking in his tired brown eyes and dark hair in the pale blue light.  Definitely hot.  He was quite sure he'd go to bed with a face like that.  Or would, if he didn't feel slightly queasy looking at himself.  "Guess I don't like myself that much.  I'm learning so much about me," he groused.  "And I'm sarcastic too."  At that he perked up a little.  "Maybe I'm not a complete loser."Staring at his own face was disquieting though, and in the blue light coming from his chest, it was easy to imagine his face falling into the shadows and turning more sinister.  Ignoring it, he lifted up his shirt to see the light more clearly.He stared at the metal circle in his chest, then looked at it through the mirror.  It was beautiful.  He traced a finger around the edge of it, pressing in and noting the pressure it placed on his chest.  The light dimmed under his fingers, but it didn't go out.  There was a catch along the bottom that he knew would only respond to his bio-signature and maybe a couple other people?  He didn't know for sure, but that felt right.  He pressed the button, surprised to find that the circle came out.  The light was still just as bright when he took it out of his chest... which was suddenly hurting a lot more than it should.  With a gasp, he shoved the machine back in and slid the catch to cover the mirror as fear washed over him."Not... not doing that again.  Definitely not.  I... Okay, it keeps me alive.  Good to know," he babbled as he leaned against the comfort of the solid wood.  He stayed under the desk for a while, classifying what little he knew about himself in an attempt to calm down.One: Pleasant voice, one that he liked listening to, so he supposed he was a bit full of himself.  Two: He was a handsome S.O.B., but he didn't like the look of himself, so hey, full of himself with issues.  Three: Sarcastic, which was his one redeeming feature so far.  That probably said something about himself that he really didn't want to think about too closely.  Four A: He had a big, invasive machine in his chest that kept away the pain, possibly keeping him alive.  Four B: He was terrified of taking it out."At least I'm getting to know myself," he said as his heartbeat slowed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Hurt/Comfort
Amnesia
Dark
With happy ending
Temporary Character Death
But they get better
The characters know it's (probably) temporary
But the emotional strain is still there
PTSD
Past Torture
mentions of potential child abuse
Minor self-abuse
Cliff hangers
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Team Feels
Mind fuckery
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author enjoyed it far too much...
Literary References & Allusions
Cuddles
Ridiculous amounts of cuddles
Implied Bullying

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

