Work Text:

They’ve talked about this before, the Avengers, and they never quite know what the real issue is.

Tony gets really fired up about it, especially when he’s got some whiskey and rye in him. He sometimes goes on and on about how messed up it is that someone as clearly dead inside as Barnes, gets all of Cap’s attention 95% of the time.

“What’s the other 5%?” Clint asked once.

“Sleep. Captain America has to sleep sometimes, though he’s probably devoting all that REM to Barnes anyway. Skipping through the prairies, or whatever it is old people dream about.” This conversation always makes Tony roll his eyes wildly.

Natasha says it doesn’t matter, not really. “Steve’s good at what he does. It’s not like Barnes is any worse. He holds his own probably better than Steve.”

“You’re missing the point here,” Tony gets in. “We’re all basically expendable in comparison to Cap’s terrifying death-machine boyfriend.”

This usually ends in more arguing and getting more tipsy and more unmanageable until Pepper comes along and boots Tony to bed, or worse, an early morning news conference where he has to pretend he isn’t an alcoholic night owl with a screwdriver.

They never say this to Steve, of course. No one, no one, can handle the patriotic puppy eyes. And they wouldn’t dare talk about this in front of Barnes (most of them have a decent amount of respect for his murder-glare). So they dance around it, arguing forever about the validity of Tony’s jealousy (Wanda says) or the sincerity of his concerns (Rhodey).
 
Either way, the two Brooklyn boys clearly have the Avengers split down the middle on the topic of whether Barnes is worth the extra  effort.
 
—
 
Sometimes the rest of them wonder what the hell goes on in Barnes’s brain during de-briefings. Sure, they’re not the most exciting, or challenging parts of a mission, but they’re pretty damn necessary.

Usually, the Winter Soldier just slouches in his seat, glaring at the wall behind Fury. He contributes very little most days, which the rest of them don’t mind, as it makes the meetings much shorter. When he does open his mouth though, hoo-boy, they all just wanna crawl into separate holes and die.

“Rogers did a fine job of cleaning out that hidden bunker,” Natasha said. “Probably would have been a bit of a scare if those guys had made it out and found us.”

“Yeah, thanks, Cap,” Clint snapped, finger guns pointed at Steve. “Saved our golden buns, you did.”

“Guess that’s why he’s the Captain,” Sam smirked.

“Captain Dumbass,” a dark voice piped up from the back.

Sam’s gaze caught Clint’s and they both looked a little extra stricken all of a sudden.

Steve rolled his eyes and swivelled around. He swiped his hand at Bucky’s dirty great boots on the glass countertop. “Feet off the table.”

Bucky glared at him, dusty black paint still smudged around his eyes. If there was ever a physical embodiment of the word NO, it would be Bucky Barnes.

“Care to elaborate, Barnes?” Fury sighed, “Or are you just reciting slam poetry, one line at a time?”

“Yeah, actually, I will elaborate,” Bucky sat up, pulling his feet down, “you’re all going on about how great of a Captain he is, but did any of you see how he busted that bunker down? No, because none of you were there. He threw himself through the window.”

Clint frowned, “Yeah, but it’s, like, an underground bunker. Where moles and rats live.”

“Four storeys deep!” Barnes barked. “This moron almost broke his neck, falling on some guy working at a desk, fifty feet down, for God’s sake. They didn’t even know we were coming! We could have just ambushed ‘em like normals, but this fuckin’–“

“Hey,” Steve interjected. “It worked out, didn’t it?”

“Listen here, you reckless, hulking, stupid, sonofa–“ Bucky all but hissed.

“Boys,” Natasha cut in. She looked at Bucky, then raised one arched brow. “Are you really surprised, though?”

“He’s an idiot,” Bucky huffed, folding his arms.

“Well, yeah,” Natasha rolled her eyes and Steve’s face went all pouty and affronted.

“Hey–“

“–but you saved his ass, right, Barnes?” Natasha finished.

“Excuse you, I do not need–“ Steve interjected.

“Of course I did,” Bucky huffed haughtily, as if Steve wasn’t even there. “Fuckin’ idiot. Can’t take him anywhere. Gets lost in a bathroom stall.”

Steve turned forward again and folded his arms gruffly, face a little tighter than before. 

Sam’s phone buzzed and he slid it into his lap.

Clint’s message showed an emoji of the american flag, then a frowny face. 

Sam smirked and tapped back with the knife emoji and the crying face.

Clint snorted loudly and Natasha kicked him under the table.

Hill and Fury glanced at one another, the tired caretakers of this kindergarten class.
 
—
 
“Man, he kinda does get away with blue murder,” Clint hummed to Sam as they made their way across the rooftop helipad. He
 hefted the large bag on his shoulder higher. " I mean, ’s not like anyone’s gonna stop the guy.”

“True,” Sam nodded. “Man does have a bionic weapon fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Arguing
Established Relationship
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Hand Jobs
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Power Couple

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

