Work Text:
There was only a split second to think well, that was foolish before the first slam of his body cracked cement. The green creature shook him like a dog shaking a rat to snap its neck. It all happened too fast for him to absorb what was happening until it was over and the pain hit him like a shockwave.The only sound he could find the air to make was a thin whine. He thought the beast might have said something, but the ringing in his ears kept Loki from hearing it. His entire body throbbed hard enough that it was hard to tell how bad the damage was, but he thought his hip might be out of joint, one wrist felt broken, and he didn’t want to think too hard about the condition of his ribs. Loki tried to move his head and pain exploded behind his eyes. He lifted his better hand slowly and probed cautiously at the back of his skull. He could feel blood but no softness. Not fractured, he thought with relief. Just bruised, though that could be just as bad.It is over, he realized, slowly, staring at Stark’s ceiling. Even if the Chitauri won, his state would make it easy for them to take the Tesseract back to Thanos and leave him here, defenseless. And he did not think the Chitauri were going to win.Breathing shallowly, Loki started to roll to his side.Pain ripped through his middle and a howl exploded from his lips. He fell back, panting, his pulse thrumming. Wrong. Something wrong. He moved his good hand, slowly, and made himself press down on his abdomen. Almost immediately, his vision went white and he jerked his hand back, swallowing down the nausea of pain.“Oh,” he said, a little thickly and to no one. “Oh, that’s good.”He needed to get out of here. Get away. He still had friends on Alfheim, maybe, that might be able to offer healing. This time when he rolled to his side he was ready, teeth gritted against the pain, forcing himself to crawl out of the hole his body had left. His head started spinning before he got far, pain throbbing at the back of his skull, humming down his spine. The hot, throbbing agony in his core only seemed to get worse.Just stop a moment, Loki thought, panting, resting his head on one of the stairs and closing his eyes. Just...a moment. Voices. Buzzing somewhere nearby. Buzzing - the Chitauri? No, that was more like clicking. Loki focused on forcing his eyes open, but his vision took what seemed like a long time to clear. He realized, gradually, that he must have lost consciousness during his short ‘rest.’ Damn, he thought, but dully.“Is he dead?” His hawk’s voice, harsh. No, Loki thought, but he could not quite connect his brain to his mouth. He needed to turn over. He ought to at least meet his enemies’ eyes. Die somewhat less of an ignoble death.He steeled himself and rolled to his back, holding back any sound but a very faint gasp. He looked up at them and wanted to laugh. Loki focused his eyes on Thor’s stony face, because it was easier. “I think,” he started to say, but he couldn’t hold onto what he’d meant to say, and he hurt.“Therefore you are,” Stark said, inexplicably. “Something to say? Spit it out.”Something’s wrong, he thought. I’m hurt. He could taste blood on his tongue but maybe he’d just bitten it. He hoped. The Widow started to frown. “His eyes aren’t focusing,” she said. “Could be a concussion.”Thor moved forward, dropping down and Loki shrank back without thinking. Thor took his chin anyway, though, peering into his eyes. Loki tried to pull away, but it was getting harder and harder to-The rest of the thought was gone. His middle throbbed with agony. Thor shook his head, looking aggrieved, as though this - Loki - were a great trial to him. “Come, Loki,” he said, and he realized too late what Thor meant to do as he gripped Loki’s shoulders and moved to haul him up.“No,” Loki gasped, too late. He heard his own short, sharp cry, then nothing for a glorious split second.Buzzing again. It sounded more urgent this time. He opened his eyes foggily and found Thor peering at him. He looked almost worried. He opened his mouth to say so, only to break off when Thor’s fingers probed the knot at the back of his head in favor of a faint distressed sound. “Banner,” he heard someone saying. “Ban-ner. No, you did good, fella, but now we need…”Thor set his head gently back down and moved, unfastening his tunic, and Loki hissed in a breath as his knuckles brushed his chest and within a couple hours he could imagine the rainbow of colors his skin would be. But Thor kept working, mouth a grim line as he moved a hand down under Loki’s ribs. “Don’t,” Loki tried to protest, but Thor ignored him. He didn’t press, at least. His fingers felt very cold on Loki’s skin, and when he glanced down he was almost morbidly fascinated by the pattern of purple bruising. It hardly looked like skin. Like grapes in a wine press, he thought morbidly.“Loki,” Thor said. His voice sounded oddly muffled. “Do you understand what is going on?”He focused for several moments on getting his tongue to work. “Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Hurt Loki
Hurt/Comfort
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Whump
Major Character Injury
what if movies remembered that blunt force trauma was a thing
what if I used that to beat up Loki
and then it ran away from me
Dysfunctional Family

fandom: 
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

