Chapter 1: Aaaangst
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Deadpool had been stalking Peter for almost a year now. - No no no! Stalking is such a harsh word. - Deadpool had been watching over Peter like a guardian angel for a lost soul for nearly a year now. And if Peter was anything right now, it was a lost soul.	Spider-man had been absent from the public eye for even longer. When Aunt May had been diagnosed with dementia, Peter had taken it hard. Some days May didn’t recognize Peter. Some days she would ask about Mary Jane or Gwen. Sometimes about Peter’s parents. But often about Uncle Ben.	Aunt May didn’t remember. She didn’t remember that all of them were dead. Or maybe she did remember and that was why she left to go be with them.	Tony Stark had stepped in when Peter collapsed after Aunt May’s death. He funded Peter and let the boy do whatever he needed to cope with his grief. For a long time Peter did nothing but sleep and visit everyone’s graves. He barely ate. Deadpool had been worried sick.	Recently, however, Spider-man had made a return. Except he wasn’t Spider-man. He was just some dark clad vigilante that covered his tracks well and let all of his pent up anger out on petty crooks. Nobody knew it was Peter because nobody could fathom such violence from the man. Except Deadpool.	When the New York vigilante first appeared, Deadpool had a hunch. It was hard tracking the guy, who was careful to an absolutely paranoid degree. Going off his hunch, Deadpool started breaking into Peter’s house and leaving tracking devices on everything he could find. Eventually, he was able to confirm that Peter and the violent vigilante were the same person.

 The Avengers would have thrown a fit if they knew, but that was because they didn’t understand. Deadpool understood. Wade Wilson understood. He didn’t hold it against Peter. This was something Peter needed and Deadpool hung back and watched, making sure Peter’s grief didn’t threaten his life.	Finally, one night, Deadpool had to intervene. A drug deal gone wrong had left a little boy crying over his dead drugged out mother. Peter had lost his mind and killed everyone in the room. Peter couldn’t stop punching the dead gunman and the little kid couldn’t stop crying.	Inviting himself in, Deadpool chloroformed Peter, dropped the kid somewhere safe and called CPS, then he burnt the house down to hide the evidence of what Peter had done. That taken care of, Deadpool spirited Peter away.	~*~	Peter woke up in an unfamiliar place on an unfamiliar bed. Rolling over with a groan, he became aware of a raging headache throbbing behind his temples. He tried to groan, but that just brought about the realization that his throat was raw and he had cottonmouth. Part of him wanted to know what had happened, but mostly he didn’t care. He just wanted to stop hurting.	“Baby boy! You awake?” A loud voice nearly shattered the inside of Peter’s skull. “Awww! You look like you’re in pain! I’ll get you some painkillers and a gallon of water, shnookums.”	There was only one person in the world that would talk to him like that. “Wade?” Peter rasped.	“Ohhhh, that breathy voice calling my name is going in the spank bank, Petey Pie!”	Deadpool returned with four pills and a glass of water. Surprisingly gentle, he helped Peter sit up and assisted in making sure Peter didn’t spill water all over himself. Once Peter had guzzled the water and was slowly leaned back against the wall with a pillow behind his head, he cracked an eye open to look at at the black and red clad person beside him.	“Where are we?” Peter whispered, not wanting to hurt his throat or head any more than it already was.	“A safe house of mine in the wilds of New York state. Some time away from the smog will do wonders for your complexion!” Deadpool ran his hands over his mask as if he were in a skin care commercial.	“Oh…” Peter lolled his head to the side and stared at the wall. The urge to ask why or what happened vanished as quickly as they appeared. He didn’t really care. He didn’t really care about anything. The all consuming numbness had found him once more.	His silence and dead eyes didn’t seem to faze Deadpool who continued chattering happily. “It’s gonna be a great holiday! We’ll watch movies and look at the stars and tell each other about our first kiss and in the morning I’ll make waffles!”	Peter didn’t respond and Deadpool didn’t mind. For the next few weeks, this set up a trend. Deadpool would drag Peter along and Peter would do whatever was set before him mindlessly. His distance never bothered the merc and there was never a lull in the conversation due to Deadpool’s rambling mouth. Peter didn’t really care. It was a distraction and Deadpool was the only person in the world not constantly asking if he was okay.	He wasn’t okay. He’d never be okay again. He just wanted people to stop asking as if the answer was going to suddenly change one day.	Then life shifted into a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man
Spideypool

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
BDSM
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Blindfolds
Bondage
Porn With Plot
Angst
Unhealthy Relationships
Smut
Kinks
Sorry Not Sorry
Sex Toys
Spanking
Peter Needs a Hug
dom!wade
sub!peter
Dubious Consent
Punishment
Pet Play
Flogging
Exhibitionism
freshasafuckingdaisy!kink
Knife Play
Shaving
Stockings
Bunny!
Rough Sex
Clothed Sex
Mirror Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man
Spideypool

