Work Text:
Charles is tired. He has been up for thirty-three hours straight working on this latest project, and he's probably consumed more caffeine in the last couple of days than he has in his entire life. It gets to the point where he can't even focus on the words in front of his eyes anymore; the letters swim across the page in vague undulating lines, and when he keeps reading "clocks" as "cocks" he admits that he needs a break. Leaning back in his chair, he stretches his stiff muscles and then reaches for his phone. He's got one message: Raven, telling him to text her if he's planning on sleeping at the office again. He shoots her a quick message telling her that he'll be home but it'll probably be late, given that he's still got four reports to plow through before he can go home for the night. Then he checks the weather, plays a short game of Bejeweled, and then glances at the clock. 9:43. Surely not too late to call.He pulls up his contacts and scrolls down to E. He's only met this guy last week, but he can't get him off his mind. So far, Eric's been everything Charles could've asked for: a casual friend who isn't averse to Charles warming his bed at night and then slipping out in the morning without even leaving a note. They've had sex four times in the last week alone, and Charles can envision this turning into a regular thing. Good, he thinks. He doesn't have the time or motivation for a committed relationship, and he's too old to go picking up a different fling every night anymore. It would be nice to have stability, even if it is the no strings attached sort. He debates calling. From the four days he's spent in the man's company, he can tell Eric isn't the type to go to bed before midnight. If what he knows of him is accurate—and Charles is very good at reading people—Eric is probably flopped on his bed with his reading glasses on and his laptop open to surf the web. As a courier, Eric has to get up early on weekdays to report to work but it also means that he doesn't work at home. This means that there’s a very good chance he isn’t busy at the moment, Charles muses. His finger hovers over the call button for a long minute.Then an idea strikes him. Almost as soon as it does, Charles bats it away. But then he thinks—why not? There's no one else left in the office this late except him and probably his boss, who considers it a point of pride to never leave before every other employee has done so. Charles would feel guilty about keeping Lehnsherr from going home, except that he knows Lehnsherr is a night owl anyway and that he's got just as much work to get done as Charles. He'd probably stay regardless. But everyone else has gone home, and Charles has his private office. There's no one around to see.He gets up and shuts the door. Then he opens up his contacts list, types in a rapid text, and hits send.Not even a moment later, he gets a reply: What?Charles smirks. what does it look like? i'm bored.A minute passes. Then: You should be working.
you're not the boss of me. you want to take me up on my offer or not?
He waits for two minutes. When no answer comes, he takes it as acquiescence and sets about composing his next text. He chews on his lip and thinks about it for a long moment. A slow burn would be good. Build up Eric's frustrations and all that. It would make for better sex later, Charles figures, if they get some of the foreplay out of the way with a few well-worded texts. Charles has never liked being patient.
we'll be in my bedroom. i'll be standing, and you'll be lying on the bed. you'll tell me to strip, and i will. i'll start with my shirt, slowly, popping off one button at a time.
He fires that off and waits. When there's no reply, he assumes that he has Eric's attention now. Grinning, he adds, i'll slide my shirt off completely. then i'll unbuckle my pants and shimmy out of them. underneath i don't have any underwear on. thought i'd go commando today.Still no answer. A little more awake now, Charles straightens in his chair and thinks out his next words carefully. i'll crawl onto the bed next to you. you've still got all your clothes on but we'll fix that soon enough. i won't waste any time. i'll unzip your pants and pull out your cock. i'll lick a long stripe on its underside and keep licking you until you get hard.He lets one minute pass. No reply. Wondering if he isn't as fantastic at sexting as he supposes (and really, it's his first time, he can't be blamed for missteps), he sends, what? don't tell me you fell asleep.Not even fifteen seconds later, one message pops up: No. Go on.Charles grins. if you say so. once you're hard i'll grab the lube and slick myself up. you’ll watch as i slide one finger into myself. you’re not allowed to touch. i’ll add another finger then a third. shouldn’t take me long – i’m still a little loose from the fucking you gave me last night you know.A muffled thump makes him freeze. Glancing up at the door, he waits with bated breath, ready to hide his phon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Sexting
Anal Sex
Office Desk Sex
Charles is a flustered Dork
Dirty Talk
Erik is Hot and Bothered

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

