Chapter 1: The one where they sorta meet if Bucky had Netflix
    




Chapter Text




 Bucky received the call at 9:53 in the morning, and his stomach sank the same way it always did when he was directed to get on a flight to New York City.  Technically, getting into contact with his family was frowned upon, but he sent off a text to his sister anyway: what are your plans today?  Bucky loved his family, considered himself close to them through virtue of still having conversations with them despite the fact he hadn’t seen them for almost a year. He didn’t consider himself a family-man, in any way, shape, or form, but to him the term meant something entirely different when it was referring to his parents and his sister, and not a spouse and children.  Bucky had no desire for that white picket fence (literal or metaphorical) that happened once one settled down into a relationship.  He enjoyed that his job could take him anywhere in the states, he liked waking up in Washington, DC and going to bed in California. Settling down, to Bucky, meant settling. He wasn’t the type to settle for anything. Still, every time the FBI’s Hostage Rescue Team was called in to New York City his stomach jumped.  It wasn’t the risk to 8 million people.  It was the risk to the three he cared about.  Bucky never worried about himself.  His job was dangerous, and he knew what he had signed on for, but the idea of those three people being caught up in collateral damage for the grand-scale type threats he got called in for made his stomach clench. Becca didn’t text back.  At 10:37 Bucky boarded a government plane to New York and turned off his phone. “Don’t worry about it,” Sam said, nodding to how Bucky had tightened his grasp around the cell before shoving it into his pocket.  “The assessment on this one is low-risk and contained.  The New York field office has decided not to evacuate yet.  We’ll be on standby.” “You know as well as I do that if we’re on a plane already, that’s bullshit.” Sam shrugged, digging a book out of his carry-on.  “Could be political. That’s happened before.  Someone thinks evacuating a building with thousands of people looks bad, makes the wrong call, people die.  Or, could be an unsubstantiated rumor.” “Could be,” Bucky agreed, unconvinced.  “What are the chances Becca is at this thing?” Sam’s attention turned back to Bucky with a frown.  “You know your sister better than I do.  Are you concerned?” “Maybe,” Bucky hedged. Sam observed him more carefully before he pulled back, clearly trying to hide his amusement in the face of Bucky’s worry.  “You have no idea what a comic con is, do you?” “I know enough,” Bucky answered, resisting the urge to scowl.  No, that was wrong, he was scowling.  “I know enough to be concerned.  She likes that nerdy kind of shit.” “See, a lot of people can say it like that and get away with it, but it sounds offensive coming out of your mouth.  Almost everyone likes some kind of nerdy shit.” “Well I wasn’t trying to tiptoe around what it is,” Bucky responded.  “Bunch of grown adults with entitlement issues who live in their mother’s basements and spend all their time on the internet, all wearing weird costumes and gathering in one place.  It’s no wonder there’s a threat, the threat assessment practically writes itself.” “You need hobbies,” Sam informed him.  “You need to like things so you can understand other people who have actual, shared interests.” “I like things.” Bucky’s smile was all teeth.  “Other people seem to like it too.  It’s been a common interest to most people I willingly spend time with outside of work.” “Ok, dick jokes, I’m going back to my book now.”  Sam tilted his head back down to the paperback in his hand.  Then he looked back up at Bucky.  “No, this is going to bother me for the rest of the flight if I don’t say it.  Do you not have a social life besides getting laid?  That can’t be healthy.” “I enjoy sex, there’s no shame in it,” Bucky shrugged.  “I do other things besides people.  I go to the gym.  I’ve been known to read.  I watch the game at your place when you have us over.” Sam snorted.  “Yeah, fine, do what you enjoy.  Just don’t lie about reading.” “I read!” Bucky insisted.  Well, he knew how to, anyway.  Maybe he didn’t actually pick up a book that often, and when he did it was usually related to work. That was dedication, not a lack of interests.  It wasn’t Bucky’s fault that his main loves in life were his job and sex, and he enjoyed maintaining his physique for both.  “What was the last thing you read?” Sam demanded.  “For fun.” “A book on tactical warfare, and it was probably a lot better than what you’re currently reading if you’d rather bother me instead.” “Look, I’m not saying you have to be a reader.  I’m not even saying you need to go out and get a lame hobby to spend time on, I’m just saying that you probably shouldn’t be calling people nerds when the last book you read for fun was on tactical warfare.” “Yeah, touché,” Bucky conceded.  “Als
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternative Universe - FBI
Alternate Universe - Actors
The Howling Commandos (television show)
Actor Steve Rogers
FBI Agent Bucky
Fuckbuddies
Falling In Love
Snark
Romantic Comedy
Eventual Happy Ending
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Slow Burn
Pining
Phone Sex
Sexting
Steve the cardboard cutout
Casual Sex
Sam is long-suffering but brings it on himself

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

