Work Text:
“Can't sleep?”Steve didn't have to turn from where he was looking out over the stars to know who that voice belonged to. Here in the twenty-first century, it was probably the most comforting, familiar voice to him—next to his own, at least.Even still, he refocused his eyes, sending the stars to the background and bringing the thick glass to the foreground of his vision as he watched Tony step up behind him on the bridge.“You, either,” Steve pointed out, once Tony had grown level with him.Tony shrugged in that easy, casual way of his. “Yeah, but I'm a genius inventor. We don't sleep. It's like, a rule to get into our club.”Steve grinned. “So does that make me a member?”Tony laughed and nudged his shoulder into Steve's. He didn't move an inch, though Tony seemed to bounce backwards just a little. “There's a few other qualifications, but maybe I can put in a good word for you. You did save the Earth and all. Predictions about the future be damned.”Steve sighed and rolled his shoulders. He felt... itchy. Anxious. Even though, as Tony had pointed out, they had just saved the world. It wasn't that he felt something wasn't right: no, he knew that they had avoided the future Kang was trying to stop. He could feel it. It was more that he had too much energy to burn off, after being cooped up on this ship for three weeks.He said as much to Tony: “I'll be happy to get my feet back on Earth. Get back to training.”“I could always help you burn off some of that extra energy,” Tony teased.Steve just laughed, used to this sort of easy joking around from Tony.He turned to his right, to glance at Tony, and found the other man looking at him... differently. Hopefully? He certainly didn't look like he was teasing. Sure, there was a smile on his face, but his body language was all wrong, and his eyes were too tight. It was almost like...“Tony?”Tony cleared his throat and laughed. “Teasing! Sorry. Blame it on space-madness.”But now Steve could tell something was really wrong. The more Tony talked, the more nervous he got, the more his body turned away from Steve. That wasn't right.Reaching out, Steve made to touch Tony's shoulder. “If something's on your mind-”Tony jerked away, fake smile still planted firmly on his face. A surge of worry went through Steve. Tony didn't move away from his touches. That's... That's what they did. Clasped at each other's shoulders when they needed encouragement or reassurance, wrapped a hand around the other's forearm when he needed help up. Tony without touching was wrong. It upset the natural order of things.Steve wasn't stupid. He could guess at why Tony was suddenly so skittish. A little slip of the tongue, a joke taken too seriously. Steve might not be in Tony's secret inventors club, but he could still put two and two together.Slowly, telegraphing his every move, Steve reached out and clasped his hand to Tony's shoulder. After waiting a bit, during which time Tony just looked curiously at him (but still guarded, too guarded), Steve moved his hand: slid it across Tony's collarbone, cupped his jaw with it. Tony's eyes widened with every inch Steve's hand moved over his body.“Gonna tell me what's going on in that head of yours, Tony?”“You really don't want to know,” Tony breathed.“Worried it might upset my delicate, nineteen-forties sensibilities?”Tony snorted. His eyes dropped to the ground, then flickered back up. “Now that you mention it...”“Things weren't that different back then,” Steve pointed out. His eyes slid to the windows all around them, the stars staring steadily at them in the blackness of space. “Well. That might be new.” He turned back to Tony and smiled, thumb sliding over Tony's jaw. Tony's eyelashes flickered softly. “But this? You didn't invent this.”“Oh.”Tony didn't move—just stood and stared at Steve like he couldn't really understand what was happening—so Steve moved for him. It wasn't like Steve hadn't considered it, and now, after everything: it felt so natural. Like the story of their lives had just been moving this way, inexorably, and this was the part they were at now. Steve had told Kang he didn't believe in fate, and everything he and Tony had done together to thwart the Kree just went to prove that. But this? In this, Steve would gladly submit to inevitability.Their lips met, Steve bending down, Tony arching up to meet him. It was simple; it was right. Tony's mouth opened beneath his easily, happily. Steve kissed him deeply, arm wrapping around Tony's waist to pull him close. Their chests and hips met, and Steve was reminded once more how frail Tony was, how human, when he was out of his armor. The thought made Steve shudder and pull Tony closer, tighter. The arc reactor dug into Steve's chest. He pulled back with a gasp and laid a hand over it, meeting Tony's eyes.“It's... I know...” Tony looked unsure, nervous, self-conscious.Steve smiled and leaned forward, kissing Tony lightly. “It's beautiful,” he breathed. He rubbed his cheek against Tony's, feeli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex
First Time
Wall Sex
space sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
PWP
Feelings
Manhandling
bottom!tony
Bottom Tony
Top Steve
top!steve
Size Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

