Work Text:
When Deadpool shows up unannounced in Peter’s apartment on his first day off in a month, that’s bad enough. When he insists on staying and chatting about how they could become permanent mission partners, that’s downright irritating. But Peter finds himself enjoying the merc’s company after he gives in and they share some waffles (frozen, but Peter’s gotta live on a measly freelancer’s salary, after all).Deadpool doesn’t lift his mask up all the way as he eats, and Peter notices that he slurps and makes all sorts of rude noises while eating. But Peter takes a little bit of pity on him because he notices fresh bloodstains and rips in his suit. He doesn’t ask and Deadpool doesn’t tell, but he has a feeling that the visit wasn’t purely for company.Deadpool is just finishing up his 4th helping of waffles (much to Peter’s chagrin) with extra butter and syrup when there is a knock on the door. Peter can immediately tell it’s not Aunt May- she wouldn’t bang on the door loudly three times or shout “Mr. Parker!”“Oh no!” Peter hisses. “It’s my landlord—she can’t know you’re here!”“Ouch.”“No, no, you don’t understand- she’s extremely strict about this being a single person dwelling and no offense, but I don’t think she’ll be willing to let the fact that I’ve invited a killer—a well known killer—why are you always wearing your suit-- over for dinner slide. You’ve gotta go!”Peter shoves him over to the bathroom door.“What am I supposed to do? Hide in the shower?” Deadpool barely keeps his voice low enough and Peter turns back to the door with a start as the knocking continues.“There’s a window, climb out that way.”“Why can’t I just go out the window here?” Deadpool gestures to the fire escape.“It’s directly connected to the apartments above and below, someone will see you.” Peter whispers. “Please just cooperate-!”“Alright, alright!”“After she’s gone I’ll give you the signal. Think you can jump from this floor?”Deadpool laughs, probably a little too loudly. “Baby Boy, I can survive much worse than a 2nd floor tumble.”“Okay, fine! Good! Just- just go!” Peter whisper-shouts, pushing Deadpool into the bathroom and shutting the door.“I expect lots and lots of no-no touching!” Deadpool growls as he stumbles into the tiny room. Peter shoots him a glare through the door, even though he won’t see it.“COMING!” He yells towards the door. Taking a deep breath, Peter tries his hardest to act natural when he opens it.The landlady peeks in. “Mr. Parker, your rent is late again.” She looks at him suspiciously. “And I thought I heard someone else in here with you.”“Oh, sorry- I uh, must’ve had the TV too loud.” Peter lies.She looks at him sternly. “Don’t add noise complaints to the list, Mr. Parker. In any case, I expect that check by the end of the week. I’ll give you a break on the late fee this time, but don’t let it happen again.”Peter hears a thud from the bathroom and breaks out in a cold sweat as the landlady quirks an eyebrow and looks over his shoulder toward the back of the tiny studio apartment.“O-oh hey, I was wondering if it was gonna storm today,” Peter stammers. “Darn, sounds like thunder’s already rolling in.”“I don’t hear any—““Well I’ll see you around. I’m so sorry about the late rent, I’ll have it for you as soon as I can. Thank you for your kindness.” Peter starts to close the door.The landlady narrows her eyes at him, more in confusion than malice. “Anytime…”“Bye, Mrs. Bateman, I’ll stop by sometime this week with the rent.”“B-Bye-“ SLAM.Peter listens for her footsteps as they retreat down the hall and down the stairs.He leans against the door, sighing in relief.Now to figure out where that fool went- maybe he’s just hiding in the alley behind the dumpster, Peter figures. He runs over to his fire escape window in the living area and peers down into the alley.Nothing.Peter opens the window and leans out but can’t see any sign of the mercenary in the area below.“Hey, where’d you go?” He calls cautiously. “Uh, Wa- er, Dead-““-Over here.”“What?”“Around the corner~!” Deadpool sings cheerfully.Peter turns his head to the left and sees Deadpool’s arm waving from behind the other side of the building.“I told you to leave and wait in the alley!” Peter calls.“I am!” Deadpool responds. “Well, I’m TRYING to!” He curses and Peter hears another thud from inside.Peter shuts the window and opens the door to the bathroom.He’s really not prepared for what he sees.Deadpool’s red and black clad backside is hanging out of the narrow bathroom window, his legs kicking at the top of the toilet for leverage. Peter nearly trips as he steps on Deadpool’s discarded katanas and holster on the bathroom floor.“Uh…” Peter taps Deadpool on the leg. “A-are you alright?”He dodges a boot as the merc kicks at the air, clearly struggling.“I will be, maybe. Gimme a few minutes here—“Deadpool is roughly halfway through the window, his upper body jammed through the window frame and his arms on the outside of Peter’s apartment. Peter notices that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Belly Kink
Ass Play
Size Difference
Size Kink
Embarrassment
Humiliation
Silly
Winnie the pooh references
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Accidental Bondage
Spanking
Light BDSM
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
Spider-Man/Deadpool

