Chapter 1: Prologue of Parenthood
    




Chapter Text
It had been a shitty couple weeks.Rhodey was still banged up, lying cold and nearly lifeless in the hospital bed. Ross was still breathing down his neck, no doubt pissed off about being hung dry while the prisoners had escaped from his unmarked and illegal prison that he had established in the butt-fuck of nowhere in the Atlantic Ocean. Pepper was far away from him, her personal touch in his home gone away with her voice and warmth. Vision was an unmoving thing that looked almost human, at a loss from being unable to connect with the one person he almost felt something for. People were crying for justice, were screaming and pointing fingers as their beloved heroes had cut themselves apart, fighting each other because one wanted to do right for the people... and the other wanted to do right by deciding for the people.It was a really shitty couple weeks.(Weeks where Tony spent sleepless nights, haunting the day hours by looking at the hospital security cams to see any update on good ol' Rhodey when he couldn't find himself to leave. A finger hovering over a sent button for a message he written for Pepper, but ended up erasing in the end because it felt too soon. Pretending not to the see the shadow by the window as he poured himself a cup of coffee before disappearing because what the hell could Tony Stark say to someone who sounded like his old AI?)And now... Now he was the only person responding to a quick rescue operation. People coughing and choking from the black smoke everyone inhaled as they tried to escape the burning Baxter Building that was practically stationed next door to the Tower (not Avengers' Tower, not Avengers, not Team, not Home).A great way to start off another shitty week.He growled under the mask as he stomped his way through the inferno, kicking away debris to make a simple pathway for those who were still trapped inside. Like a dam breaking out, people flooded the hallways, following the path Iron Man made as fire-fighters sprayed them and the halls with cool water so as no one would catch fire. Getting passed the crowded halls and being reassured by a nearby fire-man that they had things covered, Tony forced open an elevator and his boots fired up with the thrusters to fly him up and up the building. Once he thought he was high enough, he aimed his repulsors to force the door open and was greeted by an explosion."Ow! Hot, hot, hot!" the engineer complained as he free-falled down the elevator to avoid being burned alive in his suit. Rhodey had told him it felt like being a human being dipped in boiling oil and just waiting to turn crispy."FRIDAY, remind me to do something about temperature nullification when we get back to the lab. Need to upgrade the suit for that."Actually, there was a lot of upgrades he needed to do with the suits. Like, say, against flying Vibranium shields that some random enhanced soldier would bash against a suits arc reactor.
"Sure thing, Boss."
"'Atta girl."Regaining balance from his fall, he zoomed up towards the open elevator and burst through the burning flames, taking in the huge room that served as a science lab. Honestly, the whole place wasn't that impressive, not like the one Tony had in his own building (especially that one that Bruce use to occupy where they would science together)."Shit!" he jerked away from his spot, dodging a falling beam as it collapse from the room while crashing on dozens of expensive-looking equipment.The engineer looked around, his vision made up of orange-red flames and black cloudy smoke that covered up the whole room. Withe FRIDAY quickly trying to scan for any life-signs, Tony pushed the volume of his voice modulator higher and called out."RICHARDS?! YOU IN HERE?!"There was no answer, until something that sounded like a garbled cat answered him."Over here!""Boss! Behind you, near the sink!"  the AI informed him.He whipped around, his vision, with the help of the suit, clearing the way where he spotted three life-signs that were huddled up against the wall where there was a sink. The good doctor was actually smart enough to cover himself and whoever else in wet clothes over their heads and body to keep from getting overheated. The boots of his suit stomped their way through, pushing and firing away the debris that got in his way while clearing a path."Mr. Stark!" was the first thing that came out of that idiot Reed Richards when Tony crouched in front of him."Whoa, whoa, hold up," from beneath the armor, Tony's brows scrunched up when he saw no one else besides Richards despite having read three life-signs. "Is there like some hidden passageway in this room I don't know about? I read two others with you in this room!"At this, Richards, who was covered in a wet blanket (ha!), opened it enough to reveal what Tony had been looking for.For the first time in awhile, the billionaire felt the air in his lungs escape him.Tony had seen those eyes before. Had nightmares when he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Reed Richards/Susan Storm
Tony Stark & Reed Richards
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Everything is Reed's Fault
A Stark's Manual Guide to Parenthood
Comic Book Science
Time-Travel Alternate Reality
Parent Tony Stark
DILF Tony Stark
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It of Sorts
BAMF Reed Richards
Science Bros 2.0
Kid!Steve & Kid!Bucky
recovering Bucky Barnes
unrequited stony
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Angst and Porn
Internalized Homophobia
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky is gay for Tony
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Slow Build in Trust
Avengers have issues
Pining Bucky Barnes
Slow Build to Romance
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Reed Richards/Susan Storm
Tony Stark & Reed Richards
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

