Work Text:

Dernier
Little Dernier, their demolitions expert, didn't speak much English, but he always claimed he knew all the words he needed. It was just in how you combined them. Steve used to laugh and quip back at him in French, which he'd picked up from Dernier and various other Resistance soldiers like a mother tongue. Steve had always been sharp, mind racing out ahead of his body, but Bucky suspected the chemical tinkering they'd done to him had something to do with his new facility for languages, his eerily accurate memory. Most of the time Bucky was glad his best friend could come and fight, glad Steve might live to see thirty now if any of them did. But once in a while he wanted to smash their faces in for taking such risks with an already frail, vulnerable body. They could have killed him, and then where would Bucky be?Anyway, the point was, Dernier didn't speak much English but he did speak enough to plop down next to Bucky one night, after a battle and the inevitable triage that followed, and say, "I think in Paris we like your kind better.""Eh?" Bucky asked, huddled around a tin mug of hot soup, rations scrounged from the knapsacks of dead Hydra soldiers. "I think, in Paris, we like better than America. America, pfft," Dernier said, and Bucky woulda laid a slug on him if he thought Dernier meant anything by it. "Listen, pal, there is nothing in France we can't get bigger and better in America," he replied, grinning. Then, allowing for error, he added, "Cept maybe croissants." "Bigger and better," Dernier repeated, slyly. "After the war. You come to Paris. You and the Captain. You meet some of my friends, they will like you," he added, and walked off. Bucky stared after him. Dernier was a funny one. "You been talking to Dernier lately?" he asked Steve, later that night, curled up in the humid, chilly tent."Why, what's he up to?" Steve asked."Dunno. He said we should come to Paris after the war."Steve tilted his head. "Well, can't say I'd mind. Who knows, though? World's at our feet," he added with a grin. "We'll go wherever you like, Buck.""If we survive.""None of that talk. Course we will. Can't let the Nazis and Hydra get the best of us.""You do hate a bully," Bucky said, and Steve nodded and rolled over, tucking his sleep-sack tighter around his shoulders. When Bucky rolled over too, he felt Steve scoot over to press up against him, back to back, warm like a furnace.  Nobody picked on Steve anymore. Steve did the picking, and it was glorious to watch Steve wade into an unfair fight and even the odds. Steve got himself involved in bar fights and ran creeps off women; once he beat up a guy for harassing a prostitute. Only after all other efforts to drive him away had failed, of course. Bucky could watch Steve fight all day long. And the Commandos saved the story of how the prostitute offered to thank him for times they really wanted to embarrass him. 
Peggy
"Don't get up," Agent Carter said, when Bucky made to stand as she approached. He gave her a wry grimace and gestured at his ankle."My shattered body appreciates it," he said, and she smiled as she sat at the little table where he was sulking. The ankle was only twisted, not broken as they'd feared when Steve carried him out of the battle, but he was still under orders to keep off it for two weeks. Which meant he wasn't allowed to go out with the Commandos on mission tomorrow, no matter how he wheedled. Steve had been firm. "I thought we ought to talk," she said, and she looked -- well, not like Agent Carter. More like Peggy, who Bucky only got to see once in a while, mostly when she was around Steve."Sure," he said, setting aside the book Steve had brought him to keep him entertained. "What can I do for you, ma'am?"She folded her arms on the table, not quite meeting his eye. "I suppose...I've thought about it, you know. And I think...I think I should wish you good luck.""Well, thanks," he said. "Good luck with what?"Peggy gave him a dry look he couldn't interpret. When he returned it blankly, she nodded at the corner, where Steve was sleeping on a cot, ignoring the bustle of the map room. He only had an hour before they had to muster out, and Bucky had promised to wake him, but until then he was practically dead to the world. He looked more like the Steve that Bucky remembered, when he slept -- face smooth and oddly frail, fingers twitching, body folded in on itself protectively. "I don't follow," he said finally. "You know I'm not going out with them this time, right?""No, not the mission. I mean...Steve.""What about him?" Bucky asked, mystified."James," she said softly. "You can't possibly be this cruel intentionally.""Honest, Agent Carter, I'm not. I think maybe we're talking at cross purposes," he said. "His whole world orbits around you," she said. "Surely you know that.""No, I don't know as I do," he said. "I just think...perhaps I'm not for him. Or he's not for me."Bucky blinked. "But he likes you. Awfully a lot. I mean, if you ain'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Obliviousness
Five Times

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

