Work Text:
 “Shhhh,” Bucky hisses, eyes comically wide, trying to put a silencing finger over Steve’s lips and missing by about a mile. He ends up mostly bopping Steve’s nose, and dissolves into breathless giggles when Steve tries to swat his hand away with an indignant look on his face.“You’re shushingme?” he asks in the kind of stage whisper that can probably still be heard by the neighbours two stories above them. “You’re the one making the ruckus.”“Shhh,” Bucky reiterates, still laughing. “Neighbours.”Not that keeping their voices down will do them much good. Bucky is actually surprised that the jarring, grating noise of the fire escape being pulled down hasn’t woken up the entire building. Usually, old Mrs Hendricks on the fourth floor would’ve already stuck her head out of the window to yell at him. Then again, Bucky has always been climbing the fire escape fairly frequently - and screw you very much, Natasha, just because he often forgets his keys does not mean he has dementia, it’s perfectly normal for a guy in his mid-twenties to be a little...disorganised - maybe Mrs Hendricks has just gotten so used to the clanging that she sleeps through it now.Or maybe she’s bitten the dust. She is awfully old, almost as old as she is mean. And you never know when the end might come for little old ladies, no matter how tough they seem to be.Bucky doesn’t like Mrs Hendricks very much - a feeling that is very much mutual - but he still feels slightly guilty about that particular train of thought. It’s not that he wants to get rid of her, it’s just that he really wants her to stop clucking her tongue disapprovingly at his long hair, and at the people he chooses to bring home, and just generally at him every time he so much as breathes in her direction. He still doesn’t know whether she hates him because of his “lifestyle choices” or because of that time he accidentally stepped on her rat-sized dog, which, as he will insist until his dying breath, was  not his fault. That little creature is just as evil as his owner, enjoying weaselling between people’s legs and tripping them up, and then watching with unconcealed vicious glee on its tiny, ugly rat face as they get chewed out by Mrs Hendricks.He’s  not  being overdramatic, no matter what Natasha says.The loud clanging cutting through the night as this night's conquest stumbles up one of the metal steps rips him out of his dark musings. He turns around to find Steve frozen on the spot, looking like a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. It’s beyond adorable, which is not a word Bucky would usually apply to anyone, much less tall, hunky men with a shoulder-waist ratio to die for, but it’s kind of fitting for Steve.“They’re gonna think we’re trying to break in,” he says, sounding slightly panicked. Who would’ve thought that a guy who’d been about three seconds away from punching an entire gang of frat boys harassing distraught young girls not half an hour ago would be so afraid of even giving the impression of breaking the law.“Not breaking in,” Bucky reminds him. “It’s my apartment. I go in through the window all the time, no one’s gonna call the cops on us.”Steve shoots him an unimpressed look.“Hey, pal, if you’d rather we could just fuck out here. At least then you wouldn’t have to worry about being mistaken for a burglar.”Even in the darkness, he can tell that Steve is blushing. He can’t really see much in the low light, but he swears the embarrassment is almost audible. “That’s  worse.”“Not a fan of exhibitionism, then?” Bucky asks sweetly, grabbing a handful of Steve’s shirt to tug him along. “Shame.”“Not everyone’s a peacock, James.”“See, you say that, but then you wear shirts like that and get hot and bothered by all of this,” he gestures down his body, “so I think you’re a dirty rotten liar.”Steve snorts. Bucky graciously ignores him in favour of sliding open the window to his bedroom. It takes him a few more fumbled tries than usual, so he's clearly a little more buzzed than he thought, but as per usual, though the window is slid shut, the latch isn’t properly locked, which is about as close as Bucky ever gets to being responsible in terms of burglary prevention. Usually he just leaves it open all the way during nights like these, hot and sweltering and too sultry to function, even when he goes out, which is probably the height of stupidity, but it’s not like he owns anything worth stealing, really.He could probably work on his skills in being a responsible adult.Finally, the window slides open, and Bucky crows in victory. “C’mon,” he says impatiently. They almost fall all over each other as he drags Steve inside, and then Steve’s mouth is on him, hot and insistent as he crowds him towards the bed, and Bucky loses himself in the warm and sticky slide of their bodies against each other.
∞
Bucky wakes to the early morning sunlight stabbing his eyelids and an angry voice that only aggravates the dull pounding inside his head. He had hoped, vaguely, in his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Idiots in Love
Pining
Stucky Big Bang 2016
Adorable Assholes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

