Work Text:
When Natasha finally arrives in Wakanda it is in a blur of red-headed fury, the assassin choosing to let loose on all of them. They have been here for a week at this point, Steve and Bucky for a little longer having needed to break the others out of the raft.	“You utter bastard Rodgers.” She announces as soon as she enters the room, the follow up punch to his perfect jaw shatters the greeting smile.	“Hey, hey. Tasha, talk to me, calm down. What's going on?” That's Clint, gently restraining her in a hold she could break in under a second if she wanted to. He's drunk, she can smell it on him, but at least he's somewhat coherent and not in a violent mood. Not being able to go back to his family is grating on him.	“Tony's dead.” She said, tears burning at the edge of her eyes, struggling to keep her perfect composure for once among these people she had trusted so deeply and for so long. Rarely has she felt so raw, nerves dangerously exposed, so on edge, the grief affecting her more deeply than it should.	“I know.” Steve responds, unerringly polite and the very picture of the impersonal officer, the 'I'm sorry for your loss' persona that was projected by politicians every time something big happened. “We heard on the news, there was a complication with his heart, apparently it was very peaceful.”	“Peaceful!?” She was appalled. “You, you of all people actually believed that cover up on the news. That was the story told to protect Stark Industries going forward. Tony didn't pass away peacefully. He was murdered!”	“Murdered, by who?” That was Sam, pale and appalled. Shock etched into his features.	“I'm looking right at his murderer now.” She said coldly, staring at Steve. “Why don't you tell everyone what really happened in Siberia, Steve. What you did.” Steve for his part had gone white, visibly shocked.	“But I didn't... I was just trying to save Bucky... to save my friend... Stark was alive when I left...” Steve had been reduced to a stuttering wreck.	“What actually happened Natasha, what do you know?” It was Sam, once again the voice of reason.	“I got a call from Rhodey just over a week ago. Tony was missing, had been since he went to see you all at the raft. At that point I contacted Steve who gave me a very misleading version of events. Said that Tony had come after him and Bucky with no real intention of helping and turned on them at the first opportunity. From the looks on your faces that's what he told you as well. Well that is not what happened, if you don't believe me Zemo set up cameras all over that compound, it was all recorded, I have the recordings here.”	If possible Steve seemed to shrink in on himself even more.	“I went to Siberia, Pepper loaned me a Quinjet, Rhodey would have come if he could. I was just going to check the compound briefly, then run a search of the local area, after all I was still working on the bad intel that Steve had given me. When I found Stark he was in civilian clothes. You destroyed the Arc Reactor so thoroughly, Steve; that he didn't have a hope of getting out of there on his own. He was huddled next to the generator which he had programmed to give off heat and a small beacon. He had bastardised what remained of his suit to do this, after all it was dead, no use at all as just a suit. The beacon was too weak to reach even the nearest town, Friday was completely offline in the area, in fact you damaged it so thoroughly that she was offline everywhere  for a while, but Pepper has managed to get her rebooted in New York...” Natasha trailed off, lost in the memory.	When she saw Tony she ran to him immediately. 	“Stark! Stark! Can you hear me?” His eyelids were heavy but were able to open just a little. She pressed an urgent hand to the side of his neck, the pulse was weak and thready, irregular.	“You came.” His voice was weak barely more than a whisper but she could sense the surprise in it.	“Of course I did Tony. Can you move, we need to get you out of here to a hospital.” She was checking him for injuries, or she started to, once she felt the broken ribs shift beneath her hand, the telltale rigidity of internal bleeding in his abdomen she realised the answer to her own question, and that in checking him for injuries she was doing more harm than good.	“Hold on, Tony I'm going to get you to a hospital.” She said as she lifted him into a bridal carry and walked back towards the quinjet. It wasn't easy, but the adjustments made to her biology at the red room making her stronger, hardier than she should be served her well. Once there she set him down gently and from the emergency medical kit set up and iv of fluid to try and counter the internal bleeding. She left him for a moment to set it on autopilot for the nearest medical facility.	“He stopped breathing on the way. All they did when we arrived was call it. I think he had held on for so long for some kind of rescue that when it finally arrived he wasn't really expecting it too anymore. I flew him back to New York a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Character Death
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Team IronMan
Self righteous Steve Rogers
rated for language
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Angst
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha angst
Grief/ Mourning
Natasha Romanov-centric
Tony Stark-centric

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

