Chapter 1



Notes:
For posterity here are all my anon fics:- Come Back and Look For Me (Look For Me When I am Lost): sequel to this fic, starker, unfinished- I'm Selfish (I'm Obscene): unrelated oneshot, underage starker, dubcon, somnophilia/drunk sex- Created (Then Drilled and Invaded): unrelated oneshot, underage starker, incest, dubcon, a/b/o




Chapter Text
It seems fitting that he first sees the man on his first patrol- his first real patrol, that is.It takes Peter a while to figure out a good routine, to find the route that covers the most ground in the least amount of time. A few of the first nights, he’d ended up out until dawn. A month into his Spidey-Crusade, he draws up a map of the city and charts out a plan. He decides to stick to the borough; there are other superheroes for other places, and New York is chock full of them. Besides, they mostly hang around Brooklyn and Manhattan. He’s not going to single-handedly protect the whole of New York City- he knows his limits; he’s not an idiot.He feels a bit like an idiot, though, when three guys manage to corner him in the little alley behind the Indian restaurant just off of Atlantic Avenue. It’s laughable how easily they take him down, in retrospect. To be fair, each of them has a gun with him. Peter has his wits and his canisters.One of the bullets grazes his wrist, cutting straight through the fabric. It’s only because of his spider senses that it doesn’t shoot straight through Peter’s hand, but it’s a near thing. With his new-and-improved ears, he can hear the little glass canisters shatter under the suit.He can still climb, he remembers, and sets to the wall.Only it turns out that wearing a bright red suit on an otherwise dark wall makes you a bit of a target, and he can’t climb very fast with a bleeding wrist-He makes a mental note to reconsider putting glass canisters right up against his wrists.-so he drops back down to the ground, looking from side to side to see if there’s another way out of this mess.The tallest of the guys raises his gun with a lazy, slack little grin. He turns the gun sideways as if it’s too much effort to keep it upright, narrows his eyes, and-Two blades explode out of his stomach.The guy drops the gun to the ground. It doesn’t go off, which is a miracle. He stares down at the two katanas poking out his stomach and opens his mouth, apparently trying to say something. But his lungs must not work- probably, Peter thinks, because they’ve both just been popped like water balloons- because he doesn’t get a single word out. Peter hears the sound of something dully hitting something else, and the guy slides forward off of the katanas, landing on his stomach in a messy puddle. The puddle, Peter notices, begins to turn red.He tears his eyes off the dead guy- Jesus, he’s just seen someone being skewered to death, what the fuck is his life now- and looks up to find someone standing in the guy’s place.Peter’s first dumbstruck thought is that this guy can’t be wearing a red suit. Peter’s wearing a red suit. The red suit is his thing. The stranger pulls his katanas back and touches the tip of one to what Peter can only assume is his nose. His face is covered in a sleek-looking mask, nothing compared to Peter’s veritable ski-mask-with-goggles. His eyes are framed by black almost-diamonds, with white material to mark the eyes. The stranger squints at the end of his katana- which is soaked through with blood, now- and then twirls it in the air before sheathing it back in the holster on his back. He does the same to the other one without preamble.The other two gun-guys drop their weapons and hold their hands up. When the stranger doesn’t move, they bolt out of the alley.The stranger waits until their footsteps fade away before cocking his head to the side.“Hiya,” he says.“Uh,” Peter says.“You’re new around here.”The stranger bends down and heaves the dead guy onto his back, then props him up and starts to peel off his blood-soaked jacket.“Listen,” Peter says, unable to tear his eyes off the man on the ground, the man that is dead, oh god he’s dead. “Listen, um. Thank you for, uh.”“Don’t mention it,” the stranger says brightly. He sounds downright chipper, considering the fact that he’s just murdered someone. “You know, you’re cute when you’re scared.”Peter blinks.The stranger pulls out a thick wallet from the man’s jacket pocket, then slides the jacket back over the man’s shoulders. He grabs underneath the man’s arms and hefts him into the air. With a grunt, he tosses the man up over his shoulders.“Go on, do your little patrol thing,” he says, waving his free hand. The man on his shoulders starts oozing blood onto his suit, but the stranger doesn’t seem to mind. “Don’t you worry your cute little butt about this, I’ve got it covered.” He winks, and Peter blinks, and then he’s gone.Amazingly, Peter’s first thought is not ‘a man just murdered someone in front of me’, ‘a man just murdered someone for me’, or ‘oh my god there’s a dead perso
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Underage - Freeform
Dubious Consent
unhealthy relationship
Teen Peter
Dom/sub Undertones
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Wall Sex
Comeplay
First Time
Bottom Peter Parker
Like... Really Bottom Peter Parker
Multiple Orgasms
Face-Fucking
Praise Kink
Daddy Kink
Age Difference
Barebacking
Anal Beads
Anal Plug
Cock Warming
Chastity Device
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Vibrators
Riding
Autofellatio
Deepthroating
Shower Sex
Rimming
Sloppy Seconds
Felching
Complete
Spitroasting
Double Penetration
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

