Work Text:
"Now just concentrate on your breathing," Tony says, keeping his voice calm and even. He's just talked Loki through a body relaxation exercise because Loki seriously, seriously needs it. And this is Tony saying that, who has never stayed on top of his meditation at all. Then again, he's seriously come to regret that recently, so maybe the scales are skewed anyway.But there's no denying that Loki needs some calm. He had promised Tony to stop pushing and he had kept that promise, hadn't said another word about going outside, but three days into the promise Loki's prowling had started to make Tony nervous. And Tony is still mostly coasting on the high of a new bond and a perfect mate who stays inside with him, touches him a lot and is altogether pretty amazing. It's a bit weird because up until the point of the promise Loki has been mostly content lazing around with his Guide, but Tony has some theories on the matter. The primary one being that once Loki knew he had to stay inside, it grew infinitely more difficult for him. It would be an understatement to say that Loki has issues with control, any sort of it.This puts Tony in a bit of a dilemma. On the one hand he wants for Loki to be comfortable and happy and he clearly isn't currently so he should release Loki from the promise, but on the other hand going outside won't make Loki any happier. It will take him away from Tony – which will bother Tony too but his own needs are secondary, as far as Tony is concerned – and Loki doesn't appear to be really comfortable with that. Tony is reasonably sure that Loki is pressurizing himself and he really doesn't know what to do about that – any attempt to control Loki will make it worse, but letting him do as he feels he must won't do either of them any good either.So Tony decided to make an attempt at helping Loki calm down and discuss the whole issue reasonably. Which turned out to be much more difficult than he had thought because the simple breathing exercise that is pretty much the first thing any Guide or Sentinel learns at the Center had just frustrated Loki. Luckily, it appears the body relaxation exercise seems to have done the trick because Loki is lying on the sofa and seams reasonably calm, finally. His head is in Tony's lap, hands folded on his belly, and he feels almost relaxed – and as long as Tony keeps talking, he'll stay that way. Tony really isn't sure if it's the exercise that's relaxing Loki or the physical contact plus Tony's calm, steady voice, but as long as it works it's not important what exactly it is that's working."Focus on the feeling of your breath entering your lungs."This is the first time Tony is guiding somebody else through the meditation; when he was a teenager he had to go to weekly Guide sessions and they generally included meditation which to Tony had mostly just been an exercise in mind-numbing boredom. As soon as the mandatory sessions were over Tony had stopped the meditation, and the regular refresher sessions hadn't changed that at all. He wouldn't have admitted it at the time, but even then he had never really expected to actually find his Sentinel and the older he had gotten, the surer he had grown in that belief. The past ten plus years Tony had been more or less absolutely sure that he'd remain alone.Even now, looking back, he can't really fault himself for the assumption; Tony is far from the ideal Guide and nevermind that he'd partly made himself so on purpose, he still doesn't think that anyone would pick him if they actually had the choice. But bonding is not about choice and Loki seems okay with him (and Tony will not think about the fact that Loki didn't even know Guides and Sentinels existed until they met and as a result has no frame of reference) so Tony resolves to do the best job he possibly can from now on.Which means a hardcore Guide refresher course must be in his imminent future. Pretty much as soon as he and Loki are okay with strangers in their environment, even.Though actually... Tony frowns, considering the possibility of a video conference; he doesn't actually need a physical presence in his space. In fact, that would probably have the opposite of a settling influence on him, someone close to him but especially close to Loki, and there is no way Loki would be okay with letting a stranger into the house, much less leaving Tony alone with them. So a video conference would be pretty much ideal actually.Loki's head shifts a little in his lap, claiming Tony's full attention again; he almost let Loki slip away from him. Improvising a little, he puts his hand on the center of Loki's sternum and says, "feel the way your chest lifts my hand up every time you breathe in."Nostrils flaring, Loki takes a deep breath; Tony is pretty sure he's scenting him. He smiles but tries to keep it out of his voice; anything out of the ordinary will pull Loki out of the state of relaxation he's in right now. "Feel the warmth from my hand."This is pretty relaxing for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Developing Relationship
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Protectiveness
Meditation

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

