Work Text:
There's something deceptively calm about Thor. Before with the Chitauri, and when he was newly banished, new to Earth, he was rash. He didn't hide his emotions and even when he managed to cover them the air around him seemed filled with power, with thunder, and with promise. Now, as Tony watches Thor talk with Rhodey and Vision about the war there is no heavy haze around him and the only telling sign that he's upset is the set of his jaw. It's tight as he listens to Rhodey, like he needs to keep all the words in. Tony wonders if he's angry over the Accords or something else. Thor had dropped down harassed looking enough, although a mad titan would surely do that to anyone, but this is a newer development. This calm facade puts Tony on edge. Thor, certainly, knows how to drop his bombs and Tony doesn't really want to know how this will play out for him.
He really wants a drink.
“Before you go, Mighty Vision, a word?”
“Yes Thor?”
“Where is the Man of Iron?”
“He is... around.”
The mansion suddenly seems too small with Thor there. There's room for him but Tony feels exposed again. Every time Thor looks his way he thinks of judgment and worthiness. He makes sure to keep several walls between him and Thor at all times. He doesn't hide in his labs so much, as he thinks that would be the obvious place to look, so between meetings he hides in his room. It's small by his usual standards. Modest and the same as every other bedroom in the mansion.
The color schemes are all muted shades of grays and browns and with the small windows casting flecks of light on the walls Tony thinks for a moment he might be safe. That there's no one coming for him here. So... he sleeps.
He dreams of an abyss of black over a small stone. Miles and light-years away from home.
He doesn't think he'll ever not dream of this place. The place between places. On one side the horrors of alien hordes beating down Earths door but on the other side of a stretch of pristine white.
Tony doesn't know what to think in the place between places; which nightmare will he choose?
“Parker?”
“Yes Mister Stark?”
“I appreciate the help but you're not my P.A. There's no need to follow me around everywhere.”
“Oh. Oh! Wow, yeah, sorry.” Peter's voice raises as he trips over his words. “I know that. I can do other stuff, projects! Yes! I can do projects.” Peter looks around wildly for a moment, brown eyes meeting brown. Tony lets his eyebrows raise; a silent 'go on'. “I will get right to that.”
He scampers away and Tony watches him trip over thin air and almost rocket into a door frame. 'I need to baby proof him.'
He putzes around the lab, not really working on anything. It's silent, FRIDAY runs numbers while Tony walks around the perimeter of the room, remembering all the places his team has been. Bruce is everywhere, a ghost that Tony can see. A presence that makes the lab feel almost malevolent. He's tuned out the beeping of his robot children, his own little monsters. They're corralled off into a side shop, bumping into each other while trying to clean each other. It's poetic, that his first creations, the ones he made out of a selfish need to not want to be alone are so innocent. The one he created to protect everyone; the only child he's ever killed; that one was a true monster.
A series of rings cuts through the lab and Tony turns back to the holograms. FRIDAY's done running the numbers.
The place between places is gone. In it's stead, Thor watches him watch Rhodey fall back to Earth. Everyone he loves is dead but Thor... Thor looks at him and smirks. “I told you,” and he tosses Mjolnir in the air and catches it, “you're not worthy.” He steps towards Tony and raises the hammer. Thors smirk turns to laughter as he strikes down at Tony.
Tony wakes up silently, alone and wounded. 'I'm not worthy.'
“For what reason is he avoiding me?”
“It's less you Thor, and more... well... something happened in Siberia. Something more, but Tones won't talk about it. I don't think it's necessarily you.”
But it is. It is.
It takes five days after Tonys breakdown for Thor to corner him the first time. “Man of Iron,” Thor looks calm, still so calm, “Have you recuperated?” Tony doesn't quite know how to answer. Does Asgard have a basis for physiological scarring? Do Asgardians have a version of PTSD? Does Thor even understand what happened? Thor tilts his head to the side a bit and Tony flashes to the week he spent in Africa on a safari when he was very young.
Lions, as it turns out, can be very lazy. Powerful, definitely, but lazy. If they don't think something is worth the effort they don't go for it. But there had been a moment that a lion, keeping cool in the shade of their jeep, had looked at Tony. Just looked at him, head tilted to the side, eyes narrowed, deciding, if Tony was worth the effort of chasing. Of killing. Watching Thor watch him, Tony feels the same he did then. Small and weak, and foolish for thinking he could get that close to a predator without consequ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Thor Odinson
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Vision

freeform: 
Post-CACW
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Team as Family
Tony Stark-centric

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Thor Odinson
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Vision

