Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Okay, this is ridiculous,” Tony stated, as he removed a clinging Steve from his leg and set him on the couch. The soldier whined a little, then curled in on himself and shut his eyes like a cat.“You’ve said that thirteen times in the past two hours,” Natasha said, gently wrapping a blanket around Steve and then extracting herself when he tried to pull her down for a hug.“That’s because it is. It is ridiculous. This whole thing-Steven Rogers aka Captain fucking America aka world’s most cold and distant man, hit by a cuddling curse? Ridiculous. It wasn’t a torture-beam or death-ray that Loki decided to throw at him; it was a goddamn cuddling curse? Ridiculous. I call bullshit. The universe is fucking with us, that is the only logical explanation for this.” Tony declared, glaring at Thor as he walked in as if this was somehow all his fault.The God beamed back at him with all his teeth. Tony was slightly terrified.“Has Bruce come up with any results from the energy signature yet?” Natasha asked, hoping it would distract Tony from the annoying pacing he was doing around the living room.“Nope. It’s too scattered, I’m working on a magic-specific energy tracer, but at the moment it’s nowhere near completion and we’re having to use all our old tech to try and find a match. Thor, how long do you think this is gonna last?” Tony asked suddenly, moving his head to face the burly God, who was knelt down by Steve’s side and reveling in the cuddles he was receiving from the usually stoic super-soldier.“Nay, my friend. Loki’s trickery is never usually permanent- I was once turned into a turkey for two lunar cycles, but the effects eventually wore off. As I’m sure Captain Roger’s will, too. You have nothing to fear.” Thor assured them, as his face got squished into Steve’s chest as the man started braiding his hair.Tony didn’t even want to know where Steve had picked up the art of hair-braiding.Suddenly, Clint burst in through the doors, demanding to see evidence of the incredible wonder that was Steve Rogers showing affection. He was battered and bruised from the most recent fight, and looked to have at least two broken fingers, but it seemed he didn’t even care as he fell about the floor laughing at the sight of Steve tiredly playing with a content Thor’s hair.Clint got out his phone to take pictures. Natasha snatched it away and crushed it with her bare hands. Clint screamed. Tony rolled his eyes.How was this his life?The whole team of misfit-assassins, lonely monsters, mighty God’s and stoic Supersoldiers had only moved in two months ago, and already Tony had seen his life turn into something a hell of a lot weirder than he remembered it.(See: Cuddling Curse- above)For the most part and much to his surprise, he immensely enjoyed their company. Tony had lead a lonely life for as long as he could remember, keeping distant from people and never trusting anyone if he could help it. Even the word ‘trust’ just brought back memories of Obi- Obadiah, which he would rather forget. But now, he was not only working on a team with five other people, but he had invited them into his home. He would wake up and drink coffee with the world’s deadliest assassin and then do battle on the Wii with the Asgardian God of Thunder. It was…peaceful. Nice.There was just one problem. And it stared with ‘S’ and ended with ‘eve’.The man was cold. He was distant and emotionless, never going above polite conversation and always leaving before he was given a chance to participate. He seemed to spend all his days in the gym destroying the punching bags, and then for the rest of the day he would simply leave the tower completely.And it wasn’t like they hadn’t tried. Each one of the had attempted to reach out to the man, with Natasha and Clint challenging him to regular sparring sessions, to Bruce offering to show him around New York.All they ever got was a short shake of the head and a tight smile.Even Tony had given it a go; despite the fact he knew Cap probably hated him. At first, when everyone else had been so desperate to try and force Cap out to bonding-meals with them, Tony had decided against that method and simply talked about his day with Steve wherever he found the man. Of course, these were one-sided conversations and only lasted a few minutes, but Tony tried to keep them up, having a conversation with him at least once a day.He had managed to continue these little conversations long after everyone else had given up on the man- but just when Tony thought he was getting somewhere, and decided to bite the bullet and try asking the guy if he wanted to hang out somewhere other than the gym- Steve would just scowled at him and tell him to go away.And the worst thing was, Tony knew what Cap was doing. Hell, he’d done it himself for so many years. Steve was pushing people away, because he didn’t want to get hurt again like last time.He didn’t want to risk losing all his friends again. So he was just refusing to make any.A
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
The Avengers (2012) - Freeform
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Tower
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Suicidal Thoughts
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempts
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Magic
loki is a little shit
No Change There
Tony Is not Amused By This
Cuddle-Spell
Steve Wants To Cuddle Everyone
And Doesn't That Sound Happy
yes - Freeform
very happy
HAHAHAHAHA Bitch You'd Think That Wouldn't You
Well You're Wrong
This Turned Into Pure Heavy Angst
Steve Rogers Feels
Artist Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Like Really Badly
touch-starved Steve
Touch-Starved
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Steve Rogers Is Not Coping Well
Steve Rogers Angst
Depression
Implied Suicide Attempt
Tony Saves The Day Without Even Realizing it
Because He's Just That Good
Pre-Slash
Slash
Getting Together
First Kiss
Steve Rogers Is A Secret Cuddle-Whore
As Is Tony
Nightmares
PTSD
Steve Rogers Is Not Okay
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Pining Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

