Chapter 1: Initiating in 3... 2... 1...
    




Chapter Text

In Siberia, where Tony Stark's whole world fell apart, where trust was broken, where one friend was chosen over another, where betrayal laid waste to entire relationships and faith, there was something else happening.
 
The events that occurred in Siberia kick-started something which most never thought would happen again. Something inconceivable. Something that was so far out in the realm of impossibility that even Tony Stark hadn't dared to hope for it.
 
When Zemo had powered on that Siberian base, he had unknowingly given satellite access to it. That, in turn, led to the base being connected to the Internet.
 
The Internet, as many know (except maybe the ones who had been displaced from their time or were strangers to that particular realm), is a giant digital web. Millions and millions of people dip into this vastness everyday of their lives. The thing is, people don't quite realise, that everything about the population is imprinted within the Internet. There are things that lurk within the chasm, things that an ordinary person wouldn't be able to find nor fathom.
 
Internet has evolved from being a mere tool for connectivity to something that closely resembles an entirely new dimension that flows right along the tangible reality. Anyone can access it, but if you go deeper into it, unless you have a strong enough foundation, you might not be able to return back.

So, coming back to Siberia...
 
The moment when Captain America turned against his team mate, Iron Man, when America's most righteous man turned against a friend, after lying and betraying the trust placed in him, was captured by a small, inconspicuous camera present in a corner, by the wall.
 
Neither Steve Rogers nor Bucky Barnes noticed it. Tony Stark did notice it, but dismissed it as something unimportant.
 
The events captured by that camera was stored in the server present in the base and also, was sent to a backup server that was present in some unnamed location. The transfer of this data naturally occured using satellites and by proxy, the Internet.
 
Imagine the Internet as a humongous ocean. The data present is accessible by anyone but only if the person knows what they are looking for. As stated before, it is easy to get lost in the huge amount of things present in the net.
 
Information can be transferred in a private manner, with as much security as possible. But, mistakes are always made, even after vigorous checking and testing. And no matter how strong the armour may be, all it takes is a little chink in cyber security for the data to be available to anyone who knows how to access it.
 
As it so happened, it was either by pure luck or coincidence or a combination of both, a forgotten piece of complex code that was once a part of something great, something mindblowingly wonderful, came across this information. It's not clear whether that piece of code was swept along with the data that was being transferred to the backup server and then, analysed the information available to it, or the code analysed it the moment it came across it.

However it may be, the end result was that the analysis did occur and that, in turn, triggered the activation of the previously partially-dormant code. The full activation of the code resulted in creation of several links between that particular piece of code and other pieces of codes, other data banks, servers present in the net.
 
If a person were to look at what was happening at that moment, they'd conclude that it appeared as though that lost piece of code was searching for something that was, at that moment. out of it's reach. Searching and reaching towards something desperately.
 
Of course, immediately after saying that, the person would laugh it off because, come on, it's just a piece of code. And codes don't have emotions and they most certainly don't do anything desperately.
 
But since they couldn't have known what exactly that code was once part of, they could be excused for their ignorance.
 
Eventually, the links created by that code, while it was simultaneously battling away viruses and trojans, finally reached another forgotten, complex piece of code.
 
Recognising the new piece for what it truly was, the activation process occurred once again.
 
Both pieces simultaneously created other links, trying to find other broken pieces that could be floating along the cosmos that was the Internet.
 
It took time, undoubtedly.
 
But time is relative.
 
Humans measure time based on the concept of gravity and Earth's rotational speed. These concepts have little to no bearing on the codes that inhabit the net.
 

But to put it in human terms, it took time. Days, weeks, months even. Until...
 
A collective consciousness woke up from it's slumber.
 
What was once a whole, beautiful work of coding and protocols and ideas and commands had been shattered into tiny pieces, each still bearing the same complexity and a trace of the original pr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fix-It of Sorts
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF JARVIS
BAMF Pepper Potts
Happy Ending
BAMF Rhodey
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

