Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Only two people knew Clint Barton. Everyone else knew Hawkeye. Barton held so much of himself back, he didn't trust easily and it had taken both Natasha and Coulson years to break past the Hawkeye persona to find the true Clint Barton buried underneath. They both understood why he did it, why he felt he had to hide himself away, and never questioned him on it.  When the team moved into Avengers Tower after the battle, when everyone was mostly healed and Fury wanted them all back in one place to train and get to know each other, Hawkeye was the one who was always at the back of everything. He learned the vent systems, found the weak points and brought them to Tony's attention via Coulson. Barton wanted to make their home safer, but didn't want anyone to know exactly what he was doing. He watched each of his new team when they were in common areas of the building, and tried to see who they were. Coulson was the one who asked Tony if it would be possible to put high platforms in the meeting room and also the common room. He knew Barton got migraines if he had to sit close to televisions or large monitors of any kind, and would be able to see perfectly well from nearer the ceiling. Tony gave him odd looks, but had them installed. Tony was the only one of the Avengers to notice Barton appeared more for movie night after the platforms were done.  
Tony understood hiding parts of yourself away and asked JARVIS to let him know, quietly, when Barton was in the vents around the lab. Tony didn't mind having their sniper in the vents, it actually made sense. He'd wondered how Coulson knew there were weak spots in the vent system, but Agent had a poker face that could not be beat - it honestly couldn't, they'd banned him from poker nights - and he refused to answer questions. When JARVIS flashed the message that Barton was watching the lab, Tony turned his music down and talked. He didn't talk about anything important, not at first, but he knew Barton was listening. The day Barton appeared on a table in the back of the lab, scratching Dummy behind his primary joint, Tony knew there had been a break-through of some sort. He nodded at Barton and went back to what he was doing, talking the whole time about plans he would like to use for new arrows, if Barton wanted. He found the specs for Barton's bow in the workshop the next day.  
Barton also took the time to talk with JARVIS, find out as much as he could about the AI and tried to make friends with him. Barton wasn't too happy to have his floor monitored constantly, it made him feel slightly paranoid about his movements around the building, but JARVIS seemed to realize this, and assured Barton that he would never tell anyone other than Tony about Barton's watching from the vents and his platforms. JARVIS was probably the closest thing to a new friend Barton had in the tower, not counting the slowly developing relationship with Tony. Barton could tell that Tony was making an effort to peel back the Hawkeye layer and find the man beneath, and he found he wasn't completely opposed to the idea. He listened to everything Tony said, learned about the tortures Tony underwent when he was captured, how there were things he couldn't do even after so much time passed, and he wondered if he ever would be able to again. There wasn't any talk of keeping it secret, Barton could tell that the topic bothered Tony, and he slowly started to leave hints to his own past for the genius to find. It was Barton's way of telling his story, of letting people in, and Tony guarded every piece as if it was buried treasure.  
Then Steve Rogers happened. Barton went to the lab vents one night when he couldn't sleep, and Coulson was away from the Tower on business, hoping to be able to hear Tony talk for a while, and found Rogers in the lab. Barton whispered to JARVIS not to let Tony know he was there, he didn't want Rogers to know how he got around the Tower, and lay quietly, listening.   
"Come on, Tony, it'll be fun," Steve was saying.  
"Yeah, no, Cap," Tony replied. "I've got too much going on right now to think about going out to dinner any time soon. Thanks for the thought and all that, but I've got four orders back-logged here."  
"Tony, you have to eat," Steve sighed. "The world isn't going to end if you go out for dinner for an hour. I'd like to spend some time with you, alone. Without worrying about the team breaking in on us."  
That was new, Barton thought. He knew that Tony and Coulson had slept together a couple of times, had even watched once through his sniper scope. It wasn't love on either side, Barton hoped he held Coulson's heart, but they had talked about it and, while Barton wasn’t fine with Coulson sleeping with others as long as he knew about it before hand, he was able to pretend he was. It’s what he thought Coulson wanted, and Barton would do whatever he could to keep the man in his life. Coulson even suggested bringing Barton in for a threesome with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
established Coulson/Barton
future Coulson/Barton/Stark

freeform: 
OOC
AU

fandom: 
established Coulson/Barton
future Coulson/Barton/Stark

