Work Text:
It's not the shield, or at least it's not just the shield. It's everything that goes with it, it's everything Bucky can't have: six feet something of toned muscle and wide shoulders and a jawline that could cut through fucking glass. Gabe, when they were on leave in London, saw Bucky's eyes trail after Steve as he walked out of the bar and said, 'Makes you wonder what you'd like more, to be him or to fuck him, right?'Bucky isn't torn on that front at all. Fuck, all the way. He doesn't even have to look at the picture to get off, where Steve's grin could convince him to buy anything, not just war bonds, and could long before Bucky knew it was Steve at all — though he should have. He should have fucking known, no one could ever talk him into things as easily as Steve. Pick a fight, pick up the wrong gal; if Steve was there, so was Bucky.Now he's there too, except nothing else is the same, and Steve doesn't need him. Not when he's got —Bucky growls, a low hoarse sound ripped from the back of his throat, and his hand on his cock stutters. He breathes through his nose, closes his eyes, and tries not to think. The shower wall is cold and slippery on his back, and his thighs are already shaking with the effort of keeping him upright — he's not that good yet, not yet back to full working order, not cleared for duty by the armies of doctors that looked him over after —He growls again and wipes his hand on his thigh. He can't even jack off in peace. It used to be easy: he'd just think about Captain America's wide rakish smile and he'd be ready to go. Now, though, Captain America is Steve and Steve is here and nothing is the same, and Bucky's country needs him about as much as Steve does, which is not fucking much.The water is getting lukewarm, and he reaches out to turn it off, and that's when he sees Steve in the doorway.'Shit,' Bucky breathes, 'fuck, I'm —'Steve shakes his head, jerky and stiff. 'No, I —'Bucky fumbles to cover himself — that's never been an issue between them but it is now, when Steve is six feet something and Bucky, oh, Bucky still has angry red scars and blue-black bruises all over his body. He's never shown them to Steve, not an inch above the elbow, and now he stands naked and helpless and the least of his worries is that he's still half-hard. He tries to angle his back, where it's ugliest, away from Steve so he won't see.'How long've you been there?' he asks, trying to sound less terrified than he feels.Steve looks down. From across the bathroom Bucky can't tell if he's blushing, but he'd like to think so. 'Long enough to hear you say my name, if that's what you're wondering.''Christ.' Bucky runs his hands through his wet hair, and tries to laugh. It doesn't come out pretty, but hey, he should get points for effort. He's good at fronting; it's all he does. 'Hope at least you enjoyed the show.'Steve doesn't rise to the bait. What he does is take a step closer. He reaches back to close the door after himself and the bathroom seems to shrink around them, suffocating in its claustrophobia. Bucky swallows. He doesn't know what he should be readying himself for, he has no goddamn clue. A punch to the face he'll take standing up; he's used to pain. But Steve doesn't look angry, or like he even wants to throw punches — and god, how ass-backwards is that? He could take Bucky, easy. With his six feet of muscle and superhuman strength, he could kill Bucky.The thought sends a shiver down Bucky's spine.Steve takes another step in his direction. He's barefoot, Bucky notices, his fatigues getting wet on the damp bathroom tiles. He sets his jaw and lifts his eyes to Bucky. 'You said my name.'Front, Bucky thinks. Front like a motherfucker and get away with what feels worse than murder with the way Steve is looking at him, eyes a little wide and dark and unreadable.'Yeah,' Bucky starts. His breath hitches when Steve takes the distance between them in two long strides and suddenly is there, in Bucky's face. He doesn't seem to care that his trouser legs are wet up to the ankles, and he's big and wide as he crowds Bucky against the wall. He's big. Bucky forces himself to choke back the panic rising in his throat; choke it back and keep talking, because as long as he's talking maybe Steve's manners will kick in and he won't kick Bucky's face in. 'Yeah, sorry about that, it's the — shield, and the —''Is it?' Steve wants to know. He wants to know — jesus, he wants to know if Bucky was jacking off to Captain America or Steve, and of course there is a difference, of course. 'Is it, Bucky?'Bucky isn't particularly brave. He never has been. Probably would've avoided enlisting if it wasn't for Steve's badgering. He's not brave or strong or anything like that, he's a scared kid in over his head and he's on borrowed time.He forces himself to look at Steve, and manages to lift the corner of his mouth in something that maybe could be called a smirk. 'If I say it's not just the shield, will you ever talk to me again?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

