Work Text:
The cameras SHIELD had set up were almost everywhere in the city, but New York City was enormous. There were alleyways and parks and it just simply wasn't possible to cover that much ground completely. That wouldn't necessarily be a problem if SHIELD wasn't looking for a certain Merc with a Mouth. Deadpool was willing to do a lot of things for money, and with his healing factor, he could take down major corporations. The most he had done was destroy weapon companies' factories and offices that SHIELD had already been keeping their eyes on. SHIELD still wanted Deadpool in their sights, even if the mercenary wasn't against them (he just wasn't with them). That was hard to do if SHIELD didn't even know where he lived.The cameras had caught brief appearances of Deadpool in living areas in the past, but by the time SHIELD had figured out which exact home he lived in (and raided), the landlord claimed that the man with the scars had left to live somewhere else. Upon further questioning, the landlord conceded that he might (he emphasized the might, as if thinking the agents would come back to kill him if he was wrong) have moved to an apartment in Queens. It was a better lead than nothing, so SHIELD started putting up even more cameras near apartment complexes.Months passed, and the only appearance of Deadpool (non-related to jobs the mercenary had been sent on) on the cameras was in the middle of Manhattan, slashing the tires of a taco truck and then raiding its supplies. SHIELD didn't drop interest, but Deadpool wasn't necessarily a threat (more of an annoyance that needed to be monitored), and the organization had more pressing matters to attend to. The nuisance would be ignored until the threats were alleviated.But even after the threats were gone, SHIELD put finding where Deadpool lived a bit lower on the importance scale. Cleaning up the mess left by Hydra was a more serious matter.However, as clean up was drawing to a close, the mercenary, clad in the red spandex and his katanas strapped to his back, was caught on a camera in Middle Village, Queens, walking in the general direction of several apartment complexes. SHIELD called one, asking if a man covered in scars happened to live in one of the apartments.The landlord claimed that, yes, a strange young man by the name of Wade Wilson lived in apartment number 167, along with another boy, Peter Parker. The agent thanked the man and hung up, immediately reporting her findings to Agent Coulson. If a civilian lived with Deadpool, they would have to be warned of the mercenary's habit of… killing. It was a wonder the boy hadn't already noticed something off about his roommate.The closest agents to the apartment building are Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton, and if you're going to get two out of seven Avengers, why not recruit all of them? Deadpool might joke around more than not, but he /was/ a force to recognized. With his healing factor, he could probably take out half of SHIELD before anyone realized what was happening. And although Deadpool wasn't necessarily hostile towards the Avengers and SHIELD, he didn't always play nice.~The Avengers, Earth's Mightiest Heroes, defenders of the world against the Chitauri invasion, were crammed into an elevator of a lower middle class apartment building. Clint had insisted that they could all fit, and they did, except for the part that they exceeded the maximum weight limit by almost one hundred pounds. Everyone ignored Steve's suggestion to simply take the stairs, but because a civilian that lived with Deadpool was in danger, he didn't put up a fight.Apartment number 167's door had blood stains on the wood near the door handle, and it had two more locks than any of the other doors had. The four members (Thor was on Asgard, and Bruce had decided to stay in the car; the Other Guy got a little twitchy whenever he was around Deadpool) all looked at Natasha to see what they were supposed to do. She knocked on the door.There was a pregnant pause when nothing happened, and just as Natasha was about to knock again, the sound of sluggish footsteps approached the door. The three deadbolts were unlocked and the door cracked open just enough to reveal part of the face of Peter Parker.He looked tired, as if he hadn't slept in a few days, and paler than he had in his photos that SHIELD had found of him. The redness around his eyes could indicate two things: he had either been crying, or he was sick. It was more likely the latter, because although his file said 5"10', he was slouching enough so he was 5"8'.He squinted at them, as if trying to distinguish if the Avengers had really just shown up at his doorstep. "Hello?" he finally settled on, and he definitely sounded congested."Hi." Natasha flashed a smile, and she might've been attempting to make it gentle, but knowing her, it probably came off as shark-like. "Do you happen to be Peter Parker?""Uh," he said, as if deciding if he really was Peter Parker. "Yeah?""We'd like to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Sick Peter
mentions of abuse
but no actual abuse
Blood
Avengers meet Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

