Work Text:



 
Steve stared in bewilderment at the frankly gigantic assortment of spices in front of him.
Who on earth needed this many spices? What were they all for? Surely most of the little green ones would taste the same, right? No need to get multiples? Shit, he really should have researched this a little more before going to the store; he was completely out of his depth here.
Steve was a simple man, with simple pleasures. He’d grown up on a steady diet of boiled vegetables and roasted meats, and he never found any reason to complain. He wasn’t what he’d exactly call a culinary expert, but he knew at least the basics of meat, pasta, and the occasional egg-based breakfast dish.
This was Sam’s fault. If his brand new roommate didn’t have such a problem with Steve’s cooking, he wouldn’t be in this mess. And there was nothing wrong with his cooking anyway — Sam was just picky.
“That’s it, I’ve had it — enough!” Sam had thrown his fork onto the table dramatically. “You see these?” He pointed a forefinger at his dry eyes. “Tears, Steve. Literal tears from this plate of bland, boring-ass white-people food. Have you never heard of spices?” Steve rolled his eyes.
“There’s salt on the chicken,” he reasoned.
“No, I’ve had enough. If I’m going to be living with you from now on, either learn to cook, or let me do the cooking from now on. I’m not subjecting myself to one more brand of meat and potatoes without even the slightest hint of rosemary, or thyme, or tarragon, or something.”
And so here Steve was. In the middle of a supermarket, staring at the hugest range of spices in the world. With a groan, he realized he probably looked like some idiot college freshman on his first ever grocery shop, the way he was staring in bafflement at the rows.
Did he even have a spice rack at home? How was he supposed to store these? Did some of them need refrigerating?
Steve found himself so drawn into his internal struggle with the assortment of seasonings that he almost completely missed the new addition to the tiny throng of people bustling up and down the aisle: a tall blonde woman, and her even taller brunet boyfriend.
Shit.
She hadn’t noticed him yet. Maybe he could turn and leave without them noticing — Sam would understand. Sam was the most empathetic person he knew, he wouldn’t scold Steve for coming home spice-less to avoid an awkward encounter with an ex. Surely.
They drew closer.
Fuck.

Please don’t notice me, please don’t notice me, please don’t notice me…

“Steve?”
Fuck.
Steve’s whipped his head around as if completely surprised at the call, mustering the most convincing, delighted smile he was capable of. “Sharon? Wow, hi!” He almost outwardly cringed at how completely phony his voice sounded.
She let go of her boyfriend’s hand in order to throw both arms around Steve’s shoulders and give him a hearty squeeze.
“It’s been ages!”
“Yeah, almost… what is it, five, six months now?”
Yep, Steve thought. Five or six months since Sharon “I don’t feel like I’m enough for you” Carter decided that she was uncomfortable dating a bisexual man. Not that he was bitter about it.
“Six,” her boyfriend oh-so-helpfully amended, and there was no way in hell Steve could actually be imagining that smug upward twist of the mouth, right? He wasn’t just smirking at him — that was a sneer. He was being sneered at.
“So how have you been?” Steve pressed on, firmly ignoring both the look on the guy’s face, and his own intense desire to punch it right off of him. Just — right off.
Sharon, who was either ignoring her boyfriend’s attempt at revving up a pissing contest, or simply hadn’t noticed it, continued smiling pleasantly. “We’ve been doing good,” she said offhandedly. “I got a promotion at work. Brock and I are planning on moving in together in the next few weeks or so.” She spared a second to shoot him a wide smile. “How about you? How’s everything going?”
Oh, yeah, he thought. Everything’s grand. Single, barely employed, living with someone who may or may not be the significant other of a Russian assassin, and trying to work out the difference between oregano and basil in the middle of a fucking grocery store. He was doing just dandy.
“Uh… fine. I’m fine,” he settled on lamely. “That’s really great about the job, Sharon. I, uh… I know you really wanted to make detective.”
“Well, she worked her ass off to get there, didn’t you, babe?” her boyfriend said, cutting her off before she could get a chance to mouth open to speak and winding a hand around to grasp possessively at her hip.
Aha ha — fuck this guy.
“So are you seeing anyone at the moment?” he then asked him, a little too casually, and really, it was a wonder that the guy’s arrogance wasn’t visibly oozing out of him from every orifice. Steve wasn’t altogether sure if he was imagining the condescension in the man’s tone or not, but one way or another, his mouth suddenly went dry.
“Oh, yeah.” Sharon perked up a little. “Is there anyone special, Steve? No lucky girl? Or… guy, I suppose,” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Minor Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Meet-Cute
Human Disaster!Steve
Art Snob!Tony
Functioning Adult!Sam
OOC Sharon
Discussions of furry porn
Discussions of microwaved chicken
Pineapples
5+1 Things
Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

