Work Text:
Tony’s eyes narrowed as he considered the schematics in front of him.  Eight point four five three percent improvement in efficiency, two point three three nine percent increase in power.
Not good enough.  
He shook his head and paced toward the liquor cabinet.  He could use a fucking drink.
He stopped halfway, considered, took another couple of steps, and finally turned around to return to the displays.  A drink wasn’t going to cut it.  Ten drinks—ten drinks might about do it, but if he had them he wouldn’t be able to give his work the attention it deserved.  The attention he owed it.
He squared his shoulders and returned to his calculations.
JARVIS interrupted him twenty minutes later.  “Captain Rogers is here to see you, Sir.”
Tony glared at the display, at the room, at the door.  It was probably even odds whether Rogers wanted to chew him out again or to fuck him, but honestly Tony wasn’t in the mood for either.  “Tell him to go away.”
Tony looked back at his work, and tried to find his train of thought.  A moment later JARVIS piped up again, derailing any progress he might have made in that direction.  “Captain Rogers has indicated that he intends to remain outside your quarters until you allow him to enter.”
Chewing out, then.  Tony would have thought he’d gotten his fill of that earlier, but maybe he saved some choice admonishments to deliver when the team wasn’t there to act as audience.
Ordinarily, Tony didn’t give a flying fuck what Rogers had to say about his conduct.  He knew what he was doing, made his own calls, and only fell in line behind Cap when circumstances were dire enough to warrant it.  They did generally argue about it afterwards, but he gave as good as he got, and lately those arguments had more often than not ended in fairly spectacular orgasms for both of them, so he sure as hell wasn’t complaining.
But yesterday—  No two ways about it, really, yesterday he’d fucked up.  That nobody paid for it in anything but a few broken bones was very little short of miraculous.  But no, it was no miracle.  Just Thor and Romanoff and Barton and even the Hulk pulling together to make up for his miscalculation.  And then Rogers, eager to rub it in his face the instant they were all in the clear.
Tony paced up and down the room, his muscles tense and his mind on a continuous loop of the twenty-three seconds that had gone so wrong.  He eyed the liquor cabinet again, and again reminded himself of the amount he’d have to drink to make himself feel anything but worse.  Of course, that wasn’t the problem—not really.  The problem was that eventually he’d have to stop drinking, and then—  He shook his head.  The temptation lingered, but he resisted it for the moment and returned to his work.
Half an hour later JARVIS spoke again.  “Captain Rogers requested that I remind you that he is here to see you.”
“Tell him to go fuck himself.”
A pause.  “Captain Rogers has declined to comply with your instructions.”
“He told you to say that, didn’t he?”
“He did, Sir.”
“Stop relaying messages from him.  And tell him as much.”
Another pause.  “I have so informed him.”
Tony managed to work—or at least poke at his schematics in a way that he could plausibly describe as work—for another twenty minutes before breaking down and asking JARVIS if Steve was still there.
“Yes Sir, he is.”
“Tell him he’s an asshole, and I’m not in the mood for another lecture.”  Tony waited for a moment, before realizing that he had instructed JARVIS not to relay anything Steve had to say.  “Did he have an answer to that?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Go for it.”
“Captain Rogers assures you that he has no intention of delivering a lecture.”
“Ask him how long he thinks he can wait.  And tell me his answer.”
JARVIS replied more quickly than Tony expected.  “’Longer than you can.’  Sir.”
“Jackass,” Tony muttered.  “Let him in.”
Steve opened the bedroom door a moment later, and then just stood there, looking him up and down.
“What was it you wanted?  Let’s make this fast so we can get back to me telling you to go to hell.”
Steve flinched, and Tony felt a little guilty.  “I just wanted to see how you were doing.  If there’s anything I can do to help.  I was… I was a little harsh yesterday.”
“No, you weren’t.  Don’t worry about it.  I’m fine, you’re fine, I don’t need your help.  I’ve got things to do.”  He turned back to his display and randomly modified a few parameters, assuming that to Steve’s untrained eye he would appear to be accomplishing something.
“I thought—“  Steve hesitated in the doorway, his eyes still on Tony.  “I thought maybe you could use a distraction.”
He could.  He could absolutely use a distraction.  And if anything were distracting enough, it would be Steve.  Tony looked at him, and couldn’t help but admire the way he filled out his gray t-shirt and dark jeans.  As always, he was a work of art.  But Tony’s dick didn’t even stir, and he shook his head.  
Steve regarded him for a long moment, and Tony worked to keep his own expressio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP
BDSM
Painplay
Impact Play
Non-Ideal Kink Negotiation
Rough Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

