Chapter 1: Bit of a Problem
    




Chapter Text
The mission went wrong before it even began.
One minute, the Avengers were riding quietly in the quinjet.  The next, Black Widow was yelling, "Incoming!" over Banner's startled, "That's a gamma signature!"  A green ray slashed past the window.
"Abandon ship," Captain America ordered.  He knew they might manage to dodge missiles; beams of light, probably not.
Iron Man could fly, and simply opened the hatch.  Black Widow and Hawkeye punched out, parachutes opening above their seats.  Captain America had his own chute strapped to his back, and barely made it out before the evil green beam reduced the aircraft to metallic vapor.  Banner didn't need a parachute: he had the Hulk.
It took an hour just for Captain America to reassemble his team one by one.  He didn't worry too much about that.  He'd done scatter drops before, including unplanned ones.  It was nice not having to do that over an active war zone, just the half-frozen and probably empty forest around an enemy base.  With no flack spattering the clouds around them, they had all landed safely.  Thank God for that,  thought Captain America.
"Bit of a problem," Iron Man said once they reconnected.  "The nimbus of the beam killed all my external connections, so I've lost my comm and my link to JARVIS.  The suit's insulation protected the internal components, though, so most of my gear still works and the arc reactor is fine."
Nice to know that Iron Man wasn't about to drop dead, but the break in communication posed a challenge.  Then it turned out that nobody else's comm had survived either.  They were completely cut off.  That was a nuisance.  The whole team remained intact, though.  The situation could have been much worse.
"Oh well, let's get on with the mission," Captain America said with a shrug.  "We can liberate a phone line or something after we take the AIM base."  He'd done silent ops before too.  Not fun, but he could work around the limitations.
It took them four hours to hike from the impromptu drop zone to the base itself.  At least the effort kept everyone warm.  Hawkeye complained about the length of the hike.  Iron Man speculated about the gamma weaponry, with an occasional word or two from Hulk trying to relay murky input from Bruce.  Captain America took advantage of the time to scrap the original battle plan and make a few new ones accounting for the shift in resources and line of approach.
They spent another three hours waiting for Black Widow and Hawkeye to infiltrate the AIM base and redo the surveillance, since somebody back at SHIELD had obviously missed vital information.  Captain America and Iron Man sheltered under the boughs of a fallen evergreen.  No one could see them from the base or the air.
Hulk simply hunkered down and made a boulder of himself.  It was eerie to see the "giant green rage monster" so quiet, yet still clearly angry enough to maintain his form.  Captain America recalled that Hulk was good at running and hiding as well as fighting.  If you didn't know what he was, from a few yards away Hulk would just look like a big rock,   thought Captain America.  It was impressive in a whole new way.
The actual fighting only lasted about an hour.  They smashed through the outer defenses into the heart of the base.  Captain America listened to the faint thwip, thwip   of Hawkeye's arrows and the surging rush of Iron Man's repulsors, over the chime of his own shield bouncing off walls to level the opposition.  Hulk made a loud green streak in the corner of his vision.  Black Widow was deadly silent and unseen.
Then it took three more hours for the Avengers to sweep the base and confirm that all enemy personnel were dead or captured.  They also had to secure the equipment to make sure nothing was set to explode, summon reinforcements, or otherwise cause problems.
This led to a brief scene in the basement lab when Hulk waded into a herd of terrified scientists, picked up one in particular, and snapped the long chain that had tethered him to a wall.  "John," Hulk rumbled.  "Quiet."
The man clutched at the huge green shoulder and stopped screaming long enough to stutter, "Wh-wh-what?"
"I know the big guy looks like he's all muscle, but he likes scientists, and it seems as if he knows you.  So if you could calm down a bit, that would help," Captain America said.  He fingered the end of the chain, glanced around the lab, and noted that most of the equipment lay within the scientist's bound range.  Put that together with Hulk's response, presumably courtesy of Banner knowing the man in question ... "AIM kidnapped you to build gamma weapons for them?"
The scientist nodded.
Captain America heard the whine of weapons charging.  "Iron Man, don't cook the overseers.  We need them for questioning," he said without looking around.
"Gentlemen, it's your unlucky day," Iron Man said to the AIM guards formerly in charge of the scientists.  "You've just been spared from a quick death to be flung
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Asexual Character
Asexual Relationship
Aromantic
BAMF!Avengers
Team Dynamics
Teamwork
Team as Family
Angst
Fluff and Angst
flangst
Fluff
Fear of loss
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Nonsexual Ageplay
Age Play
No Sex
Cute
Sleepovers
Bedtime Stories
Storytelling
Nightmares
Nightlights
Shadow Puppets
Personal Growth
Family
Families of Choice
Unconventional Families
#coulsonlives
Competency
help that is helpful rather than smothering
Decompensation

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team

