Chapter 1: 2002
    




Chapter Text

P
ä
rnu, Estonia, 2002

The mission was officially FUBAR.
He was calling it.
Agent Phil Coulson felt the slice of a bullet cut close enough that he could feel the heat of it on his cheek.  Instinctively, he ducked down behind a nearby parked car and resisted the urge curse creatively in Estonian as he fired back at the thugs chasing him.  “Simple recon mission, my ass,” he muttered to himself as he hunkered down behind the car and calmly checked how many bullets he had left in his clip.
This was not how he’d anticipated his first mission as operational control to have gone; Phil would have liked to believe his organizational skills were better than unmitigated failure.  At least Director Fury couldn’t take his recent promotion to level six away from him.  Probably.  If he tried, Phil could always threaten to quit again and stick Fury with all the paperwork.  Fury hated paperwork.  Who knew, it might be nice to actually live a life where no one shot at him on a regular basis and FUBAR missions didn’t require him to pull a miraculous solution out of his ass when his only resources were his 9mm, a malfunctioning earpiece and the power of his frustration.
“This is Agent Coulson,” he said calmly into his comm again and resisted the urge to curse aloud because he was a professional, damn it.  “Does anyone copy?”
The comm in his ear gave an irritated hiss, but Phil couldn’t hear any voices in between the bursts of static.  He refused to let his mind dwell on what that probably meant and instead risked a glance over the boot of the car to check on the location of the two thugs chasing him.  He bit back another litany of Estonian curses as he caught movement out of the corner of his eye and picked up the faint sound of a scuffed footstep as one of the thugs tried to sneak up on his position.  When Phil was done with this mission, he was going to find out who was responsible for the shitty Intel and smack their heads together.  Screw Fury’s rules about not terrorizing the analysts.
When Phil heard a second scuffed footstep, this one a lot closer, he dropped to his stomach and ignored the new dirt on his already ruined suit.  He grinned a little when he peered underneath the car and saw the legs of one of the thugs on the other side.  Ruthlessly, Phil shot out the thug’s ankle, before following it a shot to the head when the thug dropped with a shout of pain.  Rolling fluidly to his feet, Phil pivoted and shot the second thug sneaking up on his left.  His heart pounding with the flood of adrenaline, he scanned the late night shadows around him in case any other thugs were going to leap out and attempt to shoot him in the ass, but he appeared to be safe for now.  With a last glance around him, Phil tried to recall the street maps he’d studied as part of the mission briefing and started heading west.
Phil doubted there was anything salvageable from the operations center after the smugglers they’d been sent to watch had attacked.  The smugglers had known exactly where SHIELD was and why they’d been there, which Phil would be cursing about if he hadn’t been so busy trying to find the rest of his team.  At least from the remains of their surveillance post, Phil would be able to track where the smugglers had taken Agent Jasper Sitwell and hopefully make contact with their undercover asset and Phil’s former field partner, Agent Maria Hill.  Phil carefully ignored the churning in his stomach at not being the one watching Maria’s back this time and hoped Maria hadn’t met with anything she couldn’t deal with.
As he’d predicted, the corner of the abandoned building they’d been using as a surveillance point was trashed when Phil reached it, but was thankfully not being watched.  It had only been a stroke of luck that Phil hadn’t been grabbed along with Jasper when the place had been raided; after spending almost the last twenty years in the thick of the action, first as a US Army Ranger and then a SHIELD field agent, Phil had found spending sixteen hours confined to watching surveillance feeds and monitoring comm chatter more than a little claustrophobic and he’d stepped out for a breath of air.
Hearing a noise behind him, Phil pivoted sharply, gun-first.  He almost smiled in relief when he recognized the figure coming up behind him.  Agent Maria Hill was still dressed for her undercover mission in a little black dress, but she’d kicked off her heels somewhere and was armed with a gun.  “Comms are down,” she said in greeting, her sharp, pale blue eyes scanning Phil quickly for injuries.
Phil nodded in confirmation, grateful Maria wasn’t asking for an explanation of the obvious.  It was one of the reasons he liked her so much.  “Where’s Agent Kilpatrick?” he asked, wondering what the hell had happened to the junior agent who was supposed to be Maria’s backup.
Maria snorted.  “Agent Kilpatrick is an idiot,” she said.  “Also, he’s not you.”  She blinked for a moment.  “Where’s Jasper?”
Phil felt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Get Together
Slow Build
First Meetings
BAMF Phil Coulson
BAMF Clint Barton
SHIELD agents - Freeform
Falling In Love
Pining
action movie violence

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

