Work Text:
Nervousness kicks into overdrive as you type out a text message to your two soldiers. You gnaw at the inside of your bottom lip. A thin sheen of sweat makes your hands become clammy, resulting in you dropping your phone into your lap twice before you had even hit send.
Not long ago, Steve mentioned that he wanted to try new things with you and Bucky in the bedroom. Choking. Bondage. Spanking. The three of you had written up a list and were steadily checking things off, making note of what each of you liked and didn’t like. So far, it had just been the boys spit balling idea after idea. You were more than happy to do as they requested, but had yet to solicit a desire of your own. There was only one thing that you had never done but had always wanted to try, but kept quiet about it out of fear of how the men would react.
Your phone chiming and buzzing on the coffee table pulls you from your thoughts, and your heart begins to pound faster when you see that Steve had replied.
Y/N: You guys gonna be back soon?Steve: Stark's showing us a prototype for Bucky's arm. We're trying to get him to wrap it up. Everything alright, doll?Y/N: Yeah, it's just that... I finally decided what I wanna try with you and Buck.Steve: Oh yeah? What is it, baby girl?Steve: You got Bucky intrigued now. Don't be afraid to tell us. Whatever you want, it's yours.Y/N: I wanna try out pet play...Steve: We'll be up in five minutes.
Shit. Five minutes?
Unsure of their response, but hoping for the best, you had prepared ahead of time. Your hair was curled and tousled to near perfection. You were glad that the thirty minutes worth of doing your makeup wasn’t going to go to waste. You begin to pace back and forth, anxious for their arrival. Your white silk robe is short and hugs to your body, but it’s enough to conceal your lingerie until you’re ready to show yourself off to your men. The black heels you wear are for Bucky’s benefit. He told you he loved to see you all dolled up, but it drove him crazy to imagine you wearing nothing but those particular shoes.
The sound of keys jingling on the other side of the door makes you stop in your tracks. Bucky pushed open the door, huffing for air. Steve nearly ran him over, his face red from the sudden exertion he had put his body through. Had they really ran from the lab to the apartment instead of just waiting for the elevator?
The realization makes a smirk appear on your lips as you lick over them slowly. “Hi, boys.” You greet smugly. Steve shuts the door behind him as they both close the space between you. They remain quiet, slack jawed and wide eyed, just taking in the sight of you. “I wanted to offer an out before I committed myself completely… Are you sure you want to do this?”
“Y/N, if we weren’t sure we wouldn’t be here. That text alone had us hard in seconds flat.” Steve admits, pressing a kiss to your temple.
“We don’t need or want an out,” Bucky chimes in, pecking your cheek before pulling Steve to the sofa and each of them taking a seat. “We wanna see what you have in store for us.”
“Alright,” You smile. “I’ll be right back and then we can get things started. One of you do me a favor and get the lube?” You ask before disappearing into the bedroom. Taking a deep breath to compose yourself, you place a pair of cat ears on your head and take a quick glimpse in the mirror to make sure they’re positioned to your liking. As you emerge back into the living room, you can’t help but to giggle at the mens’ eager stares. Their excitement gave you butterflies as you pull on the rope of your robe to let it fall open, only giving them a peak as to what’s underneath.
Bucky is the first to respond. “Did you get yourself all dolled up just for us, Kitten?”
Steve rummages through the side table and pulls out a small bottle of lubricant, grinning at you softly. “Of course she did. Our little girl is always so willing to please her Daddy and her Captain, aren’t you sweetheart?”
You hum while you nod, a smile stretching across your face. “This is for you as much as it is for me. I wanted to go all out to make you…” Your gaze drops to the bulges suffering in their jeans. “Happy.”
“Well, you’ve definitely succeeded.” Steve says with a hint of sarcasm. “What else do you have up your sleeve?”
“Buck, there’s a gift bag on your side of the couch. I want you two to open it.” You announce as you sink to your knees between their legs, looking up at them innocently.
Grabbing the bag, Bucky eyes you suspiciously. He sets the back between him and Steve and they carelessly toss aside the tissue paper to search for what’s inside. Steve’s eyes widen as he pulls out a plug with a long, black, cat tail on the end of it. “Does this go where I think it does?”
You smirk, leaning in to Steve until you’re at eye level with him. “Where do you think it goes, Captain?”
Steve’s hand snakes around your hip and pulls you into his lap. His long fingers trace the small of your back before his middle finger dips beneath the back s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
Captain kink
Tail (Plug)
Collar
Oral Sex
Squirting
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Reader-Insert

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

