Chapter 1: You Need Help, Tony Stark
    




Chapter Text
There is no hell like an anxiety disorder.He’s always had it, really, but it hadn’t really been until Afghanistan—or maybe it was the whole Obie-is-a-wacked-out-evil-shit that really got it kick-started, he didn’t have nearly as many nightmares before that, though honestly, it was hard to tell what with the already, admittedly, erratic sleeping schedule he had—that it’d really come to full throttle. Nightmares occurring every time he closed his eyes, the taste of sand and blood on his tongue whenever he couldn’t get liquor or coffee on it, the constant wonderings and recollections of his latent guilt and anguish over everything that had gone down in the life he hated—no, abhorred—to call his own.Contemplated ending it, once or twice. Or maybe more. He doesn’t really know anymore, to be perfectly honest, because it’s all become a foggy haze of anger and confusion and lack of drive and whiskey and probably too many things for him to even start giving a name to, with a glass in one hand and Howard’s old M1917, given to him by the ever-so-wonderful Howling-fucking-Commandos as some sort of gift, he forgot the reason for it now, but it doesn’t matter when this relic is sitting in his left hand with a bullet in the chamber, just itching for the hammer to be released to let it loose into his brain pan. He’s sure he would’ve gone through with it, too. He knows he wanted to. Or believed he wanted to. That’s what the therapist Pepper got him said, anyways; that he’d believed that he’d wanted to, and it was just the fear that was talking. The disorder. The depression.But it was him, he knew it. It was him, thinking about how much he’d rather shoot out his [treasured] little brain and end every part of his shitty little life right where it was, right as it stood—just finally fucking end it—but he never gets to, never finds the chance. Closest he gets to it is slotting the barrel of the gun between his teeth and getting his index finger to slide onto the trigger before Pep—or is Rhodey? Maybe it’s Happy; all three of them kind of merge together sometimes—bursts in and rips the gun from his hand, knocks the glass of whatever it is from the other, screaming, shouting, begging all the while, making him feel guilty for this act of his own free will that they’ve so wrongfully thwarted.He’s over his suicide phase now. (Mostly.) There’s some days he’s got half the mind to end it, but he doesn’t, can’t do it, because now he’s more than the fuck-up that is Tony Stark; now he’s Iron Man. A goddamn ‘hero’, if you can call him that, in a world that needs one more than it ever has, because now things are getting weird in the world—and weird definitely needs that emphasis. And while he’s not the sanest line of protection for humanity, he knows this all too well; he also knows he hasn’t got a fat lot of choice. Funny thing, being the man with the resources. Being the man with the ability. Sometimes, you get fuck all choice in it what you did with it.It’s why he’s got such a hard time walking away. Pepper claimed it was the anxiety talking. And, you know, maybe she’s right, maybe it is. Maybe it’s why he thinks so much about every decision he makes, no matter what the decision is, (even if the decision is rife with insignificance) and maybe it is the very reason he’s having the problem making the choice to walk away from this life he’s found himself leading. Maybe it’s why he’s let it consume him. Maybe, even, let it make his decisions for him. But, then again, maybe she’s wrong, because she doesn’t really know the half of it. She doesn’t know what it’s like to think like he does, to think of every little disaster before believing in the one he just wants to be the right outcome (and almost never is); to always fear the worst outcome no matter the situation. She doesn’t know what it’s like. She’s lucky.Everyone else is lucky. They don’t know the half of it.And the luckiest of them all?The luckiest of them all is Iron Man, because Iron Man doesn’t have the worry about being some anxiety-riddled prick with an alcoholic tendency. No, Iron Man is just a hero. He’s a hero with quasi dare-devil inclinations that sometimes leads the high risk of death, but a hero nonetheless, and he is a hero with significantly less decisions to make. Sure, he makes the occasional hard call—but, in the heat of the moment, when he’s Iron Man, he found himself with a lot less thinking to do. Found himself able to focus on one thing at a time, a new thing for him. A great thing. An amazing thing. Something that he can never explain to Pep; just how nice it is, because she wouldn’t understand. She thought the multitasking thing was something to be jealous of. He doesn’t blame her for it; nobody would really get it.It makes him forget. It makes him forget a lot, to be thinking of so much always, and not having the mind necessary to remember it all, to keep all of the old memories with the new ones, and it w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Anxiety Disorder
Anxiety
Peter-centric
Kid Peter Parker
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Angst
Depressed Tony Stark
Lonely Tony Stark
Lonely Peter
Self-Esteem Issues
Suicidal Thoughts
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Tony Stark has Anxiety
Depression
Dependence - Freeform
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
No Romance
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Iron Man 2
Not Canon Compliant
Everyone Has Issues
Light Language
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Minor Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bad Jokes

fandom: 
None
