Work Text:
It comes on him when he least expects it. One moment, he's putting milk into his basket, looking for bread, and the next he's standing in an aisle and doesn't know where he is, doesn't know what any of this is, and he can't breathe.  He feels as small as he used to be, feels like he's gone somewhere or said something he shouldn't have, like he's been hit and he's bleeding. The future is standing over him, and he can't get away, and Christ, now's when Bucky should be walking in. When Bucky should be landing the punch Steve can't, throwing his arm around Steve, and everything should be okay. But it's not. It's not.He's so alone.It's not the first time it's happened, not even the second or the third. Knowing the feeling in his chest like he can't get any air doesn't help him, though. It doesn't make the panic feel any less real. He sets his basket down and manages to stagger to the end of an aisle, near the swinging doors. He ducks inside, and he's Captain America, damn it. He can infiltrate the back room of a grocery store. He can buy milk and bread. Only he can't. He can't.Somehow or other, he shoves himself into a crevice in the back of a storeroom, and this is fine. He puts his back to a shelf and draws his knees up, puts his forehead tight to them and wraps his arms around himself. All he has to do is breathe. This will all be over soon and then—The jolt of remembrance hits him, sudden and aching and awful.It won't be over. Not soon. Not ever.And nothing reminds him of that more than the sudden sound of guitars in the empty space.Fumbling, Steve reaches into his pocket and pulls out the little telephone Tony insists he carry with him everywhere. Sure enough, the picture on the screen is one of Tony throwing up a peace sign, and Steve doesn't need this. Can't take this. Can't…He curls his free hand into a fist and takes three shuddering not-quite-breaths.He can do this. Of course he can.He slides his thumb across the screen the way Tony told him to and rakes his fingers through his hair. "Hello?""Cap, listen, I was—""Tony. This…Is it something important?"There's a split second of silence. When he speaks again, Tony's tone has changed entirely. "Steve? You okay?"Steve's not. He's jittery and shaky and exhausted, shirt damp with sweat, but there's something about Tony calling him Steve. He lets out a deep sigh, and it doesn't rattle as much in his chest. It lets him pull some air in, and that feels better."Yeah," Steve croaks. "Yeah. Just…it's not the best time.""You don't sound okay.""It'll be all right."Another pause, and pauses aren't things that happen with Tony. "Where are you, Steve?""Out."Tony's eye roll is almost audible. "Super helpful, there. I'm guessing you're not at the tower or SHIELD?""No. I, er, I went to the grocery store.""Have you done that before?""Yeah—" But, actually… "No, not like this. Little corner market, sure, but this is…""A little different from the forties, huh, old-timer?"Steve rubs his hand over his eyes, hard. "Listen, Stark, if you're just going to make fun of me—""Hey, no fun. I mean, I am fun, but I'm not making fun. Who's making fun? Definitely not me. I'm just saying. Things change."The way Tony says it this time, it's different. Like things really do change and like he understands, or at least as if he's trying to. It's…nice. This voice in his ear, one he doesn't entirely understand but that's familiar. Right now, he'll latch onto that. Latch onto it and hold on."Can you just…" Steve winces and drags his palm over his face again. His breathing is steadier now. He isn't shaking. "You called for a reason, right?""Sure. Of course. I—"Steve can hear the offense in Tony's voice, and he groans. "Not trying to get rid of you." Quite the opposite in fact. "Just, can you…talk? About something?""Wait. You want me to talk?""Yes?"Tony clears his throat. And then he launches into a discussion about Steve's uniform. Somewhere in the litany of measurements and materials and benchmarks, Steve pieces together that Tony called to ask him if he had a preference for shades of blue, but Tony seems to have decided what the best one is all by himself now. Steve lets him talk, lets the drone of his babble wash over him. Anchor him.Everything in him eases, and he gets a really deep, full breath this time. When Tony pauses, Steve breathes out. "Tony?""Yeah?""Thank you."And there's no sassy reply, no continuation of the diatribe. Instead, there's just Tony's voice, infused this time with warmth."Any time."…Later on, Steve runs into Tony at SHIELD. Tony's perched on someone's desk, fiddling with something on his tablet. He looks up at Steve with a gaze that seems to peer right through him.Steve's not feeling so thin, though, not so fragile. He's steady. He's fine. He tilts his chin up and fits into his own skin, straightening his spine and throwing back his shoulders.Their gazes connect. Tony gives one jerky nod of his head, then looks back down.And that's all there is to it. No words ar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Post Iron Man 3
Anxiety Attacks
Hurt/Comfort
First Kiss
PTSD
Panic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

