Work Text:

The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.

 
Tony’s had the words on his wrist for as long as he can remember.  They’re written in blue ink, the handwriting neat and steady, and for most of his young life he neither knows nor cares what they mean.
                Eventually, though, he gets curious, and so he asks around.  Father doesn’t tell him anything, ordering him to get back to his studies.  Mother, though—Mother is helpful, and she patiently explains the concept of soulmates, explaining that those words will lead him right to his own someday.  Then she shows him her own wrist, displaying the words Ford Thunderbird convertible in what Tony recognizes as Father’s handwriting.  It’s the car he was driving the day they met, she says, and that was when she knew.
                Tony frowns, looking back at his own wrist, and tries to fathom how a Thomas Paine quote could possibly lead him anywhere.
 
Tony comes to learn that everyone’s words are—or should be, anyway—a private matter, not to be flaunted around.  He finds that his own words in particular are of interest to both his peers and the media, tabloid articles supposedly exposing them popping up with increasing frequency as he gets older and, if he’s being quite honest with himself, handsomer.  At some point, he gets into the habit of covering his wrist with concealer, even though he fervently rubs it off every night so he can touch the words with his fingers, wondering where his soulmate is right now.  Maybe, he sometimes muses, it would be easier if everyone knew what his words looked like.  Maybe his soulmate would recognize their own handwriting and just come to him on their own.
                But these words were written for him, he thinks, and he doesn’t want to share them with anyone.
 
He casts a wide net.  Once he’s in college, he starts sleeping around with anyone who might be associated with Thomas Paine in any way.  History students, because Paine was a historical figure.  Military personnel, because Paine was a patriot.  Political activists, because Paine was one himself.
                Most of it ends up just being sex.  Some relationships last for a couple of days until Tony catches a glimpse of their wrists and realizes that he’s not the one for them, and by the time he reaches his last year in MIT, he wonders if he’s going about this the right way.
                Then he lays eyes on one Sunset Bain, and everything changes.
 
“I’m very much a self-made woman,” Sunset tells him the day they first meet, and Tony finds himself hopelessly smitten.  And it’s strange, he thinks, because he’s not entirely sure if he should be falling so hard for someone who doesn’t seem to be immediately connected to his words, but here he is anyway, head over heels.  He’d try and sneak notes off her if he could to compare the handwriting, but she never writes anything in front of him, only types away on her portable computer.
                Nonetheless, as they spend more time together, Tony finds ways in which she surely is the one.  After all, like Thomas Paine, she’s ambitious, revolutionary.  Like the quote, she enjoys challenges, knowing that glorious, certain victory will come with enough effort.  And the more he thinks about these things, the more he’s convinced.  His words are for Sunset, and Tony thinks there’s nothing he wants more than to spend the rest of his life with her.
                His reasoning is pathetically flimsy, but he won’t know this until it’s too late.
                One month into their relationship, as they lie tangled in bed together, Tony, on impulse, wipes the concealer off and shows her his wrist.  “I think this is talking about you,” he confesses to her, and it won’t be until years later that he realizes how naïve of him it was to do such a thing.
                In the present moment, though, he thinks nothing of it as Sunset takes his arm and smiles down at it, looking pleased.  “Is that so?” she asks, and he grins wide and nods at her, his heart beating a mile a minute.
                A week after that, after Sunset returns his notes for one of their mechanical engineering classes, she pulls him aside and rolls her bracelet off her left arm, showing him her own words—Tony Stark, they say in deep red ink, the handwriting identical to his own.
                Tony inhales, exhales, and then rubs his eyes to make sure he’s seeing right.  “It’s you,” he says after a long moment, and she just quirks her lips, slipping her bracelet back on.
                “Me,” she agrees, taking his hand and holding it.
                Everything seems to fall into place after that.  They spend their free time designing various pieces of equipment together, filing joint prototypes and coauthoring papers.  When they’re not building things, they make love everywhere they can think of—in the classroom, on the beach, in his car.  “I love you,” he says to her often, and she smiles and tells him “I know”.  Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Romance
Community: cap_ironman
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

