Chapter 1: The Playground
    




Chapter Text
Collectively, the chains and the blindfold rob him of everything except his mouth. But it is not being used for the laying of silvered words or world-toppling lies. At this moment, he finds it a struggle enough not to choke on Stark’s shockingly thick length.
 
Tony pulls out with a grunt, and for three seconds the silence is filled with Loki’s frantic gasps for air. Then his throat is filled again. Tony’s hand is tangled in his hair – which has grown long and matted – forcing him back and forth along the saliva-slicked organ and reawakening the burning ache in his neck, taut from the strain of being spread-eagled for ease of use, or so it seemed.
 
Several times has he contemplated simply biting it off. But he is in exile; not just from his realm, but from all that made him invincible. That cancelled out the luxury of starting any battles on Earth, or bearing the wrath of a man robbed of his manhood but not his steel and sorcery.
 
He was right about humans after all. Low, vengeful animals incapable of sating their base needs. Barely two days into his fall from godhood, from Asgard, they were practically baying for his flesh. Especially the man in red armour. The bitter tang of metal that reminded him all too closely of Thor’s breastplate had been the last thing he tasted before the gauntleted hand came smashing down upon his suddenly mortal head.
 
And with hardly more than a few blinks from the authorities – with the right exchange of discreet paperwork, or perhaps lack thereof – Loki was now the property of Stark Industries. A fact he is reminded of via the engorged penis gagging him more effectively than the muzzle had, distorting a face that once shone with the marble lustre of millennia and now bore only the sheen of sweat and the glisten of human seed.
 
That filthy seed shoots down his throat in a hot stream. He is forced to swallow. He always is.
 
Tony removes his blindfold and lifts his head to look into his tired, glazed eyes. The Iron Man is alit with lust; his tawny face is all the more handsome for it. Loki wants to spit on it. Spit the taste of his own cock back at him.
 
Instead he is made to suffer one more indignity. Gripping his chin to hold his mouth open, Tony calls to the lean approaching figure.
 
“Hey Tasha. Our resident god is hungry for more. Fancy polishing your quim on the famous silver tongue?”
 
Romanoff – the one they call the Black Widow – makes a sound of distaste. But Loki can smell a whiff of want just below it; a tingle of curiosity, like the heat of a cat. She resists the impulse, however, and passes on by. “I was just getting a beer, Stark. Jesus.”
 
Loki can see the deadly undulation of her muscles as she saunters to the fridge for the intended beverage. He fantasizes tearing into her with the knives he no longer has.
 
A crack and fizzle fills the heavy air, and the scent of chilled lager. “Must you use the basement as your dungeon-porn playground?”
 
“Well, seeing as I paid for the damage after our prisoner here tried to turn it into a pile of dust…why yes, I think so.”
 
“I see. And how much did you pay to make said prisoner your personal pleasure machine?”
 
“Not enough to concern you, Agent.”
 
This makes Loki bristle, and against his better judgment he thrashes violently in the chains. A mighty rattle echoes through the dim interior. Not enough, indeed! His body, his life, his very existence has been reduced to a paltry exchange of mortal currency. In the past two hours his every crevice had been subject to every intrusion Stark could think of that wasn’t excruciatingly painful. So much that he had almost let willingly suckled Stark’s cock as the least of his torments. The memory of tears, of breathless sobs he had spilled at last from the shock and the white-hot shame, was fresh – too fresh…
 
And now, as Agent Romanoff’s cat-like footsteps leave the room (but not before she cast a lingering gaze upon his nakedness), Tony strokes himself and spurts one last gush of semen into his mouth before he is allowed to close it. The fluid spills over onto Loki’s face and into his hair, marking him as a dog might mark its corner with piss.
 
“There. That wasn’t too bad, was it? Surely the bastards in Asgard would have devised more painful punishments. If your myths are anything to go by.” He leans close to Loki’s ear. “Maybe, I dunno, a whole battalion of Odin’s finest spraying their come on you while you’re tied up naked before the courts?” He chuckled. “I’m sorry. That sounds like bad porn but there you go.”
 
Despite the implausibility, Loki shudders at the image. And then he is simply shuddering, uncontrollable tremors running through him as the sweat cools on his abused body.
 
“Hey…shh, it’s alright. It’s OK.” Tony’s hands massage his shoulders and back in slow, soothing rhythms. “It’s OK. Calm down.” The hands slid down to push his legs apart. “As four of our earthly deities once said, all you need is love.”
 
Then th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki

freeform: 
Blow Jobs
Bondage
Punishment
Humiliation
Gags
BDSM
Spanking
Butt Plugs
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Drug Use
Master/Slave

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki

