Chapter 1: Acceptance
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
      To the rest of the world, it all ended with superheroes eating together in a dignified silence, with the weariness of battle clinging to them like a musky perfume. They were sitting around the table in a brightly-colored tableau, blood-red and dark purple, glittering gold and shining silver, crimson and royal blue, dazzling colors intertwined on deep black and immaculate white, like an epic heraldry.To Bruce Banner, it all started with this half-hearted team eating shwarma in complete exhaustion, and an intense feeling of unreality clinging to him as he sat next to those who were now Earth's Mightiest Heroes with his stubble and his dull, rumpled clothes.He had still trouble processing what had happened in the course of only one day. He had come back – although he still did not know whether he had made the right call. In the end, it was the Hulk who had saved the day, though. Bruce Banner had only managed to locate a demi-god hiding in plain sight, to a rather counter-productive extent since their enemy wanted to be caught anyway ; afterwards, he had almost wrecked the Helicarrier and very nearly killed Natasha Romanov, endangering Tony, Thor and Steve's life in the process. He had only got back on track in time for the last battle, when he had finally let the Hulk take the reins, for everyone's own good. Heck, the Other Guy had even saved Tony Stark's life.This unexpected turn of events had called a lot into question, to the point that Bruce had chosen to stay instead of setting off as soon as the battle was over. He had taken a great risk ; he could have been thrown in a lab cage ; instead he was offered shwarma. Unlikely as it may sound, these people seemed ready to admit that the Hulk wasn't all bad. They might actually have walked this path further than him already ; Tony Stark, for one, had trusted the Other Guy from the beginning. Bruce hadn't allowed himself to hope on this scale for a long time, and he couldn't shake off the impression that must be deluding himself somehow ; but if there really was a place for his alter ego among the Avengers... His heart was pounding with the mere thought of it.A superhero. He smiled wryly at his food. This was completely ludicrous, but hell, why not. His whole life had turned into a festival of absurdity ever since the accident. He was ready to add another layer of nonsense if it could allow him to seize a chance he hadn't dared hope for. He looked up shyly. The others were all eating in silence, not paying much attention to him, which was both freeing and intimidating. He knew it was supposed to feel like there was no need for words with the instant intimacy they had found after the battle ; but God – how he wanted to talk to them. It was almost painful. They were almost complete strangers, but they were the only people with whom he had a chance to build something that wouldn't fall apart in a month or so. It was almost terrifying, that he could have such expectancies. He would have almost preferred a clear no to this wavering maybe ; but even Natasha wasn't eyeing him warily anymore, now that they had fought side by side with the Hulk. So he found himself stuck with his frightening hopes.And he wanted to speak up, to express his feelings, his gratitude, his regrets, to simply talk to them – he hadn't had a casual conversation in ages. But shyness was rooting him to the spot. He wouldn't dare breaking the silence and focusing the attention on him ; as though he was scared they hadn't actually noticed he was there, and would throw him out the second they did. He perfectly knew this particular fear to be completely irrational – unlike the very real threat of SHIELD's final decision about him – but it still effectively kept him from speaking. He wouldn't have known what to say anyway.So he just kept eating, both hope and apprehension boiling inside him in a feverish mix, He was shrinking down a little on himself out of habit, even though there was no way he would ever blend in such a crowd. There were all so... colored. For a second, he wished again he were wearing something else than his worn, dusty clothes ; then he pictured himself in a flashy leotard and smirked slightly in the corner of his mouth. Even though he was sitting at their table, he wasn't sharing their exhaustion, their memories, and he couldn't help feeling guilty about it. Not to mention they weren't worrying about what would come next. Everything was clear and certain in their minds. Tony Stark had been a superhero for years already – to say nothing of Steve Rogers. Thor was an alien god of royal blood. Natasha Romanov was the Black Widow and it pretty much spoke for itself...Wait. Bruce's eyes flickered up at Clint Barton, who was chewing mechanically with his leg on Natasha's seat. The archer couldn't possibly entertain the feeling that everything was clear and certain. The d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Loki
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Thor & Loki
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
evil!Bruce
Sort Of
desperate!Bruce
Whump
Graphic Torture
Human Experimentation
Abuse
Bannertech
The Avengers Are Dicks
Or Are They ?
Loki Is Evil
Or Is He ?
Gray Morality
Ambiguous Feelings
Stockholm Syndrome dynamics
Lima Syndrome dynamics
realistic Bruce/Loki
perhaps a bit too realistic this time
Hulkeye - Freeform
gammafrost - Freeform
Bruce Angst
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Bruce Feels
Clint Feels
Loki Feels
Feels
FEELS YOU HEAR
Heartache
Angst
Guilt
Rejection
Self-Loathing
Hurt/Comfort
Explicit Sexual Content
Trigger warning for possible suicidal interpretation
Fury and Loki compete for the title of Most Manipulative Bastard
Thor and Loki have LOTS of issues together
Author basks in own evilness
All bets are off as to how this will end

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Loki
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Thor & Loki
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

