Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
He loved the feeling of the wind rushing through his fur, the dirt beneath his paws and the freedom he had as he ran through the forest.The big black wolf stopped in his tracks as he reached the top of the cliff that looked out over the city of Asgard. He took in a deep breath and surveyed his home. All was peaceful and had been for a while now.Loki stretched out his front legs and then his back ones. While he wanted to stay out for another night, he knew if he stayed away from the palace for too long people would start to get suspicious. Only his family knew of his wolf side.It was both a blessing and a curse. It had started when he turned 4. He had changed right on front of his brother and mother into a young cub. That was when he was told the truth about his true parentage. They had been like him, half wolf half Aesir.  His mother had went to Odin and Frigga for guidance after his father had taken advantage of her being in heat, then he had just ran off. So Frigga and Odin took her in and cared for her. But she died while giving birth as it had been a complicated birth. So Odin and Frigga took the baby in as their own. He wasn’t too worried about his true heritage. For being half wolf came in handy at times, such as when at war. He could sniff out enemy camps and destroy them all while they slept.  The only bad thing, was that he never felt a connection to any woman. No matter how many he tried to lie with, he could never get the satisfaction that he craved. It was like an itch that couldn’t be scratched no matter how many times he tried.He was told about his body, how it would differ from the other Aesir. He had been embarrassed to have that conversation with his mother. She had told him about how wolves normally knot their mates. But that had never happened to him before, so he thought he perhaps hadn’t inherited that gene. However, he did note that there was a slight bulge near the base of his penis. But it never seemed to grow larger, even when he was having sex. He never had the urge to go past it for some reason. His mother seemed to think it was because he hadn’t found the right mate yet to bond with.She also told him how there were others in the universe like him. They were all known as Alphas and omegas. Some could turn into a wolf like he could and others couldn’t. But as far as he knew, there were none on Asgard that could turn into a wolf. Aside from him.He was different from the normal wild wolves. They were all brown, whereas he was as black as a raven. He was also quicker and stronger than them. He of course had the mind of a god, which meant he was smarter than them all. All of those things combined made him a very dangerous predator. If only Asgard’s enemies knew of what he was, what he could be, they would never quarrel with them again.That was one of the reasons why Odin had declared that he would banish any others like him. As they were much too dangerous to have around and he made the only exception for his adopted son.

Loki was away to make his way back home, but he froze on the spot as he suddenly smelt something in the light breeze. It was a scent that he had never come across before. It was delicious, sweet and like winter.He silently walked towards the direction of where the smell was coming from. But as he grew closer, he saw something white run off through the trees. But as it ran away, the smell went with it.Odd. He thought as he decided to run after the white thing. But it was nearly just as quick as he was, which made it difficult to catch up with.But as he chased it to the edge of the forest, he saw it clear as anything as it ran out from between the trees and across the fields.It was a wolf. But not just any wolf. A white one. Which meant that it was no normal wolf. He felt his heart skip a beat and a rush of excitement swim through his veins.
‘Are you sure, Loki?’ Frigga asked him as he told her of what he saw in the forest.‘I’m telling you, mother. I saw her with my own eyes. A beautiful wolf as white as snow. Extremely fast, just like me.’ Loki said excitedly as he followed her to the banquet hall.‘How do you know it was a she?’ Frigga asked as she stopped suddenly.‘Because I could smell her scent. I was… Drawn to her.’‘Hmm. It’s not impossible for there to be another like you. However, we would have known about it by now I’m sure… Unless she has just newly come to Asgard. Let me do some investigating and find out of any newcomers here. In the meantime, be careful.’ Frigga said as she kissed her son on the forehead.Loki tried to enjoy himself over dinner. But his mind kept thinking to the white wolf he saw. He definitely knew she was a she. He could smell her. And what was annoying him the most, was that he felt drawn to her. He wanted to see her, properly.
The following day, Loki went out running in the forest again to see if he could find her. But there was no sign of her. When he returned home there was a faint smell of her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Loki - Freeform
tom hiddleston - Freeform
wolf loki
Werewolf Loki
Wolves
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Loki
A/B/O
Omega Verse
Omegaverse
omega - Freeform
Knotting
knots
Animalistic
Animal Traits
Hunting
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Sexual Content
Creampie
Barebacking
Mating Cycles/In Heat
heat - Freeform
Rutting
Possessive Behavior
Protectiveness
Protective Loki
Dom/sub
Dom Loki
Bondage
Tickling
Playful Sex
Animalistic Sex
Fighting
Bonding
Soulmates
Imprinting
Fluff
Chosen One
wolf realm
wolfheim
Violence
Death

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

