Chapter 1: Spring: when the lights go out
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“No.”Peter's voice had a finality to it that simply prompted Wade to begin his whining anew.“But Spidey!” the merc drawled. “It'll be fun, I promise! Lots of laughs!”Sighing, Peter continued spinning his web. It went across the span of his honorary room at the Avengers' tower and was the only thing in the room, besides the two occupants that is. Peter had an apartment now, he didn't want to spend a lot of time at the tower even with his own room. Especially not with the other Avengers and their prying eyes which wanted his identity and Peter was absolutely not willing to give that up just weeks after their partnership had been formed. Maybe in a few years.Wade was still talking. “Just a little prank, okay? Some shaving cream on the hand or a string to trip on. Harmless stuff!”“Tripping on a string is not exactly harmless,” Peter pointed out, testing out the comfort of his web. It could stand to be a little bigger but it sure was turning out beautifully. Definitely one of the best he'd made, though he'd spent hours on it for a reason.“Killjoy,” Wade muttered. He sat cross legged underneath the web, plucking at a few strings and making Peter wince with annoyance.It was the first of April and Wade had apparently decided that Spider-Man was his go to in order to get access to the tower. He wanted to pull pranks on the other guys, saying something about it being in the spirit of the holiday or some shit. Peter thought it was all nonsense and he wasn't exactly wrong. Honestly, he and Wade didn't see each other very often, maybe once a month when they crossed paths or teamed up for a patrol.“You know,” Peter started, hanging over a few strings to look down at Wade, “you don't have to get my permission. I mean, I'll stop you if you try to actually set up any pranks around here, and don't think FRIDAY isn't going to notice, but I don't get why you're asking in the first place. You're an adult.”“Aw, Spidey, that's so cute. I want your permission because I want you to like me!” Wade looked up at him with a grin that was visible through his mask. “You're my fave, web-head. I gotta get your approval for stuff!”Peter frowned. “Well that's gonna be hard because I don't really approve of much that you do.”Wade gasped and covered his heart with his hands. “Why ever not?”Shaking his head, Peter moved around and resumed his calculations for web placement, saying distractedly, “You're a mercenary. You kill people. I'm really not about that life, Wilson.”“Hey, hey,” Wade said defensively. “I haven't killed anyone in like a year.”“Uh-huh. Maybe in this city, but I know you take jobs around the world still.”“Nope! Even in outsourced jobs. I got a little bug that I wanna impress and that means I've been a good Deadpool for a while now!” Wade giggled to himself and Peter glanced at him with considerably less amusement than the older man had.“Really.”“Really, really.”Peter stifled a laugh and didn't even dignify the reference with an answer. He swung to the floor from the web and held out a hand that Wade took with that grin still plastered on his face. “So I know this really great hot dog cart—”“I'm starving, let's go!” Wade said before Peter had even finished. He stood, didn't let go of Peter's hand, and all but dragged the smaller man out the door.Passing through the common room led them right by Tony, who looked up from his phone to frown at them. “Please tell me you didn't let him pull any pranks, Spidey,” Tony called out, looking annoyed simply by seeing Wade there.Peter shook Wade's grip off and told Tony, “Of course, what do you take me for?” Tony looked relieved and his eyes went back to his phone.“Have fun, you kids,” he said, the danger appearing to have passed.Peter led Wade towards the elevator across the room and they stepped inside within a few short seconds. Just before the doors closed, Peter yelled over to Tony, “Wade didn't set anything up, but I did. Have fun!”He was laughing even as Tony shouted with indignation. Beside him, Wade was looking at him with his mouth dropped open.“You're kidding, right?” he asked.Grinning behind his mask, Peter nodded. “Yeah, but he doesn't know that. He'll be on his toes all day, I'm sure.”Wade chuckled. “Oh, you naughty, naughty spider.”Peter felt his cheeks get pink and he turned his face away, letting the last dregs of laughter leave his chest. . . . Peter and Wade weren't really friends. They just hung out and even though Peter had Wade's number, he never called him. Sometimes they just wound up on the same rooftop at night and Peter often assumed that Wade had really been looking for him, but he wasn't going to mention it. They ate tacos together every once in a while and one time Peter crashed at a safe house that Wade owned when they had done some business by the docks and Peter was too tired to make it home.But they weren't friends. Just fri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Grief/Mourning
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Humor
Fluff
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Smut
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Future Fic
Identity Reveal
copious swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

