Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes woke up to a cold, wet nose in his ear and a pressing weight on his bladder.  "Mmph," he mumbled, pushing half-heartedly at the muzzle, hoping for a few more blessed minutes of sleep.  Instead, he heard a pitiful whine, then the nose burrowed under his chin."M'kay, okay."  He opened bleary blue eyes to stare into the deep brown ones of his Lab/Retriever mix, Cap, who gave him a friendly lick across the cheek.  "I can take a hint."He got a sharp bark in reply, and absent-mindedly scratched Cap behind the ears.  "Don't suppose you're hiding any Advil, are you, baby girl?" Already, he could feel the beginning of an epic headache hovering behind his eyes like a vulture circling its prey.  He blamed Morita.  Or maybe Clint. Or maybe that last bar they'd hit the night before, with too many shots and not nearly enough water.When he stumbled out of the bathroom and down the hall, after taking a much needed piss and brushing the fungus off his teeth, he found Morita fast asleep on his large sectional sofa.  The other man was stripped to his boxers, comfortably sprawled out, and snoring loud enough to wake the dead. Winter, Bucky's Chow/Black Lab mix, was curled up at his feet, snoring almost as loudly.  Bucky envied them the sleep they were getting.The heavenly smell of freshly brewed coffee drew him into the kitchen, Cap enthusiastically nipping at his heels the way she always did.  Clint was at the stove, dressed in a pair of cut-offs and nothing else, his flyaway blond hair pulled off his face by a bright purple headband. He was mixing some sort of egg and veggie concoction into a bowl while butter sizzled merrily in a frying pan.  He looked remarkably awake and aware for someone who'd not only played a gig last night, but had drank pretty much everyone under the table.Fucking musicians, man.  Bucky was positive they all had some sort of super livers or iron constitutions or some superior genetic coding."Coffee's ready, babycakes," Clint said, without looking up from his task.  Musicians were also saints.Bucky made a beeline for his favorite NASA mug.  "I would totally marry you if the courthouses were open today." Clint just laughed. "What makes you think I'd have you when I've got Wanda?""Once she realizes you're way beneath her pay grade, she'll trade up for someone better –""– you mean, like she did you?"Bucky punched Clint on the shoulder, but it lacked its usual sting.  It was too early for serious physical activity.  "Hey, I did you a favor, introducing you two.""That you did," Clint agreed.After the first few, life-affirming sips, Bucky felt somewhat human enough to scrounge through his cabinets for the bottle of Advil.  He washed four down with another hit of coffee, then tied his own messy mop of dark-brown hair back into a quick manbun.  "Hey, wasn't Sam with us last night?""Yeah, he took a shower and bailed already."  Clint poured the mixture onto the pan, spatula at the ready.  "He and Natasha have some early appointment with, I dunno, the wedding coordinator or something.  I wasn't paying much attention."Bucky winced.  "Lucky Sam.  Sounds fun.""He is getting Nat out of the deal," Clint argued amiably and, well, he had a point.Cap gave another pitiful whine and looked up at Bucky with soulful eyes.  "I think that's my cue," Bucky said.Clint tossed him Cap's leash and body collar.  "Breakfast'll be ready when you get back.  We'll let Morita take care of Winter.""Good plan."  Bucky poured his coffee into a takeout mug and snapped both collar and leash on Cap.  Instantly, she started tugging him towards the door.  Bucky bussed a quick kiss to Clint's cheek as he walked past.  "You would make a great wife, by the way, sweetcheeks."Clint preened and gave a flirtatious wink.  "Maybe I'm just holding out for someone to treat me like the princess I am.""Awww, you know I'd treat you right.""Damn right you would!" Clint called after him.The morning was crisp, cool, carried the first faint tinges that fall might be on the way at some point soon.  Bucky looked around while Cap did her business, admiring the way the mountains rose around him like a protective shield.  The first faint rays of sunlight were peeking from behind the treetops, casting the valley below in prisms of gold.  He would always be a New Yorker at heart, but there were some definite advantages to living in L.A., and a view like this was a big one."Morning, Bucky, how's it going?"Bucky raised his mug in greeting as Thor and his two enthusiastic mutts came trotting towards him.  Much like his dogs, Thor was a big, friendly sort, with the body of a fullback, but all of the good-natured energy of a barrel of kittens, and a grin that rivaled all of the stars in the sky for brilliance.  He was also a certified genius scientist with degrees that Bucky couldn't even pronounce, let alone understood. "Hey, man, 'sup?" he called back, squinting as the light hit his eyes.  He should've grabbed his shades or his ball
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Tattoo Parlor
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
The Great Bisexual Crisis of 2016
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Fluff and Humor
Matchmaker Bucky Barnes
POV Bucky Barnes
Sam & Natasha Relationship
Clint & Wanda Relationship
Recreational Drug Use
Marijuana
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
dad!bucky
Pet Owner!Bucky
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Sharon & Morita Relationship
Past Bucky/Peggy Relationship
Banter
gratuitous movie quotes
Tattoos
Scars
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
(eventually) - Freeform
Coming Out
bisexual awakening

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

