Work Text:
The science behind imprinting is not well understood, but it is currently an active field of research. Historically, societies have correlated the imprinting phenomenon with finding one’s soulmate, but in this text we stress that imprinting and “soul bonding” are not synonymous. A “soul” is merely the chemical processes of the brain and there is no scientific basis for believing the soul is anything mystical or non-corporeal. Likewise, imprinting is merely a chemical process initiated by the brain, particularly the hippocampus, amygdala, and hypothalamus. The PNS (Peripheral Nervous System, [see section 3.4, box 3.4.12]) also plays a role in acute pain synchronization (APS), which will be discussed further on in the chapter. [click to continue reading]“It’s an illness,” Tony tells him and Steve doesn’t say anything, just closes the tab and opens a new one, and Tony leans over, sees him tap out ‘human imprinting’.“I’m not the type to throw around insults,” Tony says (although he is, he very proudly is), “but you’re an idiot if you think otherwise. C’mon. You’re supposed to be a tactical genius, aren’t you? You have to realize me going down every time you take a hit is going to majorly screw up the team. Are you listening?”Research on repressing or breaking an imprint is highly controversial; religious sects, (not limited to Christianity, but pertaining to most of the world’s major religions) maintain that attempting to break an imprint (or “soul bond”) is going against God’s divine plan.“You’re not listening. Well, you should be because this affects us both. Hell, it affects the whole team. Isn’t that what you’re all about? Doing what’s best for the team?”Government funding for this sort of research is thus limited due to pressure from the religious community. Coupled with the fact that imprinting is a relatively rare phenomenon, with an estimated 6.8% of the world population having the ability to imprint (Chen et al., 2003), most feel that any government grants afforded to furthering anti-imprint drug development is “a waste of taxpayer money”.Although many companies advertise sure-fire ways to relieve imprint symptoms, dull the affects of APS, or break the imprint link altogether, all current anti-imprint drugs or “natural remedies” have proven ineffective.Steve looks down on the tablet resting on his knees, and when he speaks, he speaks to his hands. “There isn’t a way to break it,” he says. Tony watches him for a long, quiet moment and the silence hangs between them, heavy and dead.Tony follows Steve's gaze to the tablet screen. “No. There isn’t.”  It was all Steve’s fault.Well, no, it really wasn’t, but Tony adamantly maintains that it was. (Although it would’ve happened anyway; all it takes is a touch. But it was Steve who had initiated the first skin-to-skin contact, Steve who just had to try and make amends, who had to reach for Tony’s hand to seal the deal on their tentative truce.)“I was wrong,” Steve had said, and it'd clearly taken a lot of effort to admit that. Tony could admire that, at least—it takes guts to suck up that much pride (he would know). “And I’m sorry—I was out of line; you’re definitely not the man I pegged you for,” he continued, and he just looked so damn earnest; Tony had to put him out of his misery.“Apology accepted,” he’d said, waving a hand. “I probably said some stuff I shouldn’t have, too—you’re not as bad as all that.” And Steve had offered a hand, so Tony had grinned and taken it.And that should’ve been it. The end of a chapter; Tony would’ve shook his hand, said goodbye, and driven off with Bruce to go blow shit up in his lab and then maybe have some epic just-saved-the-planet celebratory sex with Pepper.That’s how it was supposed to go.But when Steve shook his hand, it hurt. He felt his insides grow cold, felt his heart beat pick up, felt blood pound in his ears. His hand was hot all over, tingling where Steve held it and there was a spark there—a current of electricity that started in his palm spiked in his brain, making his breathing erratic and vision white.When Steve had shaken his hand, Tony had thought he was going to die.What did you do to me—“What the fuck was that,” he'd said, ripping his hand away, blinking away the bright spots in front of his eyes. He took a step back, bracing himself on the car. Something in his chest was clenching—painfully—and every inch of his skin seemed to be on pins and needles.He could feel Bruce’s eyes flitting from him to Steve and—and Steve was just standing there, hand still outstretched, but his fingers were curling and something in his face was softening. Steve was looking at him, eyes guileless, lips parted, and Tony would swear he could feel the heat emanating from Steve’s face, even from that distance. “Oh,” Steve said, the word dropping from his lips in a quiet exhale.And wasn’t that just the mother of all underreactions. “Oh?” Tony asked, hand clenching against the car door. He had to consciously will himself n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Imprinting
Epistolary
Pseudoscience
Frottage
Alternate Universe - Imprinting
Fluff and Angst
Alternate Universe - Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

