Work Text:
On the eve of the summer solstice, a dragon sought asylum in their forest.He stood at the wood’s boundary, a silent and stoic figure, as creatures gathered at the treeline. There had never been a dragon in their forest before, not even in passing, and to see one was such a marvel that they couldn’t possibly stay away.Lost in the gathered crowd, a pair of luminous blue eyes peeked out curiously from behind a large sycamore tree. They peered out of a thin, angular face and that, in turn, was attached to a thin, angular body. Droplets of water fell from a damp hairline to his face and neck, sliding over the swirling blue patterns painted across his skin that marked this small creature as a water nymph.“Steve,” murmured a voice. “What do you see?”Steve turned to look at his sister-nymph, Angie.“I thought dragons were shaped differently,” he whispered. “He looks like a human.”Angie frowned. Even kneeling, she was much taller and so it was easy for her to look over the crown of his head for her own view. Her long, dark hair was just as wet as Steve’s and as she pressed closer, it stuck to the jut of his shoulder.“Maybe the stories were mistaken?” she suggested. “He looks like a warrior.”She wasn’t wrong. The clothing worn by the would-be dragon had all the characteristics of war attire. There was the protective vest covering his chest and long sleeves that led to gloved hands. The path beneath his feet held deep imprints from his boots, and his eyes were smeared with war paint, the same dull black as his clothes.“Do human fighters call themselves dragons?”Steve wrinkled his nose. That seemed like a terribly odd thing for humans to do but he had never met a proper human and so he didn’t know if they were prone to such oddities.From behind them, a voice hissed, “Move over.”Before either of them could acquiesce, their cousin Darcy shoved herself right between them and pressed up against Steve’s back to steal her own glimpse. Angie sighed softly, a sound that probably meant her own view had been blocked.Darcy was the buxom product of a sprite’s union with a wood nymph, a firecracker of a creature whose first language was sass and who’d never learned to do anything quietly. She had a penchant for adventure and mischief, and for that reason alone, Steve enjoyed her company immensely.“What’s going on?” she said, outraged. “The trees said there was a dragon -- that’s not a dragon!”Her words were loud enough to carry across the distance, and all three of them shrank behind the tree when the dragon-warrior turned to look directly at them. His expression was almost amused.“Peace, dragon,” a clear female voice called from the other end of the path.The guardians of the forest had gathered, a united front against this stranger in their land.It was their Lady Jane who spoke, Queen of the fae-people; the faeries and sprites and pixies who populated the treetops in their city of lights. Her hand rested in the crook of the woodsman’s elbow, expression placid as she waited for a response.Dutifully, the dragon held out open, empty palms and called back, “Peace.”The guardians approached him cautiously.The Queen and her escort led the procession, with a satyr on one side and an unassuming, bespectacled man on the other.As the satyr passed by the tree they hid behind, his hooves clip-clopping quietly in the dirt, Steve and Angie moved farther still into the shadows. This was Sam, and he was their guardian -- guardian of the water. If he saw them, he’d surely be cross.Once they were close enough, the guardians and the dragon began to converse. With the five of them standing so close together, though, it was impossible to eavesdrop. The only thing Steve could hear was the murmured rise and fall of their voices. This vexed him fiercely.“Can you hear them?” he asked Darcy quietly. “Ask the trees what they’re saying.”Huffing, she shimmied closer, and as she did, her dress rubbed against the bare skin of his thigh.Unlike their cousins, wood nymphs wore coverings, but they weren’t made of the same heavy material that other creatures or humans favored. This material was light and airy, and to Steve it felt like the soft underside of a maple leaf. To have it brush against his skin now made him shiver, goosebumps prickling his arms.“The trees say you’re too damned loud,” she hissed after a moment. “Hush so they can hear.”Steve immediately recognized this as a lie. The trees would never use such language.Before he had the chance to press the issue, the dragon and the guardians parted. Whatever had transpired between them, a decision seemed to have already been made. Bending at the waist, the dragon made a large sweeping gesture with his arms, bowing in gratitude.Lady Jane stepped away from the dragon, her thin gossamer wings shimmering in the fading afternoon light as she turned to address the gathered crowd.“The dragon has sought temporary sanctuary,” she said, her voice carrying through the still silence. “A request which we have chos
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Fluff
Light Angst
Courting Rituals
Possessive Behavior
Misunderstandings
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Mild Action
Magic Blowjobs
Shapeshifting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

