Work Text:


War On Hunger logo by Tumblr user monobuu.
TOBRU and War On Hunger are usually located next to each other. Not always, because War On Hunger is on wheels, but usually. TOBRU is one of the only restaurants in Manhattan that hasn't run the War On Hunger food truck out of its territory, and Steve in his gratitude usually leaves them some chickpea chocolate cake or a plate of locally-made pasta to eat after closing time. Steve's presence in the kitchen, sneaking in to stash food in the fridge, has become a regular occurrence.The first time Steve fed Tony, Tony looked at him and said "Why are you such a fucking hipster?""Beg pardon?" Steve asked. He isn't a hipster. Yes, he owns a food truck and wears suspenders, but that's because he likes food trucks and suspenders."Why are you running a food truck? Come work for me. We'll find something for you to do. How did you learn to cook like this?""Oh," Steve said sheepishly. "Well. I'm classically trained.""How classically?""Michelin-star classically," Steve said."Fuck, you're that Steve Rogers, the freak who quit his star chef job to make bran for the poor.""I don't make bran," Steve said, somewhat offended. "I make healthy meals for an affordable price.""Whatever. Come work for me.""No, thank you, Mr. Stark," Steve said politely."Then come park in our parking lot. I can guarantee you a crowd of people who don't eat enough at our restaurant.""You could serve bigger portions.""You offend my mission statement. Call me Tony."Steve smiled. "Whatever you say, Tony."There was a crash from inside and the sound of someone yelling in French at the top of his lungs."That's just Bruce," Tony said dismissively. "He's probably having trouble with the hydrogen canisters again.""Should I keep my distance?""No! He's really nice, you'll like him. Except when he's cooking. You wouldn't like him when he's cooking.""Duly noted.""Come again tomorrow, send me your menu, we'll work out something that coordinates. I'll tell people to bring you their stub from TOBRU and you can add ten percent to the price of everything they buy."Steve watched Tony go with a mixture of amusement and confusion."And if I find you cheating with those Shield bastards, I'll beat the Michelin Star out of you!" Tony added over his shoulder as he disappeared into the kitchen.Steve isn't worried. Shield is nice, but a little creepy. He's heard of places where you eat in the dark, but apparently their head chef, Nick Fury, makes everyone cook in the dark too. That can't be healthy.Which is not to say that Shield is all bad. Yes, Clint and Natasha (saute chef and butcher respectively) are weirdos, but they're nice weirdos, and they always stop by War On Hunger on their way to work to get a sandwich or a granola bar. And they overpay, so Steve has that much more leeway in handing out snacks to the people who can't pay at all."Have you met Thor yet?" Clint asks him, about a week before everything hits the fan."No, but I had one of those crunchy crab things," Steve answers. The crunchy crab things at Mjolnir are famous. They have no name, as far as Steve can tell; they're just crunchy and crabby and you get them if you order one of three specific drinks or two specific meals on the menu. Steve didn't know this when he ordered a Swedish-sounding beer there after a really long day in the truck.Mjolnir is the new brewpub down the block, about whom Tony has ceaselessly whined because Thor is apparently large and friendly and very difficult to hate (Tony will still try, Steve has learned, if only to be perverse; he's jealous he hasn't been able to replicate the crunchy crab things). He's heard that Thor is like the nordic Mario Batali. Mario Batali has apparently not been polled about this, but Thor is not reported to mind."Coulson ran over to ask him to stop by Shield sometime and have a bite," Clint continues, chewing on the rhubarb-pie-on-a-stick Steve has invented. It's very popular with bike messengers. "He's like two of Coulson in every direction and he's kind of a hugger."Steve considers this. Coulson is a small, tidy pastry chef who likes precision and seems overly impressed by how neatly arranged Steve's truck is. Nobody knows much about him except for how once he beat a would-be mugger unconscious with a pie tin. No professional chef has much of a life outside of their work, especially the ones still establishing themselves, but Phil Coulson's off-hours hobby appears to be badassery."Did anyone die?" Steve asks carefully."No, but it was an interesting moment in my life," Clint continues thoughtfully. "Anyway, you should go introduce yourself, he's interested in that tall fellow in the truck who gives free food to vagrants and students.""I'll stop by once I close down the truck for the night.""I'll let Tasha know you have the pie onna stick today," Clint says with a wink, and wanders off towards Shield, where people are already lining up for a shot at a table. In the dark.Steve shakes his head. He loves co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Food
Foodies
Chefs
You heard me

fandom: 
None
