Work Text:
There’s a sound.  	It’s small, high-pitched, and so blatantly sad it stops the soldier in his tracks when he hears it.  The muscles in his legs lock and his jaw clenches so hard it creaks when he turns to look into the darkness of the alley.  No one else seems to hear it; even Rogers continues to amble politely through the crowd, empty canvas bags swinging from his giant shoulders, oblivious that his tail has let him go.  The soldier’s not worried; a man like that’s easy to find once you know what to look for.  And he’s certain that he does.The sound comes again, plaintive and beseeching, and the soldier has no choice but to follow it.  The skin at the back of his neck tingles, exposed, and he has to force his shoulders out of their protective hunch around his ears.  There was clearly no one else in the alley – just the strange shadows bouncing off the walls from the neon signs and a dumpster parked next to a service entrance – but he felt sure something was there.  Something was going to reach out and – 
“Holy shit!”

– something was touching his leg, shit shit, something was on him, some Nazi fucking thing was crawling up his back and – 

Laughing?  Somewhere under the quivering branch Morita was laughing behind his fist, damn near choking by the sound of it, trying to keep it quiet so the troops loitering below them didn’t hear and come a calling.  

And he can’t move, can’t even turn his head to see what the fuck’s got him because if he does the snow blind they’d spent ten minutes building is going to collapse.  He whispers, as loud as he can: “Morita!  Morita, help me, I swear to fuck!”

The soft weight continues up his back – tap tap tap please God not a spider do they come this big Jesus – and settles right between his shoulder blades.  His hair moves – daintily, too faint for just the wind – and the goddamn spider-thing was sniffing him oh god he was gonna get eaten in a tree Steve was never going to let him live this down.

“Morita!”

Morita – helpful sort that he was – leans until he’s in Bucky’s line of sight, eyes watering, just barely holding it together enough to whisper back.  “Looks like you made a new friend, Sarge.”    

There’s the faintest of vibrations through the heavy layers of his coat and a puff of warm air on the back of his neck and…purring?  The spider-thing was purring in his ear.  There was a – a goddamn cat had crawled up a tree in the middle of a goddamn mountain and decided the random sniper it found there would make a good napping spot.  

It paws at his shoulders, repetitively, purring like the jeep after Dum Dum’s had a go at it.

Bucky wiggles as much as he can, the leaves from the branches above smacking him wetly in the face.  He tries blowing through the side of his mouth at the thing but it only snuggles closer.  It meows at him, loudly.

Further down the hill one of the Hydra fucks turns and looks directly into the tree line.  

Bucky freezes.  The cat licks his ear.  

He can actually feel his blood pressure rising.  Below him Morita’s either hyperventilating or dying, but at least he’s doing it fucking silently.

Hydra Fuck #1 turns away again, shaking his head at Hydra Fuck #2.  Bucky kicks the tree trunk as much as he dares; a little cascade of snow falls below, hopefully right into Morita’s stupid laughing face.

“You are the worst lookout ever.  Get this fucking Nazi cat off of me!”

“Aw come on, don’t be like that, Sarge.  He’s not hurting anybody.  Just wants a little attention, that’s all.  Besides, when was the last time you got a little tongue?”

“I am heavily armed, private – “

“I would if I could, Sarge, but I can’t reach you all the way up there, not without climbing up myself.  And that branch can barely hold you let alone you, me, and your boyfriend.” 

“I hate you.  I hate you both.”

He tilts the scope a millimeter to the left of the Hydra Fucks, until their general’s steady in the crosshairs.  He was supposed to wait for Steve and the others to signal their positions but the wind was right, he’d done the math, and fuck this fucking cat tree bullshit.

It’s a beautiful shot, clear between the eyes, and the general’s hat doesn’t even fall off as he topples backward into the snow.  The kickback comes with the bonus of knocking the cat off his shoulders; its claws scrabble at his coat but can’t get a grip in the dense material.  It falls out of the tree and straight onto Morita –

“Shit!”

– who jerks out of the way and loses the radio over the side of the hill.  Bucky aims again (so long Fuck #1) and again and again and –
 – again.  He flinches and loses his balance – not out of a tree but onto his knees at the end of an alley, the smell of rotting garbage overpowering both the clean scent of that faraway forest and the abrasive grunt of gunpowder.  The soldier half expects his panting breathes to leave mist in the air.It seems that while his brain was shuffling through the dregs of memory and reminiscing about how oddly textured cats’ ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/ Steve Rogers (past)

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Mentions of past abuse
weaponized music
Bucky Barnes gets a cat
The Internet is Amazing
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
The A on Steve's Helmet Stands for Asshole
Semi-accidental voyeurism
embedded art
Anxiety
Bucky Barnes has a Potty Mouth
minor onscreen animal harm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/ Steve Rogers (past)

