Chapter 1: Prologue #1
    


Summary:

Tony drops a bomb on TV.
Steve Rogers is not going to give in that easily.



Notes:
This used to be chapter 9 or the Epilogue from the prequel "All in a song", but after long deliberation I felt that the prequel's ending where Tony rejects Steve through the phone would be much stronger without this sequel-hook. Furthermore, I felt that this chapter, thematically, fits in much better with this sequel, which for the greater part concerns the 'bomb' Tony is dropping.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The next two days after Tony's phone call passed by Steve Rogers in a daze.
Tony had rejected him... His soul mate had rejected him...
The thoughts and the memory of that phone call kept on repeating in his head in an endless loop.
He could not believe that his own soul mate had rejected him.
The heartsong was not doing anything to alleviate his troubles either. Instead of the chipper tune it had sung when he had first awoken from the ice, or the melancholic notes after the debacle in New York, it was now a litany of accusations and outright rejection.
A litany of incessant rejections that was continuously heard over and over again without pausing.
It was utter torture.
His team mates and fellow fugitives worried for him, but he hardly noticed.
On the third day, Steve began to think more constructively.
What was he going to do now?
What could he do?
Well, at least he could agree with himself that something had to be done about this. It wasn't right, after all. This whole thing wasn't natural; a soul mate was not supposed to reject their other half. Such a thing was simply unheard of!
Even when soul mates had previously wronged each other in some form or manner (which, although extremely rare, had been recorded in history before), those slights were always brushed aside because the love for the other half was too strong for such pettiness to come in-between. Love and forgiveness always prevailed.
Steve sighed deeply.
In the time that he had known Tony, the man had always been unpredictable. Though Tony and Steve had become friends after the alien invasion in New York, the man had never earned Steve's trust, because Steve had always thought of Tony as unreliable and sometimes even downright unstable. Well, his distrust had now proven to be well-founded. Here was the indisputable proof of Tony's unstableness: a rejection of their soul bond.
Steve gritted his teeth.
Something had to happen.
He was NOT going to allow Tony Stark destroy their soul bond.
Not after he had finally been given this chance after seventy years in the ice!
When Steve looked up from his pensive thoughts, the TV which had been running an episode of an old soap opera was suddenly interrupted by an urgent news report. There was a flicker of 'Breaking News' boldly splashed across the TV screen as Tony Stark, who looked tired but determined, made his way up to a podium.
Steve sat up straighter.
What was Tony doing?
Steve did not have to wait long to find out.
After a short opening comment, Tony dove right into the heart of the matter he wanted to make public:
"I'm here today to announce the official disbandment of the superhero team known as the Avengers."
What the hell was this!?
Steve's breath caught in his throat as he listened to Tony's announcement.
Was Tony really so spiteful has to destroy the Avengers after Steve had entrusted them to him to take care of?
Unaware of the thoughts running through the Captain's mind, Tony kept talking:
"Steven Grant Rogers, Samuel Thomas Wilson, Wanda Maximoff, Clinton Francis Barton, and Natalia Alianovna Romanoff are fugitives of the law who, due to their recent actions, can no longer rightly call themselves superheroes. As the current leader of the Avengers, I therefore oust them from the team. Of the remaining members... well, the Black Panther has never formally become an Avenger, Thor and the Hulk are MIA, Colonel Rhodes is still recovering from his injuries, and Vision wishes to retire. This leaves me as the sole active member, which... you can't call that much of a team, right?"
There was uncomfortable laughter from the audience at this remark, but Tony continued without pause:
"As Iron Man I will continue my work to protect the people on this planet with all the resources available to me, and Colonel Rhodes, known in public as War Machine, has agreed to join me as soon as his condition allows it. So, without further ado, I'd hereby like to introduce our superhero duo, which will henceforth be known under the banner as 'The Big Guns'."
The was a welcoming applause upon the announcement of the new superhero duo, but Tony had not yet finished his speech.
"I'm aware," he said, "that the break up of the Avengers invalidates the Sokovia Accords, and that this may worry the various countries which have signed these Accords. This is why I call for renewed negotiations between superheroes and the United Nations. We nee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Charles Xavier
Tony Stark & Vision
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Wanda Maximoff & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Loki
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
this is a sequel
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Screw Destiny
Screw soul bonds
The Norns dictate destiny
humans have heartsongs
Asgardians have soulmarks
Frost Giants suffer The Haunting
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Rejection
Moving On
Tony Stark has PTSD
Canon Divergence - Post X-Men: First Class (2011)
Rejecting Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmate-Identifying Songs
Soulmate-identifying dreams
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Vision cooks
Tony Stark rejects his soulmate Steve Rogers
Sokovia Accords
The Registration Acts
Corruption
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 4 Compliant
Politics
The UN is NOT a world government
Civil War Team Iron Man
Vision Is A Good Bro
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Scheming T'Challa
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
Team Captain America Redemption
United Nations
United States under fascism
Consequences
International Criminal Court
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Tony Stark Can't Cook
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Manipulative Thaddeus Ross

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Charles Xavier
Tony Stark & Vision
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Wanda Maximoff & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Loki
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson

