Work Text:

It was nearing midnight when Tony remembered that Peter didn't actually live in the Tower with them.

"Hey, kid, quittin' time," he called to the teen hunched over a mess of wires and spare parts. Peter glanced up, then looked back down at his work before turning puppy-dog eyes on Tony. 

"C'mon, Tony! It's not that late! And I'm almost finished with this!" he whined. 

"Almost finished, my ass," Tony shot back, standing and wandering over to Peter's work table. "Besides, you've got school tomorrow. That's something you youngsters do, isn't it?"

"No?" Peter stood anyway, gathering his jacket from the bench next to him. Tony handed him his school bag and slung an arm over his shoulders as they walked to the elevator. The doors had just slid open when JARVIS's crisp voice came over the speakers:

 “

Sir, it appears Mr. Odinson has arrived early. He is now greeting the others in the common room.”


Tony's face lit up. "Say, Petey-Pie, you've never met a god before, have you?"

"I, uh, can't say that I have," he responded. Peter had a pretty good idea where Tony was going with this, and he wasn't sure it was a direction he wanted to take. 

"That's about to change! Hey, J, tell the guys I'm bringing Peter up with me to say hi. Tell Barton he's not allowed to be too much of a pain. Don't need Birdbrain scaring off my interns." 

 “

Agent Barton has been informed of your request and his response is not one I am prepared to repeat in front of a minor.”


"Excellent! Take us up to the common room."

Peter hurried to dissuade Tony. "Weren't you just saying I have school tomorrow? I don't think now's the best time for a meet-and-greet." The older man waved his hand vaguely.

"You're a big boy, we can push your curfew back a little bit." Tony paused a minute and took in Peter's nervous energy, his fingers twisting in the sleeves of his hoodie. "There's nothing to be worried about, kid. They're just people. Well, Thor's not. And Capsicle's from the 40s. Nat's probably 35% robot, but that's less than half, so I’d say we’re good." Peter leveled him an unimpressed glare.

"You're not helping."

Tony rolled his eyes. "The best way to get over your fear is to dive right into it. It also, coincidentally, is the best way to get over your crush on a certain super-soldier," he said, waggling his eyebrows. Peter felt his ears turn pink.

"I do not—!” The elevator doors opened. There, twenty feet in front of him, was Tony Stark's living room. Maybe a couple of months ago this sight would have been enough to get Peter to clam up, but recently he'd spent a fair amount of time arguing about movies on one of Tony's painfully expensive couches. This time however, said couches were occupied by the freakin' Avengers. 

Captain America was lounging in an armchair across from Black Widow, both with a beer in hand. Hawkeye and Falcon were sharing a sofa, but not the remote the archer was trying to tear from the other's hand. Thor—who was way bigger than Peter had imagined—was chatting with Doctor Banner, the only other person in the room (besides Tony) that Peter had ever held a conversation with. All eyes turned in his direction. 

“I— um— hi," Peter stammered. Bruce waved, as did Thor, a wide grin on the latter's face. Falcon and Hawkeye stopped fighting, Falcon standing up from the couch. Captain America smiled at him—which okay wow, Captain America smiled at him, Peter felt his heart stutter—and Black Widow raised an eyebrow. 

"Thor!" Tony greeted, throwing his arms in the air as he walked into the room. The Asgardian drew him in an enthusiastic hug.

"It is good to see you, Tony," said Thor when he let go of the engineer. 

"You too, Sparky." Tony grinned again before suddenly remembering the teen he had dragged in. He practically bounced over to Peter and steered him into the living room by the shoulders. "Everyone, this is Peter. Peter, this is everyone." Peter managed a wave before Tony plowed on. "I think most of you've seen him in the labs or around R&D or swiping food from my fridge like a freeloader." Tony squeezed his shoulder to let him know he was joking. "And I'm assuming you've got a clue who these assholes are, Pete."

Peter stood in shock for a moment before Bruce came to his rescue. "Hi, Peter," he greeted, "I'm guessing Tony dragged you up here?"

"He is my intern," interrupted Tony, "I get to drag him wherever I want."

"I'm pretty sure that's not how internships work," Peter managed. 

"That is most definitely how internships work! And here I thought you were learning." Tony shook his head. He perked up instantly. "Anyway, I brought the kid up to meet you all before I drop him home." He turned to Peter. "Baby's got a bedtime."

"That's right, wouldn't want to deny you your beauty sleep. Look's like you might need it," Peter quipped. A loud snort came from the couch and before he knew it Hawkeye was slapping him on the back.

"Keep this one, Stark," the hero said. Peter blushed and ducked his head. 

"T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
First Meetings
Peter Has A Huge Crush On Steve

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

