Chapter 1: Meeting the Family
    




Chapter Text
Clint will always say that his first meeting with the Coulsons is Phil’s fault.Clint has just returned from a week-long, barely successful op.  He’s tired and battered and just wants to crawl into his room to sleep for a few days.  Considering that he was recruited into SHIELD for his sniper skills, Clint has spent surprisingly little of the past year and a half up high with a gun.  The reason for this is less surprising - Coulson.  There’s a note taped to Clint’s door, as if the man himself had anticipated where his asset’s thoughts would be upon returning to HQ.  Clint knows without opening the folded piece of paper that it’s a summons to Coulson’s office.  He sighs and turns away from his door.  Leave it to Coulson to be working on Christmas Eve.Clint makes his way slowly to his handler's office, resigning himself to a trip down to Medical afterward. He'll be reluctant to admit it, but like everything Coulson has insisted on since Clint joined SHIELD, it will be for his own good. It was Coulson who insisted Fury give Clint a contract instead of a jail cell, who pushed for the sniper to undergo full agent training, including flight school, and Coulson who continues to push his capabilities with more complex missions.  Clint had been able to fool Sanders on their way back to HQ - the lead agent on the op distracted by being unexpectedly  alive and his eagerness to spend the holiday with his family - but there is no way Coulson won’t notice Clint’s severely bruised, hopefully unbroken, ribs.  Clint stares at Coulson’s closed door for a second before squaring his shoulders and swaggering in without knocking.  “You wanted to see me, sir?  Oh, sorry.”  Coulson waves him inside and makes a motion for Clint to close the door, so he complies and stands at casual attention in front of his handler’s desk.  With Coulson’s attention on the phone call and a little luck, Clint may just manage to get out of a trip to Medical if he limits his movements under Coulson’s watchful gaze.  “What?  Yes, that’s one of my agents,” Coulson says into his personal cell phone.  “Yes, it’s Barton.  Yes, I know it’s Christmas Eve.  No, Ma, I don’t think he has other...I can ask.  I wouldn’t do that.  Well you can ask him yourself if you don’t trust me to.”Clint has been fighting a grin throughout Coulson’s side of the conversation and outright gapes when the senior agent pulls the phone away from his ear and holds it out to Clint.  Coulson just smiles at Clint’s expression and waits until he takes the phone.  "Hello?" Clint says tentatively into the phone. "Hello, dear! Clint, isn't it?" Coulson's mother responds warmly. "Yes, ma'am," Clint replies automatically and turns incredulous eyes toward Coulson - why would Mrs. Coulson know his name?Coulson only shrugs as his mother continues to talk.  “Phillip says you may not have plans for the holiday.  Is that right?”“Uh...no, ma’am, I don’t have plans.”  Clint winces once he realizes what he’s said - he’s a trained assassin, damn it.  He looks up at a noise and glares at Coulson, who looks like he is barely holding back his laughter.“That’s perfect then.  Tell Phillip not to drive too fast and we’ll see you both in a few hours.”  The line cuts out before Clint can say anything else.  He looks down at the phone in his hand in utter confusion.  “I have no idea what just happened.”“It’s called my mother,” Coulson explains.  “We’ve found it easier to just go along with it.  I only plan on being there overnight, but pack a bag for a few days in case the snow is heavier than predicted.  Meet me down at the garage in fifteen.”Clint is wise enough to know when he’s beat and is waiting at Phil’s car with a small duffel at his feet after the appointed amount of time.  “Wise man,” Coulson compliments as he throws both of their bags into the trunk of the car.  Clint uses the open trunk as a shield to keep Coulson from seeing his grimace of pain as he gingerly lowers himself into the car.  It’s not until they’re on the road and well out of the city that Clint asks where they’re going.“My parents live in Hartford,” Coulson replies.  “At least another hour and a half drive.”“You told your mom I was one of your agents.  What exactly do they think you do?” Clint asks.  He doesn’t want to blow whatever Coulson’s cover story happens to be.  “They think I work for the FBI.”Clint nods.  “Easier to maintain a lie that’s close to the truth,” he recites from training.  This is the first time he’s ever needed a cover story.  His string of one-night hookups rarely care enough to ask.“That and I actually did work for the FBI before joining SHIELD,” Coulson says.  “I just never mentioned switching divisions.”A few minutes of comfortable silence passes before Clint finally asks, “Why does your mother know my name?”“Because sticking close to the truth is always a good policy,” Coulson responds, “and you’re the reason I missed Christmas last year.”“Oh,” Clint says dumb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Family Feels
Getting Together
Backstory
Fix-It
Presumed Dead
Hurt/Comfort
Momma Coulson - Freeform

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

