Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Peter comes to, his cheek is pressed against cold metal. His legs are sprawled in someone’s lap. Damp, gloved hands rub at his ankles. A headache screams behind his sore eyes. He’s sore all over.“What did I do to deserve this?”When he tries to recall the past few hours, tries to conjure up the events that led to this full body aching, Peter draws a blank. There’s nothing but fuzziness where his memories should be.“Hey, I think he’s waking up.” A red mask swims into view, far, far too close to Peter’s face. “Good morning, sunshine! The Earth says hello!”Peter shrieks a little and scrambles backward, pulling his legs out of the person’s lap and falling off the metal cot in the process.“Snookums, cupcake—is that any way to treat your one-night stand? You said you’d respect me in the morning.”Peter heave himself up, hands braced against the wall, his shaky legs wobbling under his own weight. He almost falls right back down, because he’s beginning to really wake up now, sluggish thoughts giving way to a horrified kind of understanding because—Because Deadpool is sat on the single, metal bed. Wade Wilson, legs crossed delicately, hands intertwined over one knee, suit damp and cut up in areas, all his attention focussed on Peter.And, and— “One night stand?”Wade gasps. “You don’t remember our night of passionate, sweaty monkey sex? The confessions of love whispered tenderly into each others skin? Oh, Spidey—”Peter rolls his eyes; he knows better than to take Wade’s teasing seriously.“I don’t remember any of last night,” Peter says.“Actualllllly…” Wade’s legs fall out of their poised position. “I can’t blame you, Spidey—I don’t remember any of last night either. I know my memories normally all wonky anyway, but damn. Nothing. Nada. Just a big black void.”Peter’s headache is only growing worse. He has no idea where he is, no recollection of the past 24 hours, and is stuck inside a small, cramped space with Deadpool.And, apparently, a slumped, unconscious lump of a man. What the heckaroonie.“He’s fine,” Wade reassures. “I already checked. Just passed out like the powerless, wilting flower that he is.”Peter rubs at his pounding temple. “How’d—how’d we all get here? Where even is here?”“I wake up in jail more than you’d except,” Wade says, and Peter’s mind kind of stutters, because jail? “Which, considering the shitty reputation I already have, is a metric fuck tonne.”“Jail,” Peter echoes weakly. The unconscious lump on the ground groans again, shimming against the hard floor.Wade pats him on the arm. The gesture is supposed to be comforting, but the mercenary mostly just succeeds in smearing dark blood on him.“Jail,” Wade agrees. “But, hey, it’s not so bad! You get to spend more time with us.”On the floor, the lump of spandex groans, pained and low, like a dying animal.“Same,” Peter tells the guy.A slot on the door opens. A greying man peers in. “Those donuts you ordered,” he says, holding up a box of Dunkin Donuts for them to see. Wade throws his arms in the air. “Finally. What am I paying you for?”“You’re not paying us. You’re in jail, sir.”“Donuts?” Peter’s stomach is growling furiously. His life is already weird, so why not? Donuts in a jail cell with Deadpool and an unconscious/dying lump of spandex. Sure. Why not. “Oh my god, gimme.” The officer beams at him. “Spidey, good to finally meet you.”“You met him before,” Wade accuses.“Yeah, but he’s conscious this time. It’s more exciting.”Wade reaches through the slot and takes the box of donuts, managing to only squish them a little through the small gap. The mercenary flips it open and grabs the pinkest one. Peter quickly snags three chocolate ones.“It’s good to meet you too, I guess,” Peter says, because being sarcastic here—dressed in a ripped, slightly damp suit, locked in a jail cell—is probably a bad idea. The older officer grins a little goofily, with happy, fannish awe, and closes the slot. Peter sucks at chocolate icing and tries not to feel claustrophobic.“Yo, double-D.” Wade kicks the lump by their feet. “Wake the fuck up, we have food.”The lump groans and rolls onto its back. Daredevil’s cowled face squints up at them.“Am I dead?” Matt asks blearily.“You’re not that lucky,” Wade says. He shoves the box into Peter’s grateful hands, and hauls the vigilante up by his armpits. Matt slumps against the wall, eyes slipping closed. “Hey, don’t pass out again, Magoo. We only just got you back.”“Ugggghhhh,” Matt says.“Oh, shut the fuck up.” 
 “So,” Matt says, a box of donuts and one crappy half-explanation later, “we all remember nothing about last night, have painful headaches and pretty typical hangover symptoms—““Had,” Wade corrects. “Healing factor, what what!”“Is this what a hangover is like?” Peter says. “If so, why do people do this to themselves.”“—and woke up IN JAIL,” Matt finishes loudly, ignoring the both of them. “Deadpool, do you know if we were unconscious when we were put in here? Or did we pass out sometime after we 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Team Red
Crack Treated Seriously
Memory Issues
Denny's
Humor
accidental brooklyn nine nine crossover
Non-Consensual Drug Use
morally dubious vigilante boys

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

