Work Text:
The thing about being drunk is that it doesn’t make Erik dizzy or unsteady on his feet. It breaks down his hard-learned self-control and makes him want to murder anyone who so much as looks at him wrong. So it’s not a surprise when he almost guts the three humans at the bar who jeer at him once they spot his mutant ID. The only thing that stops him from breaking their faces is Janos and Azazel dragging him away and shoving him toward the exit, ordering him to take a breather. He doesn’t want to go, but he does, shoving through the crowd and focusing on nothing but putting one foot in front of the other until he’s free of the crush of people.He bursts out through the back door into the alley and then stops there in the darkness for a long moment, fighting to quell the thrumming rage in his chest. The night air is cold and stings his lungs as he breathes in, dimming some of the pent-up energy that courses through his entire body. After a couple of minutes, he yanks a pack of cigarettes out of the pocket of his leather jacket and shakes one out. Swallowing twice to try to rid his throat of the taste of bad beer, he jams the cigarette between his lips and then searches for his lighter. It takes him a moment to locate its metal signature in the inner pocket of his jacket, and he summons it out with a flick of his fingers and lights up. The first inhalation of smoke steadies him a little. The second dims the anger, calms his thoughts.The door behind him opens with a loud creak, and he jerks his head over to look. He’s pissed out of his mind, his head hurts, and his control is a little shot with all the alcohol in his system. If one of those fuckers from the bar has followed him out, he’ll probably kill him, and good fucking riddance, too. He can’t deny that he’s spoiling for a fight now, keen on letting the hot rage inside him loose. But the man who steps out into the alley is not one of the three mutantphobes who were harassing him at the bar; it’s a short, lean young man with a soft, friendly face and dark blue eyes that are wide with concern.Concern. Erik really, really hopes it isn’t for him.“Hey,” the man says, and Erik’s surprised to hear the British accent there, posh and strange in the middle of New York. “You all right?”  Fucking hell. Erik closes his eyes and says through his teeth, “Not interested.”“What?”“I’m fine,” he bites out. “Piss off.”The man rocks back on his heels for a moment, clearly startled at his hostility. Good, Erik thinks spitefully. Maybe then he’ll take his misplaced sympathy or whatever the hell he wants and leave Erik alone. But instead of retreating, the man steps closer and offers, “I’m Charles.”“I don’t give a shit,” Erik snaps. “Go away.”“I saw what happened in there,” Charles persists. “I heard what they said to you. You sure you’re all right?”Erik breathes in deep and resists the urge to blow the smoke out into Charles’s face. Instead, he takes a few seconds to study him, his drink-blurry vision taking a long moment to focus. Dark brown hair, blue eyes, pale clean-shaven cheeks, wet red lips. He’s wearing slacks and a nice button-down with a cardigan, too. He looks like a fucking kid. What the hell is he doing at a bar on a Tuesday night?“Excuse me,” Charles says. “I’m not a kid.”“Yes, you are,” Erik says, sneering at Charles’s pout. Kid probably got carded at the bar. Probably couldn’t get anything better than a soda water.Charles huffs. “Soda water. I haven’t had one since I was eighteen. Maybe before.”They’re standing close enough for Erik to smell the alcohol on his breath. For a second, Erik thinks it’s his own breath he’s smelling, but no—Charles’s breath smells of tequila and all Erik’s touched all night is beer. How old is this kid?“Twenty-five,” Charles answers with a sniff. “And you’re only twenty-eight, don’t go acting all high and mighty on me now.”Erik realizes very suddenly that he hadn’t asked that out loud. “Fuck.”“Mm, yes,” Charles hums, leaning in closer. “Fuck, indeed. Has anyone ever told you that you have very pretty eyes?”Erik stumbles back away from him, sharp, wary anger roaring up in him. “You’re a telepath, aren’t you? You’re a fucking telepath.”“And you have a very groovy mutation,” Charles replies with a sloppy grin, pursuing him as he retreats down the alley. With each step he takes, Erik backpedals guardedly. He tries to remember how to shield against mind readers, but alcohol makes his thoughts fuzzy, makes it difficult to concentrate.After a few moments of the chase, Charles stops in place and frowns petulantly. “I just want to talk.”“Well, I don’t,” Erik spits, yanking the cigarette from his mouth with a grip so tight he nearly crushes it between his fingers.“Come now, I know you’re upset about those guys at the bar,” Charles says, shoving his hands into his pockets. “Let me tell you, they did not have very nice thoughts. But to be fair, you didn’t either.”“You always go around reading everyone’s minds without permission?” Erik snaps
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Drunkenness
Erik is not a Happy Bunny
Charles Being Concerned
Charles's concern backfires
Protective Erik
Erik overreacts
Erik being dramatic
strange drunk characterizations
Kink Meme
Charles is a little loose with his telepathy
Modern AU
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

