Chapter 1: Tired
    




Chapter Text
Imagine coming home after a long day, just exhausted. Frank is standing in the small kitchen of the apartment, making coffee, when you walk in. The intuitive one that he is, he can sense how tired you are.
You put your purse down and run a hand through your hair right before Frank walks over. He puts one hand on the small of your back, pulling you close and uses his thumb to brush your cheek, looking at you as you look at him with a small smile and tired eyes. You move even closer, wrapping your arms around his midsection and resting your forehead on his shoulder. His hand goes into your hair as he kisses your temple. You sigh in pleasure as his fingers gently massage your scalp. 
 
He can feel how relaxed you become in his arms.
“I can tell coffee ain’t gonna help.” He says, his voice more gravelly than usual due to not talking to anyone during the day.
He feels you just barely shake your head against his shoulder.
You feel him pull back a little, causing you to lift your head and drop your arms to look at him.
As soon as you do, he puts one arm behind your knees while his other stays on your back and lifts you up. He carries you over to the bed, laying you down softly.
Your one arms rests above your head on the pillows as your other hand rests on your stomach.
He places his warm hand on your cheek, leaning down to place a lingering kiss on the corner of your mouth. 
When he stands up, you feel yourself frown slightly thinking he wasn’t gonna lay with you.
He moves to your legs and gently lifts each one. His gentle hands glide down your calves as he removes each shoe.  After he takes off each shoe, he spends a few seconds massaging each foot. You blush as you hear a small moan come out of you. You see a small smirk playing at his lips when he hears it.
He then moves to your hips and pushes your shirt up slightly to expose the fly of your jeans.  You find yourself taking an intake of breath as his fingers brush your skin above the waistband of your jeans as he unbuttons and unzips them.
He leans down, nuzzling your now exposed skin above your underwear. You shiver as you feel his stubble graze you there followed by the lightest hint of a kiss.
He raises his head to glance at you as he grips both sides of your jeans and pulls them off of you slowly. His fingertips caressing down your skin as he pulls the jeans down, off your legs.
He notices the goosebumps that arrive from his touch.
You watch as he then walks to the other side of the bed, finally laying down next to you.
As he reaches out to pull you close, you’re already moving to snuggle closer to him. 
You lay your body halfway on top of him; your head on his chest, your hand resting next to your head, and your one leg resting between his, but bent so your knee is resting on his inner thigh.
His one hand goes to rest on your bare knee while his other hand combs gently through your hair.
You feel him caressing your knee ever so softly. The combination of his soothing movements causes you to close your eyes almost immediately.
When you feel yourself starting to drift into sleep, you manage to whisper, “Wake me up before you leave tonight.”
He kisses your forehead and gives your knee a little squeeze.
“Red can handle the city by himself for a night. I ain’t going anywhere.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Reader
Frank Castle & Reader
Frank Castle/You

freeform: 
Fluff
Angst
Eventual Smut
mentions of Maria Castle - Freeform
Tumblr Prompt
Romance

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Reader
Frank Castle & Reader
Frank Castle/You

