Chapter 1: Matt Murdock and Foggy Nelson
    




Chapter Text
The compartment door slid open, and one of the red-haired boys whose sister had helped them find the platform came in.“Anyone sitting there?” he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry’s, “Everywhere else is full.”“Not yet” Harry said, and watched the boy’s expression as he sat down.He glanced at Harry, and then away again, and then frowned. “Are you American?” he asked, blinking at him, and Harry bit back a sigh of relief that the older boy, Lee, who’d offered to help him with his trunk hadn’t been telling everyone he met that the Boy Who Lived was in this compartment.“New York,” Harry admitted, “But my bio parents were Brits, and they wanted me to come here, so…” he shrugged. “I’m Harry Murdock,” he added, “And you’re one of Ginny’s brothers, right?”“You’ve met Ginny?” the redheaded boy asked, looking startled for a moment. “Wait- That woman who found her after she wandered off, that was your mum?”“My aunt Karen,” Harry corrected. “Well, not my actual aunt, but she’s been my parents’ secretary since I was a kid, so it’s about the same thing.” The whole firm had come over to see Harry off, which had felt over-the-top and ridiculous and also kind of flattering in a guilty sort of way, even if it was really only the four of them. Karen would’ve laughed at that, and joined with Foggy in making fun of Matt and Harry and their ridiculous hereditary Catholic guilt. The thought made Harry’s stomach twist a little regretfully, and he looked out of the window.“Right, that makes sense,” Ron replied, grinning, “I was going to say, you don’t look much like her.”“No reason I should, I’m adopted,” Harry replied without thinking, and shifted a little, uneasily, waiting for the comments he’d been hearing it ever since he got here – oh, but they’re not your real parents or yes, but what would your real parents think. It made his fists clench of their own accord and his breath start coming fast and shallow and the blood in his veins sing for the chance to show them just how much Matt’s son he really was.“Oh, right,” the boy repeated. “Ron Weasley,” he added, “Thanks for looking out for Ginny.”Harry grinned. “No problem, she was a nice kid.” She’d offered to let him write to her, he remembered, when he had mentioned just how nervous he was at the thought of all the other students knowing things about the wizarding world that he had never thought of, and that the distances involved meant letters from home would be few and far between. “So, are all your family wizards?” he asked, brightening.“Er- Yes, I think so,” said Ron, “I think Mum’s got a second cousin who’s an accountant, but we never talk about him.”“Both my parents are lawyers,” Harry offered, “I used to get loads of jokes about it in school.” He must have been given a couple hundred Hail Marys over the years for getting into fights over that, and about what God must have thought of Harry and his family, but he didn’t regret even one of them.“What’s a lawyer?” Ron asked, “Is that like being on the Wizengamot?”Harry shrugged. “I don’t know. What’s the Wizengamot?”After that, conversation was easy. It turned out that the three older brothers Harry had spotted on the platform were barely the tip of the iceberg – there were two more that had already left Hogwarts, and a whole extended brood that rivalled the Nelsons for the extent and intricacy of their family tree. They’d both grown up poor, because even if the firm was doing better than it had been, Matt’s strict refusal to take guilty clients and many, many pro-bono cases didn’t exactly lend themselves to a comfortable life. Nor, for that matter, did jumping off rooftops while dressed in kinky red leather and their extraordinary monthly bill for bandages and concealer, but Harry didn’t want to mention that bit to a perfect stranger, no matter how nice Ron might seem.“-so, yeah, Hell’s Kitchen got pretty much wiped off the map during the alien invasion,” he was saying, “I was…four, I think? Might’ve been five. Got the whole week off school because the place got demolished and it took that long for them to find somewhere else to have classes.” He sighed. “I was kind of counting on that, actually – days off for superhero damage are kind of a thing back home.”Ron was staring at him now. “You’re serious? I mean, I’d heard things were mental over there, but…superheroes, seriously?”“I am not kidding,” Harry said firmly, “Superheroes. They’re all over the place in New York, so it’s kind of weird. Most people in the rest of the country think we’re crazy for still living there, what with all the supervillain battles and stuff.”“You can say that again,” Ron said breathlessly, grinning at him. “Why in the name of Merlin would anyone stay there if the place gets levelled every other week?”“Eh, if you run away they’ll have won,” Harry said, more confidently than he felt, “I mean, all you people stayed in Britain even with the war and the killings and Voldemort, it’s no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Belle/Rumplestiltskin | Mr. Gold

freeform: 
Raising Harry
Crossover
Drabble Collection
Genderqueer Loki (Marvel)
Genderqueer Lily Evans Potter
Loki (Marvel) is Lily Evans Potter

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Belle/Rumplestiltskin | Mr. Gold

