Work Text:
Steve and Bucky were absolutely adorable and Tony really wished there was a better word for it. However, for two terrifying people in battle, they were nothing short of over grown puppies off the field. House trained puppies – except that one time when Barnes peed in the plastic plant on a dare – but puppies all the same. Steve was eager to learn and do the right thing, Bucky was always up for a round of mischief, they were perfect. So it made sense that they were dating. They were both adorable, both awesome fighters, and both overgrown puppies. And Tony was happy for them. He really was.That was probably the thing that baffled him the most when he started feeling jealous. He hadn’t felt jealous since he was a child and Howard gave more attention to finding Captain America than Tony. When someone had something he wanted Tony would just make a better version, buy it from them, or simply found a way to have it. But he didn’t waste time on jealousy. So when he started feeling jealous of Steve and Bucky’s relationship, it wasn’t because he wasn’t happy for them – it made him all warm and squirmy inside to see them so happy – but because he wanted to have that too. He wanted the goofy grins, the dumb dates to a carnival, the couch cuddles, the sharing food, he wanted all of that but he didn’t want it from anyone but Steve and Bucky.“Tony, it’s movie night,” said Steve for what was probably the tenth time.“And I’m still busy,” said Tony, not looking up from his fiddling with the laptop Bucky had somehow broken.“I told you, just fix it later,” said Bucky. “Come on, I want to watch the movie.”“Then start without me and I’ll meet you guys up there when I’m done,” said Tony.With a sigh, Bucky followed Steve out. They wanted Tony to join them but they were not going to force him; if the genius needed the space – which he clearly did since that computer wasn’t worth saving in the first place – then Steve and Bucky were going to let him have it. But that didn’t mean they had to leave him like that.Bucky and Steve thought Tony was adorable – like a cat. The genius was aloof when he wanted, cuddly, intelligent, and did exactly what he wanted when he wanted to do it. Bucky and Steve thought he was perfect and they had been trying to court him in subtle ways for several months.So when Tony wanted to skip movie night, Steve brought dinner to the workshop in the form of Tony’s favorite pizza. When Tony was still working in the morning, Bucky brought him coffee and a begal. When Tony still had not emerged the following evening Bucky and Steve joined forces and converged on the exhausted billionaire.“Tony, we’re going upstairs,” said Bucky.“And we’re going to watch Titanic,” said Steve.“Have fun,” said Tony.“We’d like you to join us,” said Steve.“Why won’t you guys just leave me alone already?” demanded Tony, finally looking up from his project and glaring at the men in front of him. “Seriously, you’re always pestering me to join you guys for things. Is your relationship that boring that you need me to entertain you? Because I know I used to be all about the one night stands – and trust me, I’m amazing in bed – but I don’t do those with people I have to fight battles with because I don’t want my head blown off.”“We don’t want you for a one night stand,” groaned Bucky.“What Bucky means is that we enjoy spending time with you,” said Steve. “And we would like to continue spending time with you and if you’re willing we want to date you as well.”“So would you please let us date you?” asked Bucky, exasperated with the entire ordeal.Tony blinked at them, trying to figure out if they were joking or not. It didn’t seem like the type of joke Steve would go along with but maybe Bucky had convinced him. Bucky could be very convincing. And even if they weren’t joking there was no way a relationship between them all would last. Steve and Bucky were perfect and Tony was his own brand of crazy that no one could handle for long. They would get tired of him, see how insecure he really was, how needy, and they would leave.“Well?” prompted Steve, causing Tony to realize he had been silent for almost a minute, just staring at them.“I can’t,” said Tony softly.Then he left because he couldn’t face hurting Steve or Bucky. He didn’t want to hurt them but he couldn’t let them see how badly he wanted to say yes, because he couldn’t get hurt like that again. Tony barely made it to the middle of the Atlantic Ocean before he was shot out of the sky with an EMP missal and dragged onto an old, rusted boat.-	Wanted in Several Different Ways –When he opened his eyes, Tony confirmed what he had been pretty sure of – he was not someplace he wanted to be. It looked like he was inside of a boat, kneeling in frigid water that sloshed around with the sway of the ocean. Tony supposed that he should be bothered by the temperature of the room as his shirt was off and his hands chained out on either side of him, making it virtually impossible to conserve body 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers Movie Night
Hurt Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Kidnapping
Polyamory
Wooing
Hypothermia
Cuddling & Snuggling
Boats and Ships
Water

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

