Chapter 1: How to make James Buchanan Barnes happy
    




Chapter Text
If Darcy didn’t know any better, she would say someone had been following her. But she did know better. She knew that it was decidedly unlikely that anyone in the Avengers Tower would find her interesting enough to be following her. Other than of course DUM-E, but there was no way Tony had upgraded it to be stealthy enough for her to miss it. It would be right up his alley, but way beyond any sort of effort Tony Stark would willingly put into annoying the shit out of her.Usually he just sicced the clumsy robot on her, getting it to follow her around Jane’s lab, thereby forcing Darcy to pick up the goddamn mess it created as it bumbled about, knocking machines down from tables, pouring coffee over her notes and then the freaking fire exitinguisher. The last time DUM-E had followed her around for two days, all of her clothes had been in the laundry from the incompetent robot-assault and she’d have to spend the entire day in a dinosaur-onesie, waiting for her laundry to be done.No, DUM-E was definitely not following her lately, but she had the feeling someone else was.. . . . .For the past week, James had been following Darcy Lewis. It wasn’t obvious—he knew how not to be seen by now—but it seemed the subject of his attentions had some sort of sixth sense, when it came to being observed.Whenever he was hiding in the vents above the lab to observe her during her workday, she would fidget and look around, constantly pausing her work to look over her shoulder towards the door leading to the hallway. She never noticed him, but he didn’t expect her to. Not with his many years of practice. But even lacking the know-how on how to spot him, this talent that little Darcy Lewis possessed, it was most interesting. And it was a skill his inner soldier was dying to put to a test. James tried to tell himself that was why he followed her around. His soldier instinct. Not her brash attitude, her long, dark hair or her large, blue eyes. Definitely not. He’d never know what to say, even if she ever spotted him. He found that that happened a lot, these days. Not knowing what to say. It made him uncomfortable. It made Steve uncomfortable. Because James used to be different. He used to be real good with words and dames. Dames like Darcy Lewis.He pushed the thought out of his mind as he looked down at her though the holes in the vent. No, that was not why he was following her. It must be the soldier instinct. Surely. And it was time to put object Darcy Lewis to a test.. . . . . If Darcy was being completely honest with herself, she was relieved that she hadn’t seen much of James Barnes after their first meeting about a week ago. What had been a very public display of some potent PSM-rage had turned into a very embarrassing scene, that had been observed by most of the Avengers.It seemed like she went to a whole lot of trouble just to end up being humiliated instead.Yes, Darcy didn’t mind one bit that they only occasionally bumped into each other in the common areas or in the elevator. Talk about awkward silences. But after all of these random meetings and his adamant silence when she greeted him, Darcy was starting to wonder whether he’d ever forgive her. Even with the massive fruit basket she had left outside of his door, like the one she had gifted Natasha.Through her embarrassment, she hadn’t really made an effort. She knew that, and maybe she could remedy that. Maybe. Not now, of course. But next time! Next time she stumbled onto him, right. Darcy decided then and there to make a real and honest effort on starting a conversation the next time they met. Maybe she could get a feel for whether he was still mad at her, and figure out a way to make it up to him.That brings the question how you make up being a bitch to an amnesiac ex-assassin? Darcy came up blank. It was time for a brainstorm.She settled comfortably onto the lab stool and pulled her computer close.With a contemplative look and a sniffle—she hoped to god, she wasn’t coming down with something—she opened a document on her lab-top (she snorted at her own genius pun), and typed in her chosen title: “How to make James Buchanan Barnes happy.”. . . . .James watched her for two more days before he made his move. While her boss, Jane Foster, was predictable in a way most people are with her set daily routines, long work hours and a distinctive lack of sleep, Darcy wasn’t. From his observations, not a day was alike and she puttered in and out of the lab at random times, sometimes leaving for hours at a time, sometimes staying in the entire day, as if she was deliberately trying to make his job more difficult than it had to be.He didn’t need anymore than those days to determine that further gathering of intel about the object’s working habits would be a complete waste of time. She was too unpredictable. His test would have to rely on stealth and a swift follow-through. So when she came back into the lab afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
James thinks the cure-all is dating
Darcy is confused
James is confused
everyone is confused
Darcy living in the Avengers tower
James makes it his mission to date Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis makes it her mission to make James Barnes happy
Missions collide and cuteness happens
Darcyland
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Eventual Smut
Eventual Relationships
WinterShock - Freeform
Stalky james
Winter Soldier instincts
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Fluff and Humor
the crackiest crack to ever crack
Smut
Feel-good
Romance
Multiple Personalities

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

