Chapter 1: The Beginning: Let Shadows Emerge
    


Notes:
**This chapter has been edited. :)




Chapter Text
"You have all studied three years for this. If you fail the exam, its your own god-damn fault. Do I care? No. Have I wasted my time with you lot? Probably. Will you all join the military and save the world? Unlikely. But. I suppose. Best of luck." The professor smirks, eyeing up the keen twenty year olds who truly have no idea what they are getting themselves into. "You may begin."Steve quickly opens to the first page of the booklet entitled 'History of Demons and Modern Society'. He has worked so hard for this- to be given this chance. Five years ago Steve Rogers was skinny and sick. Five years ago Steve's father had died in battle. Five years ago he and his mother received compensation for their loss. Four years ago, Steve had gotten the medical treatment he needed to stay alive; grown muscle where there was nothing before. Three years ago Steve had gained 40Ibs and was finally not only the right weight, but healthy enough to join the pre-military academy that his father had gone to.Now Steve is taking his final exam, and -if he passes- he will go on to join the New York's Military Demon Programme, and become bonded to his own demon: finally becoming the soldier he has always wanted to be. 1. Name the five main classes of demon.
Fire. Water. Earth. Wind. Electricity.
2. Name the three higher classes of demon.
Light. Dark. Death.
 3. What is   t  he highest class of demon? 
Death.

 4. What are the demon 'levels'? 

Used to categorise the strength/power of a demon. Level one being the lowest and level one-hundred the highest. A demon's level can change- becoming higher or even lower.
5. Name the three types of demons.
Warriors. Tricksters. Seducers.
6. Explain some of the characteristics of demons.
Demons have different characteristics, including wings, horns, tails, markings and talismans. While wings are often used for flight, they can also be used in combat like horns and tails. 

Markings however, are used more for the branding of demons, signifying the type or class of demons (these are often naturally found on demons). There are also markings/symbols which meanings are yet still to be identified and uploaded into the marking database.

Talismans are the far less common characteristic and have 'magical' properties demons use to their advantage unless they are bonded.
7. Which demons are capable of shape-shifting?
All demons are capable of shape-shifting to some degree, usually as part of the element they manipulate. Only demons level 15 and above can take on life forms, and only level 25+ demons are capable of shifting into human form.
8. Describe the compatibility between a human and its demon, and its importance in military efforts.
How well a human is able to control his or her demon, and draw on its energy depends on the compatibility. Compatibility of 50% is sufficient in the military. The higher the compatibility, the more easily levels can be gained, and the stronger the weapons that can be manifested by the human through using demon's power.

 9. Date and describe The Demon War. 
1914-1945. The demon war is the only demon war known of that bled through the Netherworld gates into our realm. It is the only known record of demons killing their own kind, and was when the military set up the Demon Programme: where captured demons were used, and their energies transferred to soldiers, using the demon's powers to kill other demons.instead of using mere human weaponry.
 10. How are demons captured and bonded? 

The human's aura is connected to one of many gateways to the Netherworld, enticing their (hopefully) compatible demon through into the human realm, where the demon is grounded and restrained by a specialised 'collar' that forms around the demon's throat. The human then draws on the demon's power for the first time using the collar, creating a bond if compatibility is sufficient. After this, the human can summon the demon's power and manifest weapons without going through the collar, which remains for identification means only.
 It's effortless, fifteen minutes and he's already 1/10th finished, with plenty of time spare for double, and then triple checking his answers. Steve is writing the exam with such ease, he might as well be writing his own biography. Endless nights in the library covered in papers, books and ink seem to be paying off in the best way possible.Steve's hand shakes slightly as he passes in the exam, not through nerves, but excitement. The professor gives him a knowing look, transferring the paper to one of the examiners who will mark it here and now; advanced computing systems in hand. Everyone else sits anxiously in their seats as they watch their exams be graded, and their futures foretold. Steve gives a quick glance to his left, checking on his friend who he knows wants this as desperately as he does himself. Sam appears calm, the only giveaway of any doubts being h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Demons
Alternate Universe - Demons
Bonding
Military
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Future
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Explicit Language
Soldiers
Training
Military Training
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Including...
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Come Swallowing
Anal Sex
More tags....
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Demon Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

