Chapter 1: Freedom and Chains
    




Chapter Text
When Spider-Man fought, he was always cautious about his strength. He could break someone’s bones just by poking them too hard; he could dent steel with a flick of his wrist. Killing someone would be easy, if he wasn’t careful. Spider-Man was always careful. He wasn’t like Daredevil, who beats the ever-loving-shit out of the criminals he catches (there was a reason why the criminals of Hell’s Kitchen were too scared to say his name, and why the first thing anyone in trouble in that city did was scream for the Devil to save them); he couldn’t be, with his strength. It was too dangerous, too risky. Spider-Man was more of the humiliate them, incapacitate them, and web them brand. Granted, he did get in physical confrontations past simply webbing them, but he was always -  always - careful to only use the barest fraction of his strength. He always hit the attempted rapists the hardest, though. Where a simple mugger would have gotten harsh bruises and sprained muscles, rapists got fractured ribs and broken bones. He didn’t mean to hit them the hardest  per se - Peter had never gone out with the explicit intention of hurting them the most - but his strength always seemed to be more difficult to control around them. It didn’t mean anything, though.  Anybody  would punch those types of criminals the hardest, Peter justified. There was an entire YouTube channel dedicated to Daredevil’s exploits, for instance, and when they graphed out the injuries of his opponents - literally  graphed  them out, on a chart and everything, as if it was for  school  - the human traffickers and the sexual predators always had the highest injury count. Jessica Jones had  snapped the neck of her rapist. It was a human, visceral reaction to act harshest towards those types of violations. It didn’t mean anything. It didn’t mean anything  to him.  It wasn’t personal. It wasn’t. When Peter was seven, Skip became his babysitter. Steven Westcott - Skip - was a much older, much cooler boy that lived a few streets down from Peter, and he was the only kid in a fifteen mile radius that didn’t avoid strange little Peter Parker for the sole reason that the seven year old could solve equations that gave college professors trouble. “Aren’t you that kid whose nose is always buried in a textbook?” he had greeted. “Name’s Steven Westcott; call me Skip.” Peter had glanced over the rim of his glasses to see a taller, older boy staring down at him with a cocky grin and quirk to his eyebrows. The seven year old had anticipated a short, empty conversation that ended the moment Peter said something that sounded a bit  off coming from someone without a PhD, or a less short, painful confrontation that ended with a bloody nose and another pair of broken glasses. He hadn’t expected the older boy to actually try to  befriend him. He definitely hadn’t expected him to succeed. “Which way do you live? I never walked Einstein home before.” “You don’t have to, Skip.” “I  want to. Einstein, this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship!” And, strangely enough, it had been. Peter honestly couldn’t understand why Skip hung around him; most children wouldn’t be caught dead hanging out with someone so much younger than them, let alone one that was so weird that kids his own age hated him. He never asked why Skip kept coming around; he was too afraid of doing anything that could end the friendship just as it began. Skip had been Peter’s first, best, and only friend. Three weeks after he met Skip, May and Ben made him his babysitter. They had been hesitant, at first. May and Ben had been so young when they received the orphaned Peter, newlyweds, really, and hadn’t been ready for a child, let alone the pint-sized genius they were aunt and uncle to. While Peter knew they loved him, they were stumbling through parenthood, and had overanalyzed every little decision - and regretted every decision they hadn’t, like when they impulsively told Peter to call them May and Ben instead of Aunt May and Uncle Ben. The idea of leaving their nephew with an older boy they didn’t know very well had grated on them, friend or no, and it had eventually been necessity that had persuaded them to accept Skip’s offer of free babysitting. (“It’ll be fun,” Skip had informed Peter with a wink. “Not really babysitting at all, just the two of us, hanging out.”) May and Ben had dropped Peter off at Skip’s house before leaving for their weekend shifts, hovering uncertainly before departing. “Don’t worry, Mr. and Mrs. Parker, “ Skip had beamed, ruffling Peter’s hair. “I’ll take good care of him.” Peter ran into Captain America while he was patrolling Brooklyn. “Captain,” he greeted awkwardly. “You’re back.” “Uh, yeah. Been back for a few days now; I understand I have you and your friends to thank for that.” Peter shrugged noncommittally. “The Accords were crashing and burning on their own pretty well. We just sped up the process a bit. It was all just a coi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Everyone
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Karen Page & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Karen Page & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Past Child Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
it's somehow comic-cannon
I swear
Hand-waving at super complicated politics
The Accords were never a good idea
Karen Page is a badass
Everyone loves Foggy Nelson
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Flashbacks
Aunt May is a badass
and you should never let her have a tire iron
Matt just wants that weird kid vigilante to stop endangering himself
but super strength &gt; duct tape
so he will fight anyone that harms his strange little protege
even if that person is Captain America
Reveals
Street-level heroes are the best heroes
Nelson and Murdock forever
Not Daredevil Season 02 Compliant
I'm actually still in denial that it ever happened.
Tony Means Well
His Execution is Lacking
Matt will fight him too
Child Abuse

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Everyone
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Karen Page & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Karen Page & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

