Chapter 1: I Got You.
    


Summary:

PEOPLE I'VE CHANGED MY USERNAME!!





Chapter Text
 .
Tony met his soulmate while threatening a Norse god. Up until that point, Tony had thought it was a coincidence between the 'Rogers' over his heart and Steve Rogers, Howard's standard for everything. Tony thought it must have been a sick cosmic joke to have his soulmate as another reminder of how he couldn't measure up. He decided he didn't care and that if he ever married his soulmate their name would be changed pronto.Tony's soulmark stood out in another way as well. There were two lines, two sentences. There were only a couple of thousand records of this throughout history and so was extremely rare. It could mean one of two things; either Tony had two soulmates or the two were both equally important, usually from the same conversation. Tony didn't understand soulmarks, who decides what's the most important thing you will ever say to your soulmate? There have been cases where it's extremely obvious as to why it was the most important thing, talks on kids or marriage or deep emotional bullshit. But there have been other cases where it was things like 'fetch the newspaper please' and yeah it could symbolise some emotional thing (like Tony's paranoia of having things handed to him), a deep trust for example, however Tony thought this was kinda moronic. It's all up for debate, it's not a solid science and the 'most important sentence' theory itself has only been favoured for a few hundred years or so, no matter that soulmarks have been investigated for nearly all of civilised human history, every one is fascinated with it.Tony decides early on that he doesn't care. As he looks across his sternum and sees the two lines of delicate but clearly male scrawl 'Don't bullshit me Rogers, did you know?' and 'So was I' underneath it he thinks at least it's recognizable sentences he isn't likely to use more than once. He occasionally wonders how they could be said, probably in an argument. He thinks they'd get over it though. He doesn't often dwell on it as he knows he won't be able to find out an answer.This perspective, however, changes over time. As Tony is betrayed and looked down upon by peers and employees and sinks further into Rhodey's absence from his side and his professional persona, he gets harder and more stubborn against anyone more than who he has with him. Obadiah tips the iceberg, with only the last part of the top line visible from the arc reactor, that betrayal turns him. He knows he won't be able to forgive anyone who lies and betrays him, not even his soulmate.But Tony meets Steve Rogers next to a crazy Norse god wearing a deer helmet and starts the steady stream of internal screaming that lasts for years. He knows Steve's his soulmate but doesn't say anything. It's not like you could even see his mark anymore.
He dislikes the guy straight off, he's kind of a dick and he's so boring Tony is sure he wouldn't be able to spend a life together, Tony's too insomnia creating and Iron Man and Steve is too familial cuteness and Captain America.The only good thing about that day is meeting Bruce Banner, Tony's a massive fan and Bruce is just the kind of person Tony wished his soulmate would be. But he's with Pepper so he doesn't say anything to either of them. They fight aliens and Tony wiggles a promise to come back out of Bruce as he drives him to the airport.Pepper breaks up with him quickly. The stress of Iron Man and Tony's devotion to that more than her pushing her away.
Pepper shouts and Tony tries his best not to scream back or curl into himself."I cannot be the only one committed here, Tony," She shouts."I love you Pep but I love this too, you know that. You knew this when we got together," he states."I know Tony and I'm selfish enough to ask you to give it up but I know you need it so I'm going to do this instead," she pleaded."I know Pep, and I know it'll be better it just hurts," he sighs."I can't be the one they return the body to," she says and Tony keeps quiet as she leaves because his response would be 'they'll send it to Rhodey'.Rhodey tells him that the Mandarin is American business, not superhero business. Tony knows this but he also knows this is way out of their league. Tony has more advanced tech than the military and JARVIS on their side.Happy is injured and Tony hasn't talked to Pepper outside of business in over five months. He sees her at the hospital muttering about recovering quickly. Tony places guards outside and as he turns to leave Pepper tells him Happy is her soulmate. Tony is truly happy and smiles proudly at his friend."I'm guessing I'm the 'he' in question," as tells her, gesturing to her right leg where the words 'he means so much to both of us it's just short of physically painful to be around him sometimes' are scrawled in Happy's handwriting."His words are 'Pepper, it's what everyone who actually sees him thinks'" she laughs, pointing to his right forearm.
He hugs her and thin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Steve/Tony kinda
Steve/Tony not working out
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Bruce is my favourite
I Love Harley
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Rejecting Soulmates
Not Steve Friendly
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Iron Man 3
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Happy Ending
BAMF Tony Stark
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Bruce Banner
Hurt Tony Stark
Arc Reactor
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Extremis
Extremis Tony Stark
Protective Rhodey
sort of a happy ending
Angst
Arc Reactor Issues
Chitauri - Freeform
Character Death
Don't copy to another site
DONT STEAL MY WORK PLEASE!

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Steve/Tony kinda
Steve/Tony not working out
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

