Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The feed was a mess.The image flickered in and out, systems disturbed and bursts of energy whiting out the screen.  There was sound only sporadically, mostly the sound of stone and metal groaning and crashing to the ground.  The huge, open lobby of what had once been Stark Tower was in ruins, shards of glass and stone lying broken on every surface.  The huge fountain had been blown apart, water splattering out across the cracked marble floor.The feed flickered, and came back after a moment of all-encompassing darkness.  When it did, the visual shook, as if the camera recording it was shaking in its housing.  What was left of the lobby's windows collapsed, glass crashing to the ground as a huge, misshapen shape of a robot pushed its way in.  It was ten to twelve feet tall, big enough to scrape against low, sagging portions of the ceiling, and heavy enough to make everything rattle across the floor in its wake.  Huge feet came up, and crashed down, slow and unstoppable.  First one pushed its way into the lobby, then another, and another.  They moved as one, their limbs swinging in a strange sort of symmetry.  When they stopped, it was as one.  When they spoke, robotic voices crackling from unseen speakers, it was as one.“Identify target.”  The words shook the air, and the feed flickered.  “Identify.”In the center of the cracked, fractured floor, facing the phalanx of giant robots, was a child.He was perhaps eleven or twelve years old, absurdly small against the backdrop of the decimated lobby.  His thin shoulders rose and fell in quick, sharp bursts, his face marked by blood at the temple and beneath his nose.  It had dripped down to his t-shirt, splattered across the front, and matting his dark hair to the side of his head.  He was pale, his eyes feverish bright beneath lowered brows, but his chin was up, his jaw a sharp, hard line.There was metal wrapped around his hands, fragments going up past his wrists, gold and silver and bright red that glinted in the shafts of low light.  Wires spun around his arms, like veins, like branching lightning, but the gauntlets on his hands were solid.  There was static, a burst, and then another, and when the feed stabilized again, the boy's lips were moving, the words barely audible over the whir of servos, the creak of metal.“-We stand up for what we believe, no matter the odds.”  The words had a strange, uneven cadence, like a half remembered poem, but each word was solid, hard and unrelenting.  “When the mob and the-” He stared up, his hands flexing at his sides, the metal on his fingers rattling as his hands formed red fists.  “And the press and the whole WORLD tell you to move-”One of the massive bots shifted forward, and the boy's eyes slid in that direction.  A light broke from its moorings, sparks crackling across the feed, and it went out for a second.  The visual gone, there were only the words, continuing on, an unforgiving march of syllables.“Your job is to plant yourself.  Like a tree beside the river of truth, and tell the whole world-”The boy went silent, and the feed rolled back, flicking over itself until it stabilized.  The boy was standing, still and solid and alone in the middle of the smoky remains of the lobby.  He looked up, and smiled.  “And tell the whole world-  No.”He stepped forward, one foot slicing through the fog of dust and smoke that covered the floor, and it hit with the sound of metal on stone.  “You move.”The robot in the lead shifted forward.  “Target identified.”  One hand came up, huge metal fingers reaching for the boy.  “Surrender, or be destroyed.”The boy crouched, his hands spread at his sides, his weight balanced on the balls of his feet.  He was breathing fast, his body jerking with the force of it, but he didn't flinch and he didn't look away.“Get out.”  His lips pulled back, his teeth bared.  “Of my home.”Then he launched himself upwards, the red metal boots roaring with a sudden, explosive burst of power, and he was airborne.The feed went black.*-Seven Years Earlier-The first time he went past, Sue Storm thought she'd imagined it.She'd caught only the barest glimpse of movement, out of the corner of her eye, but she had instincts by now.  Instincts for small people who shouldn't be playing around large, dangerous pieces of equipment without supervision.  No matter what their father said.But by the time she'd turned her head, she'd found the gap between the workbenches empty.Sue took a step in that direction, her body bending at the waist, her head tilting down.   She steadied herself with one hand on the top of the workbench as she checked around the edge, her head swinging first one way, then the other.  Her eyes narrowed.  There was no one there.“Sue?”She straightened up.  “Sorry, were you saying something?” she asked Tony.“Well, yes, I'm always saying something,” Tony said, waving a hand through the air.  Sue leaned back against the workbench, her arms crossed over her chest, amused despite hers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

