Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As the pleasurable grunts and moans slowly died away, the room went quiet.Too quiet."God that felt good," Steve said finally, breaking the silence. He straightened, rolling his shoulders with a wince. His skin was peppered with bruises, not from Tony but from a mission with SHIELD, so recent that the serum hadn't had the chance to heal them yet. The worst of the lot, a muzzle-shaped splotch high on Steve's jaw where a Hydra goon had gotten a little too close with a gun, stood out in stark shades of purple and black. "Yeah, it did," Tony said, realizing that the moment had dragged on a little too long without his contribution. It didn't seem to matter. Steve was rolling out of the bed and sauntering into the bathroom; he came back a few seconds later with a dampened cloth, which he used to wipe off his midsection. He then tossed the cloth to Tony and returned to their bed, pulling the sheets back and climbing in. The lights, already dimmed to 50%, automatically darkened the rest of the way until the only source of light was from the arc reactor.It was just enough for Tony to see that his fingers were shaking as he was half-heartedly swiped at the mess on his belly. He gritted his teeth, trying to force the reaction back down, not wanting Steve to know. This was why he hadn't slept with anyone after Afghanistan. The issue had been bad enough when he was younger, but after everything - especially the Battle of New York - it had easily gotten twice as bad. But it was like trying to hold onto oil with his bare hands: the panic oozed up from his belly, sliding into his chest and constricting his lungs.Steve had rolled over, putting his back to Tony and the rest of the room. By the sound of his breathing, he was either already asleep or most of the way there. Tony stared at his bare back, wanting nothing more than to scoot across the bed and fit himself up against Steve. Or, even better, for Steve to roll over and pull Tony into his arms so that they could talk for a few minutes before falling asleep. They used to sleep that way frequently, Tony's back to Steve's chest, talking until one or both of them fell asleep, but honestly Tony couldn't remember the last time that had happened. More and more, Steve would roll over and pass out immediately, leaving Tony to deal with - with this.Which was fine. Really. It was fair. Steve didn't deserve to deal with his issues.Moving slowly and carefully, he pushed the covers back. Sweat broke out on his body even as he shivered. He put his feet down on the ground and hurried towards the door on legs that felt too weak to support his weight. It was better once he was outside the bedroom and could lean against the door, letting out the hitched sob where he could be sure that Steve's ears wouldn't hear it. The last thing he wanted was Steve to find out about his freak-outs; knowing Steve, he would insist they stop having sex and that would be unbearable. Sometimes it felt like the only thing that kept Tony going were those precious few minutes before bedtime, when he and Steve were naked and touching and it was all glorious - at least until the orgasms were over."Is anyone else awake, J?" he whispered."Agent Barton is in the kitchen, sir," JARVIS responded, voice low.Tony moved on autopilot, body walking on its own accord, bringing him to the kitchen door. Sure enough, Clint was sitting at the kitchen table. One foot tapped restlessly at the ground as he set out graham crackers and covered each one with a little square of milk chocolate. The bag of marshmallows close by suggested that he was making s'mores, which meant that Phil had to be in residence. Of the two of them, Phil was definitely the one with the sweet tooth. Clint was more the kind to make off with Tony's bags of cheetos.Clint wasn't wearing his hearing device, but something - the vibration of Tony's feet against the floor, maybe - alerted him to Tony's presence. His head lifted, the smile immediately dropping into a worried frown, and Tony figured he had to look pretty shitty for Clint to look that concerned. Clint jumped up, the s'mores forgotten, and came around the table. His hands moved too fast for Tony to follow. He shivered again, wrapping his arms around himself, feeling like even more of a failure than before.Because he was a failure, wasn't he? He couldn't even have sex with his fucking boyfriend without having a panic attack because they didn't cuddle afterwards. Tony was officially pathetic. He stumbled back a step, wrapping his arms around his waist, and slammed into the counter hard enough to hurt. But that was okay, it was a convenient excuse for his legs to give out. He slid to the floor, curling up even though that made it a lot harder to get any air in and yup, he was now officially gasping for breath like he'd just run a marathon.His head was spinning and his throat was tight and he couldn't breathe and it was hard to think, but Sunset's cold smile and Tiberius's smirk k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
break-up
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Open Relationships
Cuddling
Platonic Bed Sharing
Asexual Character
Asexual Natasha Romanov
Aromantic Character
Aromantic Asexual Natasha Romanov
Threesome - M/M/M
First Kiss
First Time
Getting Together
steve and tony break up
then tony gets together with phil and clint
Aftercare
Panic Attacks
steve doesn't know how to handle a relationship
tony stark doesn't know how to use his words
Communication is hard
communication is important for relationships
Bottom Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
relationships are hard
reconcilliation
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Phil Coulson
the break up is not nasty
Angst
Angst with feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Bittersweet Ending
an ending with potential
Talking
Rhodey is a good friend
Shy Tony Stark
Embarrassed Tony Stark
Tender Sex
Non-Sexual Intimacy
non-sexual affection
tony loves to be touched
touch starved
implication of past unhealthy relationships
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Platonic Cuddling
Team as Family
team rallying around Tony
steve is not a bad guy
tony is not a bad guy
Crying
Hugging
not civil war compliant
Not Age of Ultron Compliant
Deaf Clint Barton

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

