Chapter 1: What?
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was a calm night, just a few robberies to stop, and a couple of photographs with the policemen whose children were his fans, but nothing too stressful, and he really didn't know how to feel about that. Since a few weeks ago, things had been catastrophe after another, and although he felt somewhat insecure about calm nights like this one, he tried to take advantage of those moments. This wasn't normal on his daily basis.
He was tired, work and college were driving him crazy, and all he wanted was to rest his eyes for a little while.
He laid down on the rooftop, closed his eyes, breathed slowly and felt his body starting to drop into the limbo. He knew very well he should't sleep while wearing his Spider-Man suit, but his spidey senses would let him know if there was danger nearby. And honestly, all he wanted was to rest and breathe, and sleep and... "Heeelp!" a man's voice shouted. "But WHYY?" Spidey sat down again and felt like crying out of anger as he looked up at the sky. "Why now? Couldn't you wait just five more minutes?"He looked to the side and saw his reflection in a window of a building next to him, it wasn't flattering, he looked a little bit like a psycho. "Okay, you need to calm down Peter, this isn't you, just breathe.""HEEELP!""Can't you just wait five seconds? That's all I need dude," he stood up, breathing deep and pricking the bridge of the nose "Okay you're gonna be fine, maybe is just a robbery, after that we'll go home... I mean 'I', I’LL GO HOME, because there's no we... geez, what's wrong with me?""AAHH!" the man screamed again."FINE, God, I'm coming!"He never acted that way, the whole "with great powers, come great responsibility" was his motto, but that night he was tired and just wanted to rest, who could blame him? Yes, he was a super spider, but also human.
He swung to the place where the screams came from, some type of alley near an abandoned warehouse, and stayed hidden on a near fire escape to have a better look of what was happening. There were three dead men on the floor, a lot of blood and another -the one who screamed, he supposed- pinned to the wall by a large all muscle man in a red and black suit."You shouldn't get involved with bad people, it is obvious that if you make them angry they will want that stupid face you've got smashed..." The guy in the red and black suit nodded and sighed although the man in front of him said nothing. "Yes, I am very aware of the situation... no I don't think he peed himself, wait... did you?"Peter was very confused by the whole situation, was he talking to himself? Peter couldn't judge him though, he was doing it himself a few minutes ago, but that was different, it seemed like the guy was having a serious discussion with his brain."You're a very disgusting man," Continued the guy in the mask. "you just peed yourself and now everything stinks.""P-Please, don't kill me!" The other sobbed, shivering under the guy's grip."It's not gonna hurt, pinky promise... nope, never mind, I didn't sharp my girls this morning, so it might take a while to detach your head from the shoulders.""HEEELP!" the man screamed again, trying to get out."Show is over." Spidey landed next to them, but not enough to get HIS head taken off. Furthermore, cursing himself internally for the stupid phrase he used for the landing."And you are?" The other man in the suit asked, turning his head to Peter with a raised eyebrow "Yes, I'm fully aware of his sexy body."
This was very confusing and Peter was not in the mood."Okay man look, I'm tired and I think you’ve already caused too much damage," Peter said pointing out to the dead bodies "So if we could just leave it here.""Oh no can't do," The guy said, pointing his finger at the man in front of him "he is actually the one I was called to kill. Those were just a funny entrance."
Peter didn't get the joke, so he just stood there very tired. "I don't want to fight.""Me neither, sunshine. Unless we're covered in lube and you're at the bottom.""What? Am I still dreaming?"The other guy looked at him for a moment and hummed, pricking his arm with his free hand and shaking his head.  "No, it is not a dream. Anyway, please excuse me for a second while I unalive this guy and we can go for some tacos.""NOO, please help me!" the man pinned to the wall screamed (again).'Right! I forgot about him' Peter thought. "I can't let you do that and I don't go out with guys who kill others," he said, shooting a web at the tall man in the black and red suit. Then shot another at the other guy, who was about to run away."Wow that's hot... so you do date guys?" asked the suited man now pinned to the wall, all covered in webs."Um okay..." Peter said, scratching the back of his neck and looking confused. "This was very, weird?
Anyway I'm gonna go and call the police, you two have a nice night, I need to sleep."Peter turned around, fired a w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Self-Esteem Issues
Action/Adventure
Feelings
Humor
Breaking the Fourth Wall
The Author Regrets Nothing
Sexual Humor
a lot of fluff
Rainbows and Shit
Maybe I need a life
Bad Spelling & Grammar
I try
Established Relationship
Memory Loss
Happy Ending
Wade is smart
What is slow burn?

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

