Chapter 1: Investigation
    




Chapter Text
The crisp morning air brushed through Peter’s hair and over his delicate wings as he flew through the forest, his eyelids drooping lazily. He was exhausted and moody, having spent the majority of the night before hunched over his work table, sketching plans for a new contraption onto a large oak leaf. While he’d normally sleep in until well past noon after a long night of inventing, the empty grumbling of his belly had roused him from his bed at dawn’s first light.
After stumbling around his hidey hole for a few minutes getting ready, Peter had emerged from his tree den and set off into the forest in search of breakfast. Now he was zipping through the underbrush, mapping out the landscape and heading in the direction of a patch of berry bushes. Glancing at the ground as he flew, Peter smiled tiredly when he spotted several animals who were up and about, milling through the grass. At least he wasn’t the only one awake at this hour.
Peter had just spotted a bunch of rowan berries down below when a blast of thunder cut through the forest, startling the fairy and woodland creatures, alike. Heart thumping in his chest, Peter hovered in place and tilted his head up to the sky, confused when he didn’t spot any storm clouds. Taking a deep breath to calm his nerves, Peter faced forward and listened carefully for any further sounds.
He didn’t have to wait long.
Several smaller booms filtered through the trees moments later, the noises echoing around him. Turning his head toward the source of the sounds, Peter dropped out of the air to land quietly on the limb of a tree. Pressing his body to the tree’s trunk, Peter placed his hands on the rough bark and leaned forward, trying to spot the cause of such a ruckus. He couldn’t place the sounds which continued to filter through the forest, though now they were much softer in pitch. What could be causing them?
Peter breathed deeply as he stared into the thick brush, his sleepiness forgotten. He debated the merits of flitting over to investigate, his natural curiosity warring with his sense of self preservation. On the one hand, it might be perilous to go searching for the source of such noises, but on the other hand...Well, there wasn’t really an other hand in this situation. Loud booms tended to signify danger, like the roar of an angry animal or the harsh clap of thunder. It was highly unlikely that this situation would be any different.
However, despite his brain screaming at him that this was a very bad idea, Peter’s curiosity won out. Jumping down from his hiding spot, he flew close to the ground and fluttered over the grass and fallen leaves, silent as a whisper. Heading in the direction of the noise, Peter turned his head side to side, searching the horizon for signs of anything strange.
He traveled for quite some time as he followed the sounds, moving deeper into the woods than he’d ever gone before. A nervous weight settled in his belly as he passed an odd patch of land, the grass and dirt stamped down as though trampled by an animal. Peter bit his lip but continued onward, unsure if he was getting any closer to the source of the booms. He could still hear them, but they were very faint and happening less frequently as time passed.
It wasn’t long before human things began popping up around him, huge machines and other odds and ends becoming more pronounced against the backdrop of the forest. Peter bit his lip nervously as he passed them, his gut screaming at him to turn around and go home. He ignored it and continued onward, looking toward the horizon to see more human things settled in a clearing up ahead. A large structure loomed at its center, the darkly painted walls surrounded by wooden boxes and other items Peter couldn’t identify.
The fairy’s wings fluttered delicately as he came to a stop, perching lightly on a branch. Peter scanned the area for signs of humans, remembering how Uncle Ben had warned him that buildings usually meant people were nearby. He couldn’t see any wandering through the trees at the moment, but that didn’t necessarily mean that there weren’t any around. Just to be sure, he strained his ears to listen for the sounds of voices or footsteps, but the woods were eerily silent. Even the booms had quieted.
Peter’s breathing picked up as he anxiously shifted on the branch, his mind racing with possibilities. Something clearly wasn’t right here, not to mention how he still couldn’t tell where the noises had originated. Curious but wary, Peter decided to play it safe for now and continued forward at a snail’s pace. 
Ducking back and forth behind leaves and the human things littering the ground, he only paused long enough to pop his head up to scan for incoming people. As he got closer to the compound, his eyes were drawn to an open doorway leading into the building. The door was missing and the wall surrounding the hole was covered in dark soot and scorch marks, the obvious signs of fire giving Peter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
sorta
Brief mention of Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fairy!Peter
Alternate Universe
Fairy AU
I couldn't help myself
I blame the Tinker Bell movies
Damn you Netflix
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Wade loves little Peter
Fluffy fic starts out dark
Because Deadpool
it'll get fluffier though
Slow Burn
Size Difference
But sex is coming (lol)
Just Bear With Me
Peter doesn't have powers
Just cute little fairy wings
Voyeurism
Masturbation
We've officially hit E Rating Territory!
hurrah!
Macrophilia
Microphilia

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
sorta
Brief mention of Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

