Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Clint gets the status quo ok? 
He knows that he doesn't really fit. 
What he wants... it's not normal, isn't fair to ask for - he had that lesson beaten into him a long time ago. 
But it's not like he doesn't try ok – he has tried. He knows that only good submissives get rewards, that they have to be earned, so he does his best to deserve them. He works hard, puts everything he's got into his job, is the very best at his chosen discipline, but when you're an unclaimed sub who has to resort to scrounging for one night stands or paying professionals to take you down, most of that doesn't matter. 
He's Level Four now, he can't exactly tell anyone what he does. 
He has to play by civilian rules, and therein lies the problem. 
He lives in a world where the normative is... not his thing. Dominants today, they like the hard stuff, play that's too much like work for comfort; intense, sadistic, painful and humiliating. Clint understands that – to each their own after all – and he can... well, he can handle it, but it's not exactly fun. Pain is something he deals with, something he suffers through because it means completing the mission, achieving his goals, and maybe, if he's lucky, it means getting a little of the aftercare he wants so badly. 
If it's not pain it's bondage, and that's nearly the same. He's had more of that than he cares to remember, both before and after joining SHIELD.  Ropes and handcuffs, gags and blindfolds, getting slapped around – it's all the same. It's being caught, being trapped, not knowing what's coming next and he hates it, whether it's a Dom tying him down or a terrorist. 
But that's how it works and he understands the rules. If he wants the rewards, the pets and the cuddles and the praise then he has to earn them, and that means being a good sub - taking what he's given, doing what he's told, being there to serve or be used in whatever way his Dominant wishes. 
It sucks, and after everything he's been through... 
Well. 
Let's just say there's a reason he isn't in a committed relationship. 
They just... don't work for him, no matter how hard he tries, how many concessions he's willing to make. For a while he thinks it'll be ok, thinks he can tolerate whatever his partners throw at him, but that feeling builds and builds in his chest, the discomfort, the fear, the waiting for it to go too far, and then suddenly he can't handle it anymore and he bolts. 
So yeah, it's been a few years (more than a few) since he's held a contract with a Dom. 
The rumor around headquarters is that Clint's just picky and hard to please, a mouthy, uppity sub who refuses to settle down and enjoys leaving a trail of frustration and broken hearts behind him. 
Well they're not entirely wrong, and Clint's happy enough to let those rumors run. 
It's a better reputation to have than any the truth might earn him; selfish, wimpy sub who wants to be pampered and catered to, showered with as many rewards as he can get without having to work for any of them. With an image like that, paying a professional Dom to take him down would be the only option he has left, and even then he'd be lucky to get a session. 
No Dominant was interested in a sub like that, and why should they be? 
Doms aren't supposed to be the ones doing all the work, giving and giving and giving to their sub without getting anything they want in return. 
Clint's not bitter though. 
It's his issue, not anyone else's. 
He's the one with the anxiety and the triggers, the needs and the desires that just aren't normal. People aren't that far off the mark when they say Clint's picky – that much they've gotten right - mostly they've just got it the wrong way round. 
He's made his peace with it though, learned to live with it.  
He's been at SHIELD three, four years now, and he's found his place, earned his position as a Specialist, as a member of some of the most elite strike teams in the organization, and after all this time he's mostly found his balance. He's learned how to keep himself level, created a system to check his own needs and impulses. He might not have a Dom but he's been taking care of himself for as long as he can remember. There's no one who knows him better, no one he trusts more. 
At least that's what he keeps telling himself every time his traitorous heart starts kicking up a fuss over a certain handler of his. 
Stupid to even think it really. 
Coulson's the most confidant man he's ever met, a Dom through and through, competent in everything he does. He takes control so smoothly and easily you almost miss it, often do until it's too late. Clint's seen him pull a victory out of the most epic clusterfuck, all without a wrinkle in his four-figure suit, and it's not fair because in the day-to-day, he's quite possibly the best person Clint has ever known. 
He listens, treats Clint well, has never assumed or dismissed or looked down on him. 
He's per
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dom Phil Coulson
Dom Phil
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Sub Clint Barton
Sub Clint
Subdrop
Submission
Service Submission
Non-Sexual Submission
Sexual Submission
Sexual Tension
Past Sexual Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Clint Needs a Hug
Clint Feels
Hurt Clint Barton
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
BAMF Clint
Awesome Phil Coulson
Protective Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Top Phil
No Spoiler Tags
more tags as we go
Angst
Angst and Feels
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
was gonna be dirty bdsm
turned to fluff
Sweet fluffy fluff
Domestic Fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Phil's a Good Dom
OMG stop fighting it!
Misunderstandings
communication is key
Safe Sane and Consensual
Sub Drop
Massage
Seriously just talk already!
Kneeling
verbal blindfolding
Praise Kink
Praise
petting
Top Drop
Dom Drop
Asking For It
Hand Jobs
Subspace
nerf guns
situational awareness
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Phil Coulson & Jasper Sitwell Friendship
I Believe in Jasper Sitwell
Jasper likes to swear
Sassy Phil
Sappy Phil
Sexy Phil
Clint's a Tease
Playful Phil
First Time
Blow Jobs
Phone Sex
bondage tape
Cuffs
purple tape
BDSM Scene
traffic lights
endorphin rush
dopamine is our friend
realistic refractory periods
Nail Polish
cause purple
toenail painting
Face-Fucking
previously negotiated kink
Kink Negotiation
Voice Kink
post-orgasm confessions
not great timing Phil...
Better confessions
Hallelujah
they finally said it
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happily Ever After
Still Better Than 50 Shades of Grey
Aftercare
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

