Work Text:
Bucky watches in silence and seclusion from the ragged edge where forest gives way to gravel as Steve emerges past the rounded bend of service road. He snorts as soon as he sees the new car Steve’s picked up: a black two-door Scion, low enough he’s sure Steve’s scraped over a rock or two on the rutted path.
He’d been doing a preliminary scope of the area, even though they’d just arrived in town. Steve had gone to ditch their old transport that they’d been using for all of a week and find a place where they could stay for the night. When Bucky pulls the passenger door open and Steve holds out a metal key attached to a small wooden panel, Bucky swallows down a groan of disappointment.
“I know,” Steve says. Bucky has to hunch down to climb in, dumping his dusty backpack to the flooring between his legs and pulling the door shut.
“It’s the best I could find here.”
Steve keeps his eyes on the road as he pulls a three-point turn. He curls his arm around the back of Bucky’s seat so he can look out the rear window as his other hand turns the wheel. It opens his body up so Bucky can smell the heat of him, the faint salt-musk of sweat that makes Bucky’s stomach tighten like Steve’s pulling at it with a string. Can he fucking live.
“It’s fine,” Bucky lies. He has to unclench his jaw to say it, and try not to be too much of an asshole. Steve can’t control what temporary accommodations they’ll find in any given dinky town just because Bucky’s gotten a taste for fluffy hotel bathrobes and mints on his pillows. Just two weeks before, they’d stayed at a hotel in Tampa with a full-on suite and a five-star breakfast buffet. They’d had an open bar at night by an Olympic-sized pool. Bucky’d sipped margaritas and they’d tossed bean bags into cornhole boards while kids shrieked in the background and chased each other around the deck.
Most of the time they weren’t that lucky. Most of the time the fact they were trying to infiltrate an abandoned weapons cache, or a possibly still-active cell took precedence over whether they were staying at a place with room service or a sketchy roadside motel where Bucky was sure serial killers paid by the hour to dismember their victims in peace.
Steve’s looking straight ahead as he drives, but Bucky can practically feel him thinking, wanting to solve it.
“Stop thinking so loud,” Bucky grumps. He nudges at the bag between his feet, wishing he could kick it. He feels stupid and surly, and all because he’ll be sleeping on a slightly lesser firm mattress tonight than the last place they’d stayed at. He’s slept in all sorts of impossible places and set-ups. Curled up on tree branches, huddled under bridges, stashed on fire escapes and in the back of more armored vehicles than Bucky could count, as they swayed and knocked him about.
“Is this better?” Steve asks, turning an imaginary dial on the side of his head, mouth quirking in the tiniest of smiles. Bucky kicks at his bag again, folds his arms to his chest, and resolutely stares out the window for the rest of the drive.
*
Bucky takes the bathroom first. Steve doesn’t say a word. The motel ranks instantly in Bucky’s bottom three—not that he’s keeping a list in the notes section of his phone, and not that it soothes him sometimes to scroll through and wistfully stare at his top five. That would be shockingly irresponsible of a trained operative, a perfect cookie crumb trail of his and Steve’s  Demolish the Last Vestiges of Hydra: The Domestic Run  tour of the fifty states, should his phone ever be captured or hacked.
His stomach had sunk as Steve swung the car into the empty dirt lot behind the low ranch-style building. It has a total of ten units and a front office with bulletproof glass separating the night manager from the rat-cage-sized lobby. He hadn’t even looked at Bucky when he’d asked for floss and gotten a single ply wrapped around a battered piece of cardboard. Two weeks ago in Phoenix the desk clerk at their four-star hotel had complimented Bucky’s eyes and given him a shortlist of  nightlife accommodations. The thought of going anywhere loud and dark and crowded when he really just wanted to lie down somewhere he could stretch his legs and flick through Pay-Per-View and have Steve fuck him had made Bucky want to break out in hives. But it was worth it for the way Steve had puffed up next to him and placed a proprietary hand on the small of Bucky’s back. It had made Bucky’s heart pound double time, and the desk clerk back off with a delighted smile, and five minutes later Bucky had dropped to his knees in front of Steve as soon as their suite door shut.
Bucky hears the sound of the television switching on, soundproofing so terrible it sounds like it might be in the bathroom with him. He hangs his bag on the back of the door and switches the fan on, loud enough it sounds like it might lift the bathroom and take off. He looks a damn mess in the mirror, skin greasy as hell and dust in his hair, grit beneath his fingernails where h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossdressing
Feminization
Roleplay

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

