Chapter 1: Surviving Captain America's Glare Is an Essential Requirement
    




Chapter Text
The person who Tony talked to was Phil of course. In fact, Tony had been putting off having this conversation with anyone until Agent had miraculously reappeared and been brought into the Pack. He could have talked to Bruce he supposed, but that would probably have brought the Hulk into the conversation. Tony loved the Big Guy but he was not one to give help on the question of medical personnel. One of these days, the armor was not going to be enough to protect him and the Omega was going to get hurt. And by hurt, he meant beyond the common bruises, sprains and minor penetration wounds (OK – Bruce never thought the penetration wounds were minor, but he was a total worrywart). And when that happened, the Pack was going to freak.Tony’s research on omegas had a lot of holes – or maybe the information didn’t exist. Omegas had to have medical attention since they definitely got sick. And what about dental? Actually, Tony should have prioritized the really important activities – what about spa services and barbers? This facial hair did not maintain itself, such a work of art required assistance. His mind began to spin off, listing off personal services. He had been with Pack escort to his lawyers – a billionaire had a lot of work with lawyers. Also, accountants and masseuses – not that the Pack wasn’t willing to do the last and Clint had great hands. Tony sternly recalled his wandering thoughts – doctors, medical professionals were what were needed. Eventually he was going to get hurt enough that Bruce would definitely pull his “not that sort of doctor” line and then where will they be?When Phil came into the workroom, Tony started in at full speed, “Agent we need medical backup. Did SHIELD ever work with omegas? Not that I would trust – what with Hydra and all that. But – still, maybe they knew how to handle it?”Phil had become quite experienced in interpreting Tony speed speaking. It was surprisingly similar to the skills needed for long-distance eavesdropping. He carefully considered the mess he had just heard and replied, “SHIELD did not generally work with omegas as Fury was distrustful of them. Their loyalty to their packs always worried him. So no real expertise in caring for omegas. In the military they generally tried to have an Omega doctor with an existing Pack and that worked for most of the military Packs. JARVIS, are there any omega specializing practices in the city?” In response to Tony’s grimace, Phil pointed out, “It wouldn’t be perfect since they may not have the expertise to handle battle wounds, but it gives us a place to start. And, frankly, considering your special biology, we probably need to start with someone to do your regular medical care since Bruce is…” Tony chimed in on the “not that kind of doctor.”Phil mentally rejiggered his calendar and re prioritized his to do list. He could see the importance of Tony’s request. He had actually been part of a Pack with an injured Omega and it was not pretty. They, as a War Pack in the US military, had a Pack medic as well as access to Omega doctors and it was still bad. The Pack had been so tense that they had been isolated in the room with their Omega and only the medical team could get in. Phil remembers actually having to hold Frank, their Alpha, back from attacking a general who had come into check on Roger (unfortunately, the general was also Roger’s father and his family pack Alpha). Phil was pretty sure that he could hold it together and he was willing to bet that Sam Wilson could be counted on not to lose it. How unfortunate that they were baseline normal in the Avengers Pack, because everyone else was definitely going to be in ‘kill it if it moves near Tony’ mode. They definitely needed medical staff they were already comfortable with if the worst happened. “I’ll start researching potential options. I think the best idea might be to have you, Bruce and…Natasha interview them.”Tony nodded, relieved and impressed. The interviews were a brilliant idea. Bruce would take care of the medical expertise and Natasha would look for any suspicious behavior. Actually, Tony thought, the Hulk was probably the best judges of characters in the Pack. The Big Guy had a sixth sense for bullshit. “Steve will never go for it. He is going to need to approve everyone personally. But he can have a short list to go to town on.” Steve was way too territorial an Alpha to rely on anyone else where the safety of his Omega was concerned; he would need to see how they worked in stressful situations, like in view of the ‘Captain America is watching you and he is not impressed’ look. He would object to Tony meeting with them before he did, but Tony knew he would win that argument.  This was for the good of the Pack and Tony was learning that no Omega bowed to an Alpha when the good of the Pack was at stake.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Pack Dynamics
Omega Brain - Freeform
Dealing with Logistics
AU
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

