Chapter 1: Mexico
    




Chapter Text
The weather is blisteringly hot. Bucky’s shirt is stuck to his back with sweat and the steering wheel is scorching his flesh hand. He’s pretty sure he could fry an egg on the other one, but he’s being careful not to touch it. The thing gets hot enough on its own with all the motors and wires running through it –  the relentless assault of the sun means it’s probably red hot. He can hear the fans inside whirring.The car’s got no air con. It’s a beat up piece of shit that SHIELD insisted was incognito. Bucky’s pretty sure they just didn’t want to shell out for something made in the 21st century, though. Apparently, when it comes to smuggling people through Central America, a tin can held together by rust and duct tape is the best plan.Miguel isn’t helping matters either. Sure, he’s on the run from international criminals, but he could stop fidgeting for a few damn seconds. Bucky’s patience has been burned away by the heat, and the unending shuffling and sighing from the passenger seat is almost enough to make him forget that his mission is to keep the idiot alive.“Oh man, oh man, oh man,” Miguel is whispering to himself, and his hands are tapping against any surface he can reach with no rhythm whatsoever: an insistent tap-tap taptap tap, just loud enough to grate on Bucky’s nerves. “They’re gonna kill me, man. I’m dead. I am deader than dead.”“That’s why I’m here,” Bucky points out, but it’s no use: Miguel’s beyond hearing him. “They woulda killed you anyway after what happened in Puebla.” It’s not tactful, but if they wanted tact they should have given this mission to a different team. Neither Bucky nor Steve’s good at it. Steve at least manages polite, but Bucky doesn’t see the point in it, not if it’s not going to get him anywhere.“Oh shit – Puebla,” Miguel moans in Spanish. And maybe Bucky should have tried polite, because it looks like he’s just wound the guy up more. Huh. Maybe, if he winds him up enough, he’ll pass out from stress and Bucky will get a few hours of peace and quiet. “They’re gonna kill me, man.”Bucky’s gonna kill Steve for wriggling out of this one. Important briefing at the Triskelion, his ass. Here was Bucky thinking they were partners. Steve better buy out the whole damn bar when Bucky gets back. And he’s taking all his drinks with ice.“Agent Barnes.” Coulson’s voice says through his earpiece. It is as calm and cool as ever.“Yeah,” Bucky says, grateful for a distraction from Miguel’s whining.“The satellite’s reading a heat signature ahead. It’s one person, not close, but be aware. Two klicks ahead, on your left.”“Sure it ain’t another goat?” Bucky asks. The last three heat signatures had been goats.“Most likely, but it’s best to be cautious.”“Easy to say in that nice, air-conditioned control room of yours,” he replies, glaring at the road as there’s no way he can glare at Coulson. “It’s fucking 120° out here.”“It’s 98°, Agent Barnes,” Coulson replies. He sounds blank, but Bucky knows he’s laughing.“Maybe outside, but I’m in a greenhouse on wheels.”“Buy yourself an ice cream.”“You can buy me a tub when I get back,” Bucky replies. He’s warming up to Coulson. Of all the SHIELD agents they work with, Coulson’s probably the one who comes closest to getting how his mind works. At least he doesn’t look at Bucky like he’s going to snap and kill everyone every five seconds.“You’re coming up on the heat signature. It should be approximately five hundred metres away on your left. Do you see anything?”Bucky looks, but there’s no change from the scenery he’s been enjoying for the last three days, not even a goat: brown land, yellow grass, the odd tree and mountains in the distance.“Nothin’,” he says, letting out a huff as he frowns. Beside him Miguel is still bemoaning his life choices, which Bucky agrees with wholeheartedly. If it weren’t for the deal Miguel made with SHIELD, Bucky would be very much in the camp that thinks the world is better off without Miguel in it. But there is a deal and Bucky’s got a job to do. He turns his attention back to looking for the unknown heat signature instead. Not even any goats this time. Someone in SHIELD ops is fucking with him. “Sure you’re not just lookin’ at a really big bird?”“Maybe,” Coulson says, but Bucky keeps an eye out anyway.It happens fast, so fast Bucky can barely remember the details later. Miguel’s despair has made his head flop back against the head rest, while Bucky’s sitting up, alert and looking out to the left.He’s aware of a blur. He blinks, like his eyes are messing up. Then there’s a rush of air behind his neck. It doesn’t feel like a bullet. Something tickles his skin and when he turns to Miguel there’s a fucking arrow sticking out of his throat. His eyes and mouth hang open.The rust bucket screeches to a halt and Bucky’s ducking for cover instinctively, his foot slamming down.“Shooter. Shit,” he says to Coulson. “Miguel’s dead. Fucking arrow.” He spits the word in disbelief and looks again at the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
SHIELD Agent Steve Rogers
Assassin Clint Barton
Assassin Natasha Romanov
Slow Build
very slow build
WinterHawk Big Bang
winterhawk - Freeform
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Mission Fic
A lot of people get assassinated
Torture
Mentions of past brainwashing
epic bromances
Deaf Clint Barton
Identity Porn
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

