Work Text:
On a sunny, warm day in late August, Sharon Carter stormed out onto the balcony where Steve, Clint and Sam were having a late morning breakfast, drew her pistol and fired.The bullet grazed Steve's shoulder, opening up a thin line of pain. Instinct drove him to move, dropping the hand he'd raised in greeting and grabbing the ornate silver tray their breakfast had been served on to use it as a shield for the handful of bullets that followed. The tray had to have been inlaid with something else - vibranium, maybe - because it actually worked, though barely. Half a dozen deep dents were less than an inch away from Steve's face, and underlying the shock was the sense of déjà vu.Very slowly, knowing that Sharon potentially had at least four to five bullets left in the magazine, he lowered the tray to stare at her. Clint and Sam had ducked and rolled the instant the shooting started, and were now hiding - Clint behind the table, and Sam behind a potted plant. Sharon didn't look at either of them; her target was Steve. She was breathing heavily, probably from a sprint up the stairs, but otherwise seemed calm. Well, as calm as someone could be when they had murder written all over their face.Steve had exactly enough time to say "Sharon, what the -" before she stalked forward."Shut. Up," she snarled, shoving the gun in his face. Over her shoulder, Steve caught sight of Natasha and Wanda. He looked at them a little frantically, but neither woman made any move to sound the alarm or even to pull Sharon away. In fact, when Sam got to his feet and started to step forward, Natasha reached out a hand to stop him. She was watching Sharon and Steve. Wanda glanced at her, but stayed back. Clint's head appeared over the top of the table, but he stayed where he was. "Sharon -" Steve tried again."I said shut up and I meant it. I'm not above discharging the rest of these bullets into your face," Sharon warned. "You're going to listen to me, Steve. Nod your head if you understand."Steve nodded, wondering if someone had gotten to her. Maybe this wasn't really Sharon Carter."I helped you because I didn't want to see you end up behind bars. At your core, underneath everything else, I believe you're a good person. Aunt Peggy loved you, and she was the best judge of character I've ever known. And you're lucky. You are so fucking lucky that she's dead. Because if she wasn't, she wouldn't have given you the courtesy of a warning shot."He opened his mouth. Instantly, the pistol jabbed him in the jaw. "Don't," Sharon said. "You fucked up. And now you're going to fix it. Wanda."At the sound of her name, Wanda stepped forward. She was holding a tablet, Steve realized. Sharon leaned back and typed something onto the screen. It flickered, filled with static, then snapped into focus. Steve's breath caught. It was the Raft, specifically the cell where Sam had been housed. There was a new occupant. A very familiar, very beat-up occupant. It was Tony."What the hell," Natasha hissed. "Is this some kind of joke?""You wish," said Sharon. "Did any of you, during your crusade, ever stop to think about what might happen to the people you left behind?" She pressed the pistol a little harder to Steve's jaw, digging it in. "Did you ever think that maybe General Ross might take his anger out on your families? Your loved ones?"Clint shot up then. Scott, dressed in uniform, appeared next to him. They were both clamoring until Sharon yanked the pistol away from Steve and shot into the air to silence them. In the sudden silence, she spoke. "Your families are fine, no thanks to either of you. Tony protected them. He smuggled them out of their houses and took them to a safe place out of Ross's reach.""It's the least he could do," Clint muttered. It was the wrong thing to say.In an instant, Sharon was out of Steve's face and into Clint's. "You think that's funny?" she growled. "I think that Stark deserves a taste of what he gave to everyone else.""Oh really? You're a funny man, Mr. Barton. You've never had any problem taking advantage of Tony. You took his money, his connections, his tools. You let him think you were friends. And when he needed you, you walked away.""He locked me up!" Clint spat. "He locked all of us up. The Accords -""The Accords were never what Tony wanted!" Sharon yelled in his face. "You all seem to be under the impression that Tony Stark was the one who came up with the Accords, who babied them along, who tried to force your hand into signing. He was trying to protect you from the 117 countries who created the Accords in the first place. Did you even look at them? Did you research them? Did you know that it took Tony and his whole team of lawyers months to change the original Accords away from the death sentence they were in the first place? Months to change things to the point where you were the ones who had control?"She whirled away, her anger redirecting itself back to Steve. "Did you know that Tony has turned himself inside out t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Protect Tony Stark 2k16
Tony Stark Defense Squad
sharon carter appreciation
pepper potts appreciation
Women Being Awesome
marvel women being awesome
assumes that the rest of the team is in wakanda
Canon-Typical Violence
BAMF Sharon Carter
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF shuri
darcy lewis is taser happy
not kind to steve rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
sharon carter is taking none of your shit
Hope van Dyne as the Wasp
protect tony stark
tony is loved by lots of people
laura barton takes no shit
laura is having none of your excuses
implied laura/clint/natasha
implied tony/t'challa
Fighting
hurt character
Hurt Tony
Tony is a damsel in distress
Basically
Rescue Missions
Pepper in the rescue armour
Pepper is Rescue
Pepper is awesome
Shuri is awesome
Sharon is awesome
Betty Ross is tired of the world
she's especially tired of her father
Sharon yells a lot
steve deserves it
no damage was done to steve in the making of this story
but not for a lack of sharon trying
tony stark protects everyone
it's about time someone protected him

fandom: 
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark

