Work Text:
Tony raises his head to wipe away at the sweat dripping down his forehead. He gives the mirror to his side a passing glance, not bothering to focus on his reflection before turning his attention back to the tech at hand.He’s working on repairing the damaged suit from the battle in Siberia. That battle had left his armour damaged, had left… had left him damaged.A shudder goes through his body, and he sits back up, straightening his back. The suit is beyond repair––if he didn’t know better, Tony would have almost thought that Steve had particularly targeted the area that he had hit to shut down the armour like this. Tony can’t simply replace the reactor; the damage extends to the fried wires running through the entire system.It’s a piece of garbage, a piece of trash that he can’t fix. But Tony can’t find in him to put it away. He’s not sure why; looking at the broken suit knocks the air out of his lungs every damn time.His hand moves up to his chest absently, hovering over his arc reactor. It had received some  damage during the fight as well, albeit not directly. The shield had managed to penetrate the suit’s reactor, but not the one embedded within Tony’s chest; instead, it had grazed it, dimming the light but not quite stopping it.Tony could not bring himself to fix it after he had been found and taken home. He knows that he needs to––or should need to, anyway, in order to stay alive. Rhodes asked him about it a few times, and Tony had insisted that it was fine, that it had not been damaged.Because, if he’s being honest, he’s not sure that he wants to fix it.Everyone’s life will come to an end, and that’s a lesson Tony had learned long ago. His, too, will eventually have to come to an end. So why does he keep pushing it away? Okay, so maybe after Afghanistan he’d thought that he'd remained alive for a purpose. He’d followed through. He’d shut down the weapons manufacturing. He’d joined the Avengers, he’d flown a nuke into space.Fine, but why did he make it out of that wormhole?Nothing had gone right since. Everything he’d done had caused much more damage than good, if any. First, he’d given his address to a goddamn terrorist, who managed to get Pepper into the whole ordeal. Then he’d created Ultron. Then he’d decided that he could be smart enough to play Ross––that after signing the Accords, he could change the rules.Clearly, none of that had worked out.When his eyes fall to the mirror this time, he allows them to settle for a bit, studying the image in his reflection.He’s changed. A lot.Whether to the better or worse, he doesn’t really know.And he’s lost… he’s lost a lot.He’s lost his family––not just his parents, but Jarvis, Aunt Peggy… whose death no one had informed him of. Whose funeral had had not been invited to, whose burial he had not helped with. Aunt Peggy, who practically raised him with Jarvis…He’s lost the only woman he’s ever loved, Pepper. She avoids him, nowadays. Tells him they’re on a break, but he knows it’s a break up. He can’t blame her.He’s lost Rhodey––okay, so Rhodey tries to pretend that everything is okay, but it’s not. Rhodes is paralyzed, and it’s because of Tony. Sure, the braces Tony has built may help Rhodey avoid a wheelchair at times, but Tony knows that they will never fix the problem. He can’t even look Rhodey in the eyes, nowadays, without guilt churning in his stomach.And he’s lost his… friends? Team? At some point, Tony had nearly considered them family. But then Ultron happened, and… Well, he was no longer part of said family.Now he’s broken up the team.His chest aches, and Tony’s jaw clenches at the surge of pain. It gets hard to breathe often times now, and that worsens especially when the pain spikes. He shakes his head, pushing himself to stand up, and drags himself over to the couch that is a few steps away from where he has been working.He crashes onto the couch, burying his face into one of the cushions, and curls his legs up against his chest. It’s getting harder to do anything without getting so exhausted. He can barely walk. Going up a flight of stairs is impossible––he would run out of breath, which would spike the pain in his chest, which would in turn make it harder to breathe, and so on. An endless cycle of pain.It’s also getting harder to work on his projects, with his hands getting so shaky; he cannot work with precision on technology and machines anymore.A part of him tells him to get up and fix the goddamn arc reactor, to prolong his life enough to keep Stark Industries up and running smoothly, to work on pardoning the fugitive Avengers, to…God, there are so many things to do.If he just allows his arc reactor to burn itself out, to… to end… then he won’t have to worry about any of those things.But then it feels almost selfish to do that. To let other people down because he’s too scared to deal with his never-ending responsibilities, because he’s so tired..“But like,” he whispers to Dummy, who’s decided to come stand next to the couch Tony’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Tony stark has a heart condition
and
Tony Stark is dying
but this isn't actually a death fic
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Angst

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa

