Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It first happened in Darcy Lewis’s Judo class, practicing falls with the younger kids.  She was a junior in High School, and she traded teaching the pipsqueaks for more advanced lessons, just to take some strain off.  They weren’t poor or anything, but she liked to help.  First thing she knows is Sensei Thorpe pulling her into a toss to show the fall, then she really is falling, and suddenly she’s hauling herself up out of trash while some punk-ass bitch in stupid grandpa clothes comes at her.  Psha, like that’s ever gonna work.  She stands up calmly, noting and dismissing the fact she’s now a boy.  Crazy Grandma Bahrenburg warned her this sometimes happened to the women of the line.  Mom never said it didn’t, but she got pretty pissy about Ancient Greece and Plato for no real reason.  Checking everything works as well as she needs it to, and whoa, colorblindness is freaky, she gets in a good stance.  Thank any and all gods that this guy is her height, she could not have piloted a giant like the fucker coming at her now.
“Ain’t this where you say ‘I could do this all day’ Rogers?” he asks.  So, her swap’s last name is Rogers and from the accent and clothes, in depression era New York?  Interesting.
“Nah,” she tries to let her voice sound native.  It works better than expected.  “I mean, I could, but I won’t, because I don’t beat up on unconscious boys.”
“You little shite-kicker, I’m gonna…”  Darcy never finds out what he was going to do, because he left her a great opening and she took it.  Martial Arts are not about honor or fair play, they’re about leveling the big guy so you, the littler guy, can run away.  Some choice shots and a hip-check toss sends him head first into a brick wall.  She should feel bad about the wet crack sound, but feeling her body's asthma kick in and realizing he has a spine deformity makes her not care.  Who beats up a walking health disaster?  As she exits the alley, a (really fuckin’ hot) guy with dark hair and blue eyes and a smudge of motor oil on his nose corners her.
“Steve!  Are you alright, bud?  I heard Mac the Mountain was after ya!”
“Would Mac happen to be the Neanderthal throwback in that alley?”
The guy starts, either at her lack of knowledge or her accent.  But he checks the alley.  “How’d you do that?”
“I’m a junior 6th class judo artist.  I’m also not Steve.  My family does this body switch thing.  Pain in the ass, now I know why Mom bitches about Plato.  But based on how sore this body is, probably good it was me driving not him.  Does he even know how to fall?  With a spine like this, he needs to learn, like five years ago.  Ow.”
“That’s… very crazy, but probably true, since you aren’t hiding pain.  James.”  He stuck out a hand and Darcy shook it.
“Darcy.  Tell him to slap the ground next time, it disperses the force and reduces shock and damage.  Also, you need to get him to stop tucking his thumb when he punches.  It’s not broken, thank god, but it hurts.  I don’t know if I’ll be back, but I think I feel the switch.  Nice to meet ya, cutie.”  She winked at him.  Then she was on the cot in the dojo.
“Gah, something died in my mouth, get me water.”
“You ok, Sensei Lewis?” asked a mousey junior 12th class barely out of elementary.
“Get me some water and I will be.  And never ever fall that way, ever.”
“Got it Sensei!”  Water was passed to her in her blue glitter sports bottle.  “You said some strange stuff after you woke up, the first time, I mean.”
“Concussions can do that,” Darcy said non-committedly.  “Which is why you tuck your head and slap the ground.  I need to go home and rest now.”
Darcy did not go home.  Darcy went to Crazy Grandma Bahrenburg’s place.  She told her grandmother about it, and her grandmother wrote it all down in a blue leather-bound notebook.  The kind with no lines, although Crazy Grandma Bahrenburg’s neat block print didn’t need it.  And it let her draw stuff, although it was frustrating trying to explain an image.  Words were her thing, not pictures.  She’d see if it happened again, and maybe the blue book would fill up like the purple one her Mom had that she read sometimes but wouldn’t share with Darcy or Dad.  Crazy Grandma Bahrenburg said it could happen more and more, and as it did, she’d learn to feel it coming and get safe.  She finally let Darcy read the other journals.  Some of the colored journals said they delayed the switch by a day to get to safety for their soul-swap.  Some of them said they fell in love when switched.  Most went through time and space; some just went through space to another place in the same time, and how far back was random it seemed.  The dusky blue journal of her ancestress from the Civil War talked about when she met Homer, of the Odyssey. Grandma’s journal said she met Grandpa when switching and went looking for him, since he was only five years back.  Everybody tracked one thing, they switched concurrent with age.  So Steve was sixteen. About to turn seventeen.
<^>
Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bodyswap
Temporal Protection
Darcy has a Crazy Granny who isn't actually crazy
Steve lacks self preservation
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Heartbreak
Starts Fluff turns Feels
Fluff and Angst
off screen deaths
World War II
Hydra and Red Room
nothing super graphic
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
Death
Creepy Alexander Pierce

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

