Work Text:
Laura Barton’s swear jar is the bane of every Avenger.At first, it’s an empty, clean mayonnaise jar, set up on the farmhouse refrigerator where Clint would pitch quarters with uncanny accuracy whenever Laura caught him cursing. For awhile, in Wakanda, there is no swear jar, even though there is a lot of cursing, because Laura can’t bring herself to chastise him for it. Once they hit the States again, though, the swear jar goes back on the fridge, and Clint’s potty mouth is once again a taxable commodity.“This isn’t fair,” he complains, ricocheting two quarters off opposite cupboards. They clatter and clink into the jar as he eyes his wife. “Do you have any idea how much cursing Sam can do? Or Nat? Or Scott? Shit, honey, if Tony were here, he’d—”“All I’m hearing,” Laura says serenely, rattling the half-full jar of coins and one-dollar bills at him, and he groans and flicks another quarter into it, “is that I need to put this in the common room.”It isn’t long until every Avenger comes to know the hunted feeling their teammate Hawkeye feels every time he lets an epithet slip: the feeling of knowing, somewhere, Laura Barton  knew. The clean mayonnaise jar is soon replaced with an empty gallon pickle jar. The scent of dill pickles, faint and lingering, is now reason for most of them to feel tiny pangs of unease and guilt, without quite knowing why. It might have died in its infancy, the Avengers-wide swear jar, had Maggie Lang not thought it was a brilliant idea and started making Scott and Hope pay into it whenever they slipped around Cassie. Then Pepper gets wind of it, and suddenly, a new clause is written into the Avengers charter dictating behavioral standards as set by the head of the house who, in her opinion, is Laura.No one’s quite forgiven Clint for it yet.
oOoOoOo
Everyone contributes to the swear jar, some more than others. Natasha inparticular has an inventive repertoire. Laura debates at first whether or not she should badger Natasha to pay up for every infraction, because Natasha’s changed. She’s angrier, sharper, a little more bitter. A little quicker with a biting comment than she was before the Accords and subsequent fallout. But Laura decides, in the end, that it’s not fair to let Natasha have special treatment, so she tells FRIDAY to keep a running tally and tells Natasha, matter-of-fact, that she’s paying into the jar.It’s the first time she’s seen Natasha smile in almost a year.Rhodey always owes at least five dollars after his physiotherapy appointments, and pays up when he leaves the gym. On one more notable occasion, he drops thirteen dollars into the jar and fishes out a quarter in change, glaring around the room and daring anyone to say anything.No one does, because Rhodey can be pretty intimidating when he wants to be.Hope swears the least, but always gets the most ribbing from the Avengers. Scott doesn’t slip up often; he’s used to watching what he says and where he’s saying it. Wanda doesn’t curse at all, but she also doesn’t say much of anything anyway, just stays quiet unless she has something to contribute. Vision, likewise, doesn’t swear either. Sam contributes about as much as Clint does, all in all, and Bruce averages about the same. Peter tosses in a few quarters now and then, an impressive amount when Laura stops to consider that he’s not here all week, day in and day out, and she has a lengthy conversation over the phone with May about it.The news that Peter’s got a swear jar at home now earns him a lot of mocking.Thor escapes the swear jar for a long, long time, at least until Laura cottons onto the fact that he’s cursing in Asgardian. It takes almost as long for Laura, with FRIDAY’s help, to piece together the list of his infractions, and they are jaw-droppingly numerous. She presents the list to Thor, along with a final tally that is somewhere in low hundreds range, and is rewarded with an embarrassed flush from the blond demigod.Thor settles his account in Asgardian gold, which requires a special trip to the bank with Thor in tow, just to get them to accept it as foreign currency.It takes Clint three weeks to stop laughing at the sight of Thor, Crown Prince of Asgard, scuffing his feet like a three-year-old in front of the much tinier Laura, cowed by the Disappointed Eyes.Even Steve falls prey to the urge to swear, though he mostly restrains himself to solo sessions in the training room, or in his own private suite. But he still finds Laura rattling the jar at him on Thursday nights. The one time he attempts to protest that none of the kids are around to hear him, Laura just raises an eyebrow and points past him, back into the training room, where Nathan is on his tiptoes, reaching for the Wakandan hard-light shield generator Steve left on the table.The word Steve says at that sight requires the deposit of another quarter.When Tony comes back, the swear jar fills up more often because not only is he freer with his language than many of the others, he disappear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Barton Family

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Post-Canon
OT3
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
BAMF Laura Barton
POV Alternating
Canon-Typical Violence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Snarky Snarkersons
The Author Regrets Nothing
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Clint and Laura Barton's Family
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Barton Family

