Chapter 1: Hostage
    




Chapter Text
“Sir!”
“Tony.”
“Tony?”
“Tony!”
“TONY!”
Why was everyone calling his name? He was fine... wait was he falling? Free falling was probably a bad thing. There was suddenly a yell that he doubted was human, it sounded like a guttural roar from a mourning animal. It hurt his heart a little for some reason. Though it do not hurt as bad as the quickly approaching darkness with came with the feeling of his brain (well not literally as the brain had no nerves to detect pain) tightening harshly as if there was a particularly vicious elastic band around it. The pain and darkness swung at him with the force of a sledgehammer, it was slightly a relief as he did not really want to see how quickly he could make a pretty dent in the ground which was quickly approaching.
...
His head hurt, his ears rang and the light stung his eyes. He vaguely remembered falling and being fairly sure he would be a Tony Stark splattered shape on the ground, to be honest he expected worst unless it was a dream but this place smelt like a hospital. He must have done something to get here but to be honest he had worst hangovers.
Eyes wide but not really seeing he sat up trying to focus on the blurry landscape which definitely had people in it, as his eyes slowly focused he noted that most had uniforms. Law enforcement ones as well as the medical ones he expected to see. Well crap, he did not cope well with authority, never had.
He must have done something stupid, due to the massive blank he was drawing from his memory he put it to alcohol or (possibly as well as) drugs. Drugs were a good reason for him to think he was freefalling to his death but turning up feeling no worse than a mild concussion or hangover. He was good at hallucinating under the influence although it was not something to boast about.
“Whatever you think I did, I didn’t do it. James Rhodes coerced me into doing it if there is any actual evidence that I have in fact done something and I demand bail.” He stated matter of factly if slightly panicky, this did not seem to fit quite right in his brain as if his reason came from another jigsaw entirely but he was still trying to jam it into another one despite knowing it would not fit. And he probably just landed poor Rhodey into something.
“And if I was in the sky, I have no idea how I got there so I was not trespassing upon any air space.” He added that part in case he did somehow get into the sky; it was better safe than sorry. “Well that’s sorted then.” He said dismissively to the law enforcement people as if that answered all their questions although he was pretty sure he was the one who really had the most questions.
“Mr. Stark, what is the last thing you remember.” That voice was surprisingly pleasant and he found himself listening to it despite all odds. He added it up to the fact that he did not really know the answer as the memories did not add up, as well as that it was the fact that the man looked like a space pirate with his eye-patch and leather outfit going on. If he was going to answer anyone’s questions he would answer a space pirate. He remembered falling and his name being called then it going black. Before then... well he could not see how the memories linked in any way, they jarred as if he had been somewhere else moments before being thrust into that nightmare.
“Well I was discussing with Rhodey over the phone who would win in a fight between Captain America and an angry grandmother with a walking stick.” This was the truth but it did not fit, had he blacked out? “Naturally the old lady would win as for one, have you ever seen a truly angry woman. It’s terrifying and I swear they get worst with age. Secondly I cannot actually see Captain America bludgeoning an old woman with his mighty shield, he’ll probably be like...” He paused for breath there before putting on a voice in some kind of mockery of Captain America’s and mimed holding a shield up to protect his face.
“Ma’am, can you stop please. Ma’am, please. I would prefer if you would stop hitting me, ma’am.” He grinned excitedly before violently miming hitting with a cane accidently pulling some wires loose from his body. Whoops. But he continued without a beat.
“All whilst the lady is going for it whacking her cane against the shield. Thud, thud, then suddenly the wooden cane splinters and a chunk manages to strike him across the cheek and thus the woman draws first blood.” He babbled on, growing increasingly animated by the battle he was envisioning in his head. The battle was a whole lot more comforting than thinking about the way his memory was screwed up.
“That’s a very fascinating battle I’m sure but after that please.” The man looked exasperated and as if he was trying not to throttle him, Tony was used to that but this man must have the patience of a saint not to have acted much upon it aside from his voice becoming more asserting.
“Oh. I fell. From the sky. But I’m remarkably unharmed therefore I’m pretty sure I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
tony stark is a little shit
Tony is a little shit
Teenage Tony Stark
Age Regression/De-Aging
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Stark is a Helpless Flirt
Crack Terrority
Attempt at Humor
attempt at fluff
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
De-Aged Tony Stark
Friendship Bracelets
Loki Does What He Wants
loki is a little shit
Tony Stark Swears like a Trooper
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Betrayal
Obadiah Stane is a precious little snowflake
Not.
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Clint likes to play Dad
The Avengers can be jerks
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
when it suits him
Explicit Language
Mild Language
Casual Use of Strong Language

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

