Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony wakes up warm and content, well-rested and relaxed, and it takes him a long, long moment to remember why. He might not have remembered at all, had half his warmth not suddenly vanish with the dip of the mattress and the chill of the room suddenly shivering along his bare back. 

He cracks an eye as someone pads quietly away and looks over his shoulder to see Clint silhouetted against the nightlight-lit bathroom for a moment before the door closes and a bar of light blooms under the bottom of the door. He blinks, because his mind is still caught in sleep, his memory sluggish in returning the events of the previous night.

“Oh,” he says softly. 

The warmth against his front stirs, soft and smooth, and Laura lifts her head from under his chin, squinting up at him in clear non-comprehension. And then her face just… 

glows 

with contentment, lighting up soft and happy. She makes a contented noise and burrows back down into her pillow, curling into his chest and sliding an arm around his ribs to spread her fingers against his shoulder blades. “G’morning,” she mumbles into his throat.

He has to swallow down the lump in his throat, because it's been forever since anyone's been that happy to see his face first thing on waking. “Hi,” he whispers back. His breath catches again, he shivers again, this time because she shifts her head to kiss under his jaw, soft and sweet, and his arms tighten involuntarily around her. “Laura…”

“Can I do this?” she murmurs, and his eyes slip closed as her hand ghosts up his spine to thread in his hair. “I'll stop if you're not comfortable.”

He squeezes his eyes closed, because as feather-light as she's being, it's waking a whole ball of things he's been suppressing and crushing down for over a year. “No,” he manages to get out. “No, this is...good.”

He feels her lips curve into a smile as she kisses his throat. “Okay,” she breathes. “Say no whenever you want.”

The toilet flushes and water runs, and he tenses, casts a nervous glance over his shoulder at the still-closed door. And then shudders when Laura noses down his collarbone and licks the hollow of his throat. 

“Relax,” she says softly, amused. “He'll be out in a minute.”

With a mind if their own, his hands start wandering over her bare shoulders and neck. “He's not going to mind?”

“He might grump that we started without him,” she says, shifting her legs to twine with his, and his breath stutters as her thigh gently nudges his apart, coming to rest just below the bottom hem of his boxers. “But no. He's not going to mind.”

That’s… a revelation. Tentatively, he tugs at the thick elastic keeping her hair back and pulls her ponytail loose, letting the silky strands fall over and through his fingers. She purrs and tilts her head back into his hand, eyes closed and smiling. “I always thought…” He trails off, licks his lips, frowns in concentration, because it’s decidedly difficult to form thoughts with Laura shifting her hips against him like she is. “I always thought he had a thing for girls.”

Laura laughs, soft and light. “Oh, Tony,” she says fondly, petting through his hair. “Clint has a thing for people. I don’t think gender really comes into it. But he, and I, are very picky about who we invite into our lives. Even pickier about who shares our bed.” She gently pulls his head down and lays a kiss on him, a serious sort of kiss, that steals his breath and his ability to think. Before he can convince himself it’s a terrible idea, or out of bounds, he pulls her tight and opens his mouth and kisses back until they’re both breathless and dazed. 

A hand touches his arm, warm and broad and callused, and the bed dips behind him as Clint slides back under the covers. And his first instinct is to jerk away from Laura, guilt striking like lightning through him. The hand instantly disappears from his arm, and Clint shifts his weight away from Tony’s back. “Sorry,” he says softly. “Shouldn’t have assumed. Carry on, you two. I’m more than happy to watch. Unless you’d rather be alone, in which case, I’m more than happy to use my imagination in the shower.”

“Idiots,” Laura mutters, 

Tony shakes his head slightly, can’t help but smile, because he can all but picture the waggling eyebrows over his shoulder. “I wasn’t expecting it,” he says, turns halfway onto his back to face Clint properly. Part of him is still waiting for the other shoe to drop, for one or the other to turn mean and vicious and spiteful, or for it all to be a long-played joke with a punchline as hard as a sledgehammer, but he finds the lump is back in his throat again, the hitch back in his breath, practically nose-to-nose with Clint, who’s on his side with his head propped on his arm, watching Tony steadily. 

“I don’t know how this works,” he says, unexpectedly and truthfully, blinks at little at his own honest confession. “I don’t know what you expect from me here.”

Clint’s eyes shift over his shoulder, and Laura presses into his s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Scott Lang & Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Past Relationship(s)
Developing Relationship
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Coitus Interruptus
The Avengers Need To Learn How To Knock
timing is everything
Post-Canon Fix-It
Forgiveness
Time heals all wounds
Awkward First Times
The Author Regrets Nothing
Aggressively Working Out My Feelings Through Fanfic
Polyfidelity
Adulting Like Champs
Snark
Angst
Fluff
Smut
Feels
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Humor
Seriously It's All Here Now
Miscommunication
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark Has Issues
Adults Are Dumb
Cooper and Lila Will Fix It
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Scott Lang is a Good Bro
Threesome - F/M/M
What Is Seen Cannot Be Unseen

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Scott Lang & Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

