Chapter 1: On the Run
    




Chapter Text

13 June, Friday, 2003

Mission Objective: European recognition and elevation of listed creatures (centaurs, ghosts, goblins, house elves, merpeople, werewolves) to status of personhood


Auror

: Zabini, Blaise (Assistant of the Assistant of the Minister of Magic)
Squished, under the name was:
I’m not an Auror, why do I need to fill these out?

Recommended Course of Action: Change “creature” status of aforementioned species to “being” status. Continuation of “creature” status perpetuates degradation of. Problem: centaurs, goblins, elves, merpeople all unwilling. Send ambassadors to populations to convince, but peacefully.
Underneath, squished again but in a clear hand:
Just send Potter, he’ll either charm them or they’ll like him through Stockholm Syndrome. Win-win.
Harry wrote, in the margin, Fuck you too, Zabini.
Full Report: 

Centaurs reject wizard human-related contact and practices. Negotiation (Aurors Abbott (Hannah), Bones (Susan), and Smith (Zacharias)) unsuccessful. Aurors report threats of physical and sexual violence towards selves and future negotiators (see Prisoner #102’s file, Umbridge, Dolores, for example of centaur sexual assault against humans). Recommend: Cease attempts of treaty with centaurs until leverage is gained, otherwise risk of violence against humans and could cause violence within centaur society. 

Goblins reject rights given in negotiations as “unsatisfactory.” Demand (1) full possession of all goblin-made objects in possession of wizards, including wizarding money, (2) reparations for past goblin wars, and (3) for Harry James Potter to face trials and tribulations for breaking into Gringotts and releasing a dragon. Rejection of amendments; (1) would result in full economic collapse of wizarding world. (2) impossible if (1) is fulfilled. Even without fulfilment of (1), (2) would be impossible to fulfill. (3) Out-right refusal to hand over saviour of the wizarding world.
In the margin, next to the response to number three, is:
You seriously rode out of Gringotts on a DRAGON, Potter? I thought that was an embellishment.
Continued in the document:
Elves reject freedom and are terrified of it. Problem: they need something to do. Allow elves to take jobs, useful ones; healing, enchantments, reconstruction, restaurant-owning. Provide avenues other than serving.

Merpeople accepting of alliance, but wish to remain neutral and distant. Recommend: Accept. Further negotiation at later date. Negotiate: review positives of relationship with wizards (how it will benefit them), and suggest small increments to begin, that will allow wizards and merpeople to exchange beneficial knowledge. Important: Do not push merpeople into hostility. Respect boundaries.

Additional Notes:

Werewolves are being killed. Deaths appear caused by muggle means (e.g. silver bullets, decapitation by swords/axes). Suggest negotiations with Prime Minister. Suspected: Her Majesty’s Forces. If so, cannot harm killers. If not, suggest independent actors. Negotiate to our forces. 

Ultimate goal is for all of Europe to recognize these species of “creature” status as “beings” instead. That said, only a few magical communities are like-minded. France, Spain, Italy, most of the former Yugoslavia are unwilling to negotiate – 
“Harry!” Hermione hissed to accompany the sudden elbow to Harry’s side.“Ow, Hermione,” said Harry, discretely rubbing his side. Hermione rolled her eyes, not buying it for a bit. Pity. Harry was hoping for some form of sympathy; it was the only way he might survive through this meeting. He couldn’t remember what it was on, only that he couldn’t listen to it without wanting to sleep. (Honestly, these meetings were worse than Bins’ classes ever were.) Zabini’s report were much more interesting (and important, besides) in any case.Not that Harry could do anything about the problems in the report.Hermione sighed, and turned her focus away from Harry.Harry continued reading the last sentence of the report.
-- unwilling to negotiate adding the aforementioned species to status of “being,” and therefore adding them influence in the politics of wizards (see Foreign Policy Country Files). 
Hermione has those files. Harry wouldn’t get to see them.Their relationship with other magical communities was strained at best. Magical Britain hadn’t really been the most popular kid at the playground in the past few decades. Its inward focus for the First War caused enough damage, and the reparations that were attempted before Voldemort rose the second time were annihilated through Fudge’s subpar attempts of keeping power.Scrimgeour had been a mild improvement, but he had been concerned mostly on the affairs of his own government and people. Exports had diminished to almost nothing; when Voldemort had taken over, other countries had barred British wizards from crossing into their borders. It wouldn’t have worked for very long if Harry hadn’t killed Voldemort because most of the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Madison/Sam Winchester
Harry Potter/Blaise Zabini

freeform: 
Supernatural/Harry Potter
Master of Death!Harry
Mentions of Rape
Canonical Character Death
Implied Incest
Implied or Off-stage Rape/Non-con
Implied Torture
Implied Character Death
Implied Underage
Implied Past Child Abuse
Implied Child Abuse
Canonical Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Mental Health Issues
Murder
Torture
Drug Use
Drug Addiction
of demon blood
all of the issues that go with Supernatural
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Blasphemy
Slow Build
some world building
Timeline What Timeline
I am not kidding
John Winchester's A+ Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
Dursley's A+ Parenting
Queer Characters

fandom: 
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Madison/Sam Winchester
Harry Potter/Blaise Zabini

