Work Text:


I.
Tony had been expecting the Asgard invite to run along the same lines as SHIELD's had: a token tour around the premises and then straight into a lab. He hadn't expected the crowds of curious onlookers, splendidly dressed in Lord of the Fucking Rings get-ups, the cheering, the Red Carpet of Forever, and the Throne Room of Blinding Doom. Seriously. Either the Asgardians had figured out how to transmute gold, or Tony was standing in a chamber that was worth way more than even the Stark family fortune.Awkward.At least he had remembered to dress up a little after packing for this offworld trip, but on hindsight maybe he should just have borrowed some of the other kids' drama class gear. Blazers and dress shirts just wasn't going to cut it. Thor smiled warmly at Tony as they made their way down the endless red carpet, and normally that would have been enough to make Tony weak in the knees, but whoah. Thor's Dad - Odin the All-Father, according to Wikipedia - was right there, on a blazingly golden throne that was probably the wet dream of any self-respecting absolute ruler, and beside him was Thor's Mom, the Lady Frigg, queenly and poised. Okay. He could do this. He was not going to freak out.The crowd's murmuring rose to a crescendo for a moment before it was cut to silence by a raised palm from Odin. "My son. You have brought a guest?"Thor inclined his head. "This day was written in the Old Stone, Father, written in the bones of our lands. The wyrm has begun to turn."Another murmur surged through the crowds, but Odin straightened up sharply, with a cold, "Silence," that cut through the whispers like a knife. Fixing Thor with his single eye, he asked, flatly, "Do you understand what you have named, Thor?""I do, Father." Tony flinched when Thor pressed one big palm on his shoulder, managing to stifle a squeak of surprise, focused as he was on studying the room. "Show them your mantle." "Here? Indoors?" At Thor's nod, Tony shot Odin an anxious glance, then grit his teeth and straightened up, holding up his palms. He could feel the storm gathering, on the edge of his consciousness, but instead of the instant connection that he was used to, back on Earth, there was a severance, somehow, as though he was behind a wall, battering at it. Beyond, the storm was an alien thing, vast, far older somehow, different; it heard him, watched him, but it would not come. Shutting his eyes, Tony bent his will to it, clenching his hands, willing it to come to him, to sweep him up in the heft of its winds, to drop lightning into his palms. The alien storm gathered closer, closer yet, but it wasn't listening, he was sweating and-Fingers tightened firmly over his shoulder. "Enough." Tony let out a harsh gasp as he snapped open his eyes, blinking sharply. "I don't understand, I could feel it there, but it wouldn't listen to me, I-""Stormchild," Odin was rising from the throne, again cutting the anxious whispers from the crowd into silence, and he descended, padding towards them. Tony clenched his hands at his sides and forced himself to stand his ground, staying silent even as the old man… God… alien… looked him curtly over, then glanced back over to Thor. "This troubles me, Thor. I had not foreseen it, not so soon.""Change is not our enemy.""Aye, perhaps. But for the first time since Mjolnir awoke in your hand the skies of Asgard have turned to iron." Tony snuck a quick peek past the vast arches over the balcony beyond the crowds, that looked out over the gleaming city of spires and towers, and saw that Odin was right - above, pressed as though held fast beyond a glass dome, were the roiling gunmetal clouds of the alien storm, its impenetrable bulk occasionally flashing bright with lightning. There was fear in the crowd, Tony realized belatedly, as the whispers grew louder; the drawn faces glancing quickly between Tony and themselves were pale with fear and tension. What the hell had he gotten himself into now? And it had only been half an hour or so, give or take interstellar travel. Rogue would be so proud. "But this day was written.""Aye." Odin breathed out heavily. "I must think on this. Welcome to Asgard regardless, Stormchild. Perhaps we will speak again."The tone of dismissal was clear, and Thor inclined his head before leading Tony back down the Endless Red Carpet. Tony tried not to make it seem too obvious how he was keeping nervously close to Thor, up until he was taken up a winding stair away from the crowds, to an upper chamber with a ring of couches around a table heavy with plates of unidentifiable fruit. Too unnerved to investigate, Tony rounded on Thor, frowning. "What the fuck was that all about?"Unperturbed, Thor had sprawled over the nearest couch, grinning and golden and gorgeous, but even as Tony's libido made a concerted effort to regain control of his brainspace, beyond the wide balcony and high above, the alien storm waited as a pointed reminder. Watching, Tony thought, and shivered. The storm on E
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
A continuation to That Fic where Tony Stark has Storm's powers
And Thor is annoyingly presumptuous
Baby!Tony has a streak of insecurity as wide as Saturn
and he is so not interested in being a Princess of anything
Alternate Universe
Slash
Age Difference
Orgasm Delay/Denial

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

