Work Text:
Even before he understood why, he always dreamed of snow and ice and falling, the echo of an anguished cry echoing in the distance. For years, that cry had made no sense, had been in the shape of a word that he had long forgotten was his name, but it had been a sound that haunted him into wakefulness, that made him ache in a place he hadn't understood.
Looking back, Bucky knew why he hadn't understood then -- the Winter Soldier, after all, hadn't had any idea of what a heart was.
For twenty years, that had been all he had been: the Winter Soldier, a man made of nothing but his reflex memories and the programming the Soviets had tortured into his head. His life had been missions and deep freezes and more missions, death and blood and utter indifference to it all. If there was anything that he missed from those years of being a deadly puppet of a deadly regime, it was the ice-smoothness of his emotions, the lack of remorse or regret or want of any kind. 
He still didn't like to think about how many missions he had done, how many kills he had had added to his bloody list as the Winter Soldier; the number was one that haunted him almost as much as that anguished cry had -- and still did -- an echo of things he could never get back. His innocence, for one, and his peace of mind, and his trust in himself. And while Bucky Barnes might've had a heart where the Winter Soldier hadn't, it didn't do Bucky any good, not when it remained the most painful wound he carried.
It still amazed him that he had ever been freed at all, so complete was the hold the Soviets had had on his mind, so blank was he to what he had been before. Then had come a day in 1964 and a target in New York, and he had looked through his scope at a man with too-blue eyes and something in him had snapped. The illusion of the Winter Soldier had shattered, leaving behind nothing but broken pieces that he had had no way of knowing how to fit back together.
Bucky, when he thought on it now, wasn't sure if it was a blessing or curse that he hadn't remembered who he had been as soon as the Winter Soldier programming had worn off. He'd been struck dumb, almost as blank a slate as he had been when the Russians had started their work on him, with nothing but the overwhelming knowledge that whatever he needed to be doing, it wasn't killing people with a sniper rifle. He'd left everything he could behind on that hill, outside of that stately manor, and had never looked back.
By some invisible pull, he had ended up in New York City, in Brooklyn, making his way thanks to the little money he had found in his pockets and the ID he had found there. It hadn't taken but a few days for his handlers' extraction agents to find him and try to bring him down, but the reflex memory that had doomed him into service had saved him that day. He had lost them and vowed to continue to do so, even when he didn't know why they wanted him. Nameless and without a past, he had still known that they had wanted him for something very, very bad.
In those years of nothingness, Bucky had tried on a variety of names and occupations, always on the move, chased by ghost of enemies that he worried gave chase. He farmed tobacco in the south, and then worked the river, farther west; there were times spent on trains and in big cities, where he could always find something to do for a few bucks and a handful of cigarettes. He spent one summer in Texas, on a ranch, grateful at the feel of the hot sun soaking into his skin every day while the other cowboys bitched and moaned about the heat. He felt like he'd been frozen for so long that he'd never been warm enough ever again.
There were nightmares in those years, snatches of memories that floated up whenever he had least expected it, flashes of things he hadn't let himself trust. There had been one face that showed up most frequently, sometimes thin and pale and sickly, sometimes strong and square, sometimes covered in dirt and blood, but it was a face that Bucky had thought he knew better than he knew his own. Still, his mind had remained the thing he trusted the least and he hadn't let himself believe in it or in the voice he sometimes heard with that face, the one that made him ache and yet made something inside him fill with brightness.
And then Bucky was, of all things, tending bar in Chicago in the summer of 1965 when someone had decided that maybe a little patriotism could stem the tide of unrest coming out of Bronzeville, and an old Captain America retrospective had started showing at a theater near the bar where he worked. He -- or rather, Smithy, as he had been calling himself then -- had had little interest in a bunch of old movies but the name that struck on something inside him, a resonance that sent ripples through the mostly-still surface of his past. So he'd his dollar and sat himself down for a few hours of thinly-veiled propaganda, looking forward to a beer before he reported for work later that evening. Then the film had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Pining
Bucky Barnes Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

