Work Text:
The plan is ridiculous, and it makes him feel a fool, but all of SHIELD and apparently most of the law enforcement branches in New York are in a complete uproar over rumors that there’s a Russian assassin in town. There’s been one Russian businessman found with his brains smeared across the hotel room wall, the poisoned CEO of an American firm competing with Russian interests to supply engine parts, and a suspiciously unsuspicious accident involving a visiting Saudi scientist. People talk about a man who might be a myth, who is at least a legend – impossibly old, impossibly elusive, impossibly good. Maybe just plain impossible. From what he can tell, the Winter Soldier is little more than a ghost story, but Sitwell and Fury seem to be taking it seriously. Even Natasha seems antsy, and it was probably that as much as anything that persuaded him, even if he’s regretting it now. They cut his hair and made him stop shaving for a couple of days, and his head is cold and weirdly sticky with whatever they used to make it stick up like that and his face is itchy. He is wearing denims that are far too tight over his butt and cling to his crotch. His jacket has entirely too many zippers that don’t actually do anything. The entire team was, naturally, waiting for him when he came out of the office where he was being put into his costume, because apparently humiliation is part of the team bonding experience in the twenty first century. Tony had wolf whistled and waggled his eyebrows in a manner that was probably intended to be lecherous, but really only managed to be comical. Clint and even Bruce had gotten a little raucous. Natasha had ignored them all and walked around him frowning. “Don’t stand so straight. You should have a little slouch, a little swagger.”And, OK, he’d never done it, but he knew what she meant. It was the way Bucky had always held himself, shoulders down a little, walking from the hips. He took a deep breath and pictured Bucky grinning like a cocky punk, tried not to let it hurt, and let himself settle into it.Natasha smiled in approval. Tony announced to everyone that he would ‘hit that’. Thor smiled and assured him that he looked very fine. “I still don’t understand why it has to be me,” he complained again, even though they’d been through it a dozen times before.Natasha, in her infinite patience, didn’t even roll her eyes. “Because the Winter Soldier usually sets himself up with a boyfriend when he’s establishing his cover. We’d send in Jasper, but he has a type. Or rather, two types.”“Wait.” He hadn’t heard this part before. “Sitwell?” The man was pleasant enough, and smart as a whip, but he didn’t seem the honeytrap type.“Don’t let the mild-mannered paper-pusher act fool you. It’s a clever disguise, and beneath it lurks a smoking hottie.”Even Tony looked a little boggled by this.“But since there is no one here who is blond, short and slight, and also in any way qualified to deal with someone as dangerous as the Winter Soldier,” she continued, “we’re going for tall and stacked. And—“ she continued over the interjection she knew was coming, “Thor is even more poorly suited to undercover work than you are. Which you knew before you suggested it the first time, so stop trying to wiggle out of it. Steve,” she’d said seriously, holding him by the arms, “he’s dangerous and he needs to be stopped. This is the closest we’ve ever got to him, and you’re our best shot at this.”At least the bike they gave him is a beauty. So he parks the bike outside and swaggers into the fancy bar they’ve identified as a possible location for this Winter Soldier fella, as dramatic an entrance as he can manage, which is fairly impressive if he says so himself. The USO girls had taught him all sorts of things about stagecraft that he’d never thought would be useful again, but were turning out real handy in this new world where everything was about image and appearance. And of course there’s only one person in the bar who could possibly the man he’s looking for. Impossible, it turns out, is the word. Their eyes catch for the barest of moments and then he heads straight to the bar where he orders a triple bourbon with no ice. It won’t do anything for him after it hits his belly, but he’s hoping that the smooth burn of it going down his throat will help him focus, because for all he wants to shout and hit things, he has a job to do.”Make him come to you,” he hears Natasha’s voice repeat from the briefing. He orders another drink, takes this one slower, savors the warmth of it against the wash of ice that’s settling around his spine. Bucky.“You look like a man having a bad day,” Bucky’s voice says, just like he remembers it, the drawl pure Brooklyn.The hell with his cover story. He’ll never remember it anyway and this — well, the best lies are always founded in the truth, aren’t they. “My friend died. Only then it turned out he didn’t die at all, and I just thought he did.” He doesn’t look up.“Man,” says the man who 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Undercover
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

