Chapter 1: The Perks of Flirting
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The man was a dream to look at — small frame, long limbs, perfect smooth skin, and topped with crazy brown hair that clearly defied attempts to manage it. His features were smooth and his fingers delicate; one would almost use the term feminine if not for how distinctly masculine his body was. He was one step away from being androgynous, and he rocked that. He was sex on a stick.
 Not to mention dat ass. 
Grabbing another random snack from the aisles, Wade made his way to the counter with his purchases. The perfect specimen of a man in question worked the register at a corner quick mart. Wade had found him by accident one night and had been coming back ever since.Often, Wade traveled from spot to spot, never frequenting the same stores more than he had to. Eventually, he would move cities all together. New York City had a lot of places to go, so he figured he could at least be in one place for a while. Best of all, with so many people in the city, surely he wasn’t on the bottom of the totem pole when it came to looks.Wade’s skin had been ravaged by a fire while he served in the military. Though they had paid to reconstruct his face, skin graft as much as possible, and laser treat all the scar tissue that covered him head to toe, he still looked like something out of a horror flick. That bothered a lot of people, and they were always uncomfortable or scared around him. However, Peter hadn’t even flinched. He had taken things in stride, smiled so genuinely, and responded to Wade’s rambling mouth with ease. The second time Wade came to the store and flirted, Peter hadn’t seemed to mind and just quipped right back. From that point on, Wade was in love.“Mr. Wilson.” Peter gave one of his genuine smiles that the other customers didn’t get to see. It was wide, slightly dorky, and 100% adorable. “How are you tonight?”“Oh, Petey-pie! It’s been a terrible night. I had to come see your glorious face in order to cheer myself up.”Peter had long ago stopped blushing at Wade’s never ending slew of compliments, but his smile did take on a bit of a shy tinge. “Well, I’m glad my store gives you everything you need in order to pursue happiness — mountain of snacks included,” he easily replied as he rang up the items.“The doritos here taste the best. It must be your influence.”“Actually, those are stocked by Juan on first shift, so I’ll send along your compliments.”“Please do. Tell him his fingers are magic.”Peter laughed as he pulled out a bag to fill with the items. “Do you need anything else tonight?”“Hmm, that depends. Do I need condoms or no?” Wade gave Peter a downright lecherous look.This had been a thing between them for a while, and Peter would always politely turn Wade down, no longer taking it seriously. Though Wade was entirely serious, he was a patient man, and Peter was a man on guard. Wade was content to whittle down this perfect specimen’s defenses until he could score a date.“Do  you?” Peter asked. “From your statement earlier, I thought the date had gone south.”Wade dramatically slapped a hand over his heart. “You wound me! You know my love is only for you, my prince.”“Prince of the quick mart? Noble ruler of third shift?”“The most beautiful man in all the land.”“Who requires a tithe of $36.17 for your goods.”Wade dropped two twenty dollar bills on the table. “Keep the change.” Frankly, Wade would have showered Peter in riches, but the man was too proud to take it. So he settled on leaving enough for Peter to buy a drink if he wanted it. That was as much as he would accept.Peter rolled his eyes but, thankfully, didn’t say anything. Arguing the point with Wade was a long and drawn out ordeal, Wade had made sure of it. When he went to take the bag of snacks, he let his fingers stray over Peter’s, feeling the warmth that the man radiated. At first, Peter had firmly pulled away from Wade’s touch, but lately, he lingered. It made Wade’s heart flutter.Since there was nobody else in the store, Wade decided to stay a little longer as he played with the handles of his plastic bag. “So have you developed any more pictures?”“Not yet.” Peter’s face lit up like it usually did when discussing photography. “I have a few shots I want to include, and I haven’t had the time yet to go to the locations.”“You know if you ever want to photograph me like one of your French girls, you only need ask.” Wade dramatically waggled his hairless eyebrows.Peter chuckled. “I’m more of an outdoor action shot kind of person.”“Kinky,” Wade got in while Peter ignored him to continue talking.“I plan on stopping by the skate park to take some shots there.”“Do you skateboard?”“I used to a lot in high school.” Peter shrugged.“That’s so adorable!” Wade swooned.As Peter was chuckling, the door chimed, indicating more customers. The flow of patrons was slow but steady during night shift. Wade ignored them, intending to get his f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Explicit Sexual Content
Fluff and Angst
Smut
intersex!Peter
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Spideypool - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort
Intersex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

