Work Text:
The place was a desolate wasteland of endless ice fields and razor-sharp rocks like spots of rot where they poked out of the snow. The night sky above Jötunheimr gaped over the realm like a hungry maw, black and bottomless save for the blood-red moon that hung low in the horizon.

Thor lifted his hand to cover his face from the gusty winds as he waded forward in knee-deep snow. His fingers and toes were close to numb, and the road he’d travelled was quickly getting lost behind a veil of snow, but the possibility of going back empty-handed and losing his bet with Siggeir was simply unacceptable. He’d spent an entire month boasting about marching into Jötunheimr and felling a giant as if it were no great effort at all, and he’d dig through permafrost to find one if that’s what it took to spare himself from the shame of failure.

Another hour of trekking through the snow found him deeper in enemy territory, but he was no closer to reaching his goal, and he felt cheated as his childhood stories of trolls and hulking bears and palaces made of ice began to look more and more like falsehoods, for no living soul seemed to inhabit this dead world. Perhaps he’d taken a wrong turn and ended up in Niflheimr instead?

He thought of Heimdall and his all-seeing gaze, and the fact that Thor was meant to be on Midgard, helping the farmers to water their crops and build new homesteads. If the gatekeeper discovered that Thor had crossed the border and entered Jötunheimr without the Allfather's consent, his chances of slaying a frost giant would go from slim to nonexistent.
Perhaps the best way to find himself something to kill was a good, old-fashioned threat Thor thought, wrapping his hand around Mjöllnir’s hilt and lifting the hammer from his belt as he announced his presence to whoever might hear him."I am Thor of the Æsir and I mean to slay any frost giant who dares to cross my path!"

His threat was swallowed by the howling winds, and he repeated himself until he was too embarrassed to continue shouting, quite certain no living soul had heard him.

He lowered his hammer, giving the snow at his feet a frustrated kick when the wind finally carried an answer.

"You've come a long way to die, Ása-Thor."

Thor looked up, his mouth splitting into a broad grin. Perhaps he'd get to slay a giant after all!

He brandished his hammer and got ready to find his prey when a blinding cloud of snow fell on his head from the ledge above. Thor let out a surprised yelp at the sudden heavy weight that settled on his back.

“Umpf!”

He thrashed and spun around as long blue limbs wrapped around his body, but a sharp sting of ice against his jugular had him freeze in place.

The blade left a shallow cut on his skin and he shattered it with a light knock from Mjöllnir, watching as the shards disappeared into the wind. His assailant snarled, taken aback by the sudden loss of their weapon, and Thor used the opportunity to finally shake them off.

The creature fell down with a soft thump, and Thor whirled around, the hammer in his hand spitting out a few sparks of lightning.

“I hope you’re prepared to die for that-“

Shock and disappointment dimmed his battle lust when Thor laid his eyes upon the tiny frostling in front of him. He stared as it… he… stumbled back to his feet, so small in size that one would not call him a giant even as a jest. Thor lowered his hammer, for there was no honor in slaying a mere child.

Child or not, the frostling was not giving up, rushing at Thor and climbing up his body. There was a surprising amount of strength in his limbs as he wrapped them around Thor’s waist and neck, his red eyes burning with unrelenting rage, spidery fingers grabbing at Thor's cloak to rip it right off his body.

Thor tried to knock the jötunn off his back with Mjöllnir, but the creature was nimble enough to avoid every swing. Thor heard him click his tongue in a strange pattern and saw a furry rat-like creature jump out of a nearby snowbank. It weaseled its way up Thor's leg and he howled in pain as he felt it bite into his exposed wrist. He lost his grip on Mjöllnir and the hammer landed on the ground with a heavy thump. Thor let out a horrified shriek when he felt the vermin slip in through his sleeve and sink its teeth into the soft skin above his elbow."Stop! Stop! That's enough, you little beast!"

The jötunn wrapped his thighs tighter around Thor's waist, the look in his eyes offended. "What did you call me?" he growled in his thick jötunn accent, revealing a sharp set of white teeth. "A beast, am I?"

"No- not you!" Thor yelped as a blur of white fur wriggled out through the collar of his tunic and wrapped around his neck. "I meant your rat or whatever this creature might be. Call him off! He's going to gnaw my ear off."

The jötunn looked pleased, his smile growing wider still as the furry pest began to nibble at Thor's ear.

"Call him off? I think not. In fact, I think I'll have him take your eyes as well as your ears."


[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Biology (Marvel)
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

