Chapter 1: Two minds think alike
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
.........
TO
.........
On a bright morning in early summer the Realm Eternal was in an unusually festive mood; it was decked in flowers and banners, filled with noises and smells of a banquet, as if to celebrate the victorious end of a long war. Everywhere people talked excitedly, dressed in their finest fabrics, trying their hardest to catch a glimpse of the royal family. And in a shadowy hall, only one door away from the throne room, stood the Mighty Thor, Prince of Asgard, nervously tapping his feet.
This was it. The great day. His day.
No more wretched waiting, no more lessons in statesmanship, no more decisions made over his head. From this day on he would be the one to decide, to rule.
Since his early boyhood when he - with rapt attention - had listened to his father tell of glorious battles fought against cruel enemies, Thor had dreamed of becoming just like him, to lead his people to victory, to make his realm prosper. There was no honour greater than this.
So why could he not calm his racing heart?
"'Tis all right to be nervous, Brother."
Startled Thor looked to his right, not having noticed anyone enter the hall after him.
Smiling young Baldr motioned with one hand to the still tapping feet, which at that gesture immediately stopped in their movement.
With as much dignity as he could muster the older prince turned around to the other, fully prepared to deny any weakness, but then thought better of it. As often as he had tried he had never succeeded in deceiving his brother. More than once Thor had wondered if Baldr possessed a magical ability which allowed him to sense peoples' emotions, but their mother had assured him just as often that the boy was simply very perceptive.
He could not ever be fully convinced of that but it made no matter because Baldr had too good a heart to ever use a gift like this for ill. Maybe it could even come as a blessing in battle when he was of an age to join the ranks of the realm's finest warriors.
"It is not the ceremony that has me nervous, Brother," Thor finally answered after he had put his thoughts in order again. "It is the waiting. We were told to be here at the break of day. I could have walked the entire palace grounds in the time that I have been left standing here. Why is this taking so long?"
He was trying his hardest to rein in his anger at the thought that he was treated like a mere peasant seeking audience with the king. As always, it would only lead to a lecture that his brother had remembered word for word from one of his tutors - old foolish men who had taught him the very same lessons centuries ago. Baldr had the uncanny ability to make these lectures sound reasonable, however, and make Thor look like a fool in turn, so he did his best to behave like a proper prince.
"I am sure Father will call for it to begin very soon. You cannot fault him for making certain everything is in order first, can you? We all want this to be the perfect day, you know that."
At that Thor could not help but smile. People had always remarked that he wore his feelings freely on his face, but there was no one more open-hearted than his little brother. The look in Baldr's eyes was pure happiness, and he had to remind himself that the younger prince had been looking forward to this day almost as much as the older one had. Since the coronation's announcement half a year past he had heard assurances of loyalty and fealty from all sides, but none had come as welcome as his brother's insistence that once he was of age he would wield Mjölnir and with her fight at his king's side. He should thank the Norns every day for a brother like this, who was a true support and the very best of friends. 
Soon Baldr would be old enough for his first battle training and to wear his own armour, but for now he wore the simple garments of a noble. Though even in his cream white tunic and with his long blond hair falling over his shoulders the young prince looked a proper warrior: determined, proud and as always confident. If there was one thing Thor had a reason to envy his brother for it was his unwavering optimism.
To him there were thousands of little things that could go wrong today: enemies could choose this day to attack, the crowd could refuse to cheer him on, the Allfather could change his mind. For Baldr it would all go as planned because he believed his brother had not done anything to deserve otherwise. There was no point in trying to change his mind so Thor did nothing of the sort, and not only for the sake of anmity, but because he wholeheartedly agreed with the thought.
He did deserve this.
All the quests he - often together with the Lady Sif and the Warriors Three - had undertaken, the foes he had vanquished, it had all been for this. There was no worthier fighter than him, no better man who could follow in the great king's footsteps, everyone agreed.
Thus b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Frigga/Odin
Fárbauti/Laufey

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Norse Religion & Lore
Jötunn Loki
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
or are they?
Worldbuilding
Fantastic Racism
Sexism
Politics
Religion
Actucally Not Too Bad Parenting
POV Alternating
Flashbacks
A Boatload of Knives
Thor is a bigot
Loki Is a Grumpy Cat
Odin is a bastard
Thor Needs a Hug
Loki Needs a Hug
Darcy Gives Free Hugs
Characters Swear Like (Viking) Sailors
so does the author
Additional Warnings In Author's Note

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Frigga/Odin
Fárbauti/Laufey

