Work Text:
There are, frankly, a lot of things to like about the future. Cellphones are pretty close to the top of Bucky’s list, if he’s being honest. The internet at your fingertips. Texting. Ordering a pizza with nothing but three taps of your finger. And that’s before you even get into the dating apps.Oh, it’s not- fuck, he’s not, like,  ready to date, or anything, at least not with civilians. Bucky’s not even really sure what he wants, actually. He’s probably still too fucked up to try anything in person. But he’s got a lot of time on his hands, nowadays, and a cellphone, and a whole lot of curiosity about everything two thousand-sixteen has to offer when it comes to people looking to talk dirty and send him pictures of their abs.He gets a lot of pictures of abs, and a  whole lot of pictures of dicks. Even accounting for variation and the number of assholes that seem to populate Grindr, it’s a good time. Sure helps with figuring out some things, anyway. God bless the twenty-first century.“Everyone’s always on their phones, these days,” Steve complains one evening, “nobody  talks to each other anymore, have you noticed that? The kids are all playing Pokemon, or whatever,” and Bucky looks up from his screen, makes silent eye contact with Sam. Rolls his eyes, minutely, and sees Sam’s expression shift from impassive to silent amusement.“Yeah, okay, pops,” Sam tells Steve, “you wanna try a bit harder to act your age? I don’t think you’ve mentioned your dicky hip yet today. Need me to fetch your walking frame?” That gets Bucky laughing out loud, unexpected, and when Sam glances back at him, his eyes are bright with the shared joke.“Is that what you’re doing, glued to your phone all damn day?” Sam asks him a couple minutes later. “Pokemon?”“Yeah,” Bucky says. Looks at the text he’s just received.  yeah, baby, show me that thick dick, I can’t wait to see it. “Sure. Pokemon.”“Right,” Sam says, obviously disbelieving. “What team are you on?”“Valor,” Bucky tells him, because it’s  real fuckin’ easy and kind of fun too to call Sam Wilson’s bluff. “Why, you wanna defend a gym with me, or something?”“Nah, I’m cool,” Sam shrugs, “if we both start Steve’s gonna expire from outrage,” and ain’t that the truth, so Bucky lets Sam take point on distracting Steve while he slopes off to his bedroom and tries to figure out how to take a good photo of his dick without including the whole  metal arm situation in the frame.About a minute after sending the text (you like what you see, sweetheart?) his phone vibrates. Bucky yawns, idly palms his dick and reaches for his phone. Types in his passcode, settles in for a good old-fashioned night of twenty-first century sexting while giving away no identifiable information about himself.
 why the fuck did you text me a picture of your dick, Barnes 
Oh no.Oh  no.Oh  fucking Christ, no. holy shit i am so sorry, he sends hurriedly,  wrong number i swear to god, and waits for the fall. Thirty seconds later his phone buzzes again. Sam, again.
 seriously dude how on earth do you send a dick pic to a wrong number 
Whatever. Bucky’s just gonna have to admit to it. been talking to this guy whose name is Will. i thought my phone populated contacts by alphabetical order. turns out it’s most commonly texted.  He thinks about it. Sends another text.  we don’t have to talk about it or mention it ever again. for the love of god please don’t tell Steve.  no, man, we’re cool, Sam replies, and Bucky feels himself breathe, relax back a little against his pillows. thanks, he types in. Thinks about what else to add, and while he’s hesitating, another text comes through from Sam.
 you know, not that I’m criticizing or anything, but you can do better than that pic, Barnes. 
Bucky deletes what he’s typed.  what do you mean, he asks instead, equal parts ticked off and curious.
 it’s not just about the dick, right, it’s about the lighting and angles. your fucking pose. don’t just yank your sweats down and snap a photo. you gotta make them want it. 
 uh huh, Bucky says, not sure this isn’t some kind of elaborate joke.
 no, I’m serious. look, try it again. 
Bucky stares at his phone, and blinks, and stares some more, as if maybe Sam’s most recent text will have transformed into something more reasonable in the interim. It hasn’t.  Try it again, Sam’s telling him, and traitorous, Bucky feels his dick begin to get hard again at the idea of it. really? he asks.
 yeah. fuck it, try this. lift up your t-shirt, push down your sweats so they're out of frame, arch your hips a bit. i bet you've got ridiculous abs, right, you supersoldiers are so fucking jacked. 
It seems like a simple enough instruction to follow. Bucky strokes his dick, wiggles his pants down around his thighs, pulls up his shirt. Snaps a shot. Yeah, okay, it is better than the last attempt. this meet your high expectations? he asks. not bad. try taking one with your hand in it. turn off your overhead light, you'll get nicer shadows with just your bedside l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Sexting
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Let Bucky Barnes Feel Good About Himself 2k16

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

