Work Text:
 riptide (ˈrɪpˌtaɪd)
noun
A stretch of turbulent water in the sea, caused by the meeting of currents or abrupt changes in depth 
"Family, stability... The guy who wanted all that went in the ice 75 years ago. I think someone else came out."
  
The call comes late at night, or early in the morning, depending on your point of view. It takes Steve a few tries to locate his phone on the night stand, clumsily wiping to answer and drag the phone to his ear. The voice on the other side is tinny.“Rogers?”“Uhh, hu.”“It’s Sharon. I need you to come in.”Steve rolls onto his back, eyes still closed, listening to the static on the line.“Do you know what time it is?”“It’s three forty-five, just get into the black site now. We have him.”His eyes blink open in the near darkness of his room. Steve doesn’t have to ask who she means.At first, it had been just him and Sam. Following a breadcrumb trail of horrors through the north east and into Canada. SHIELD has been rebuilding, covert cluster cells, near-on autonomous and deadly, taking out Hydra bases and hunting turn-coat agents. The first months had been a bloodbath. Steve hadn’t been around for that. Hadn’t wanted to be.Bucky’s trail had gone cold eight months after insight in the Saskatchewan wilderness and slowly the Avengers had started taking more and more of his time. After Sokovia it had become near on impossible to follow his self-appointed mission of finding Bucky. So he’d asked for help.Sharon and strike team delta had, surprisingly, been more than happy to help. All of them had their own needs for revenge and retribution towards Hydra, and capturing the legendary Winter Soldier would put a feather in anyone’s cap.He had made sure that they all knew what had happened to Bucky, had seen the chair and the five hours of footage that remained of the Winter Soldier processing guidelines. Made sure they understood it was a rescue mission.He dresses in the dark and drives through the back roads, headlights cutting through the early morning fog.Sharon comes to meet him at the entrance. A nondescript lobby of a water waste treatment facility in the middle of nowhere that is currently functioning as the SHIELD black site for the Northeast.She smells flat like usual. Steve’s now gotten used to the suppressed smell of her and slowly getting used to the idea of Omegas that don’t smell like Omegas at all, who don’t want to. There are quite a few of them at SHIELD, more and more as he is finding out. Hiding in plain site.When Sharon was still his neighbor she had a sweet, gentle omega scent but it changed after Insight. He’d asked her afterward, knowing it was rude, but he was too curious. Still new to the customs of this century.“Sweet little nurse omegas don’t use suppressants. Might put big Alpha suitors off.”A bitter twist to her lips and Steve had felt like there had been an insult buried somewhere in crook of her mouth and bitter words.“Had to stop the suppressants to keep my cover. Never fucking taking undercover ops again.”In his time an Omega would have never covered their scent, it was prized and protected. A family would celebrate children presenting as an Omega with sweet cakes and flowers, the bride-price often enough to lift families out of poverty even in his part of Brooklyn.“You want to take them?”As soon as the words were out of his mouth Steve knew he shouldn’t have said them. Sharon had looked at him like something disgusting on the bottom of her shoe.“Would you like to smell like a fuck hole advertisement for all of the world, Rogers? Come on boys, here is a cunt for you to shove you knot in?”She’d downed her shot and left and Steve had never mentioned it again, face burning with shame.Their relationship had evened out after that to a one of mutual respect and cooperation. Sharon has become his eyes and ears within SHIELD and he trusts her as much as he trusts anyone these days.They take the lift to the lower levels, silence hanging ominously in the closed off space. Down a long corridor and past three sets of armored security doors. To a wide window looking into a cell.Bucky is crouched in the corner of the observation room. His body is dirty, a long wavy curtain of hair hangs over his face, but Steve can see a pair of dark alert eyes looking out above his forearm that he has rested on his knees, protecting his face.His left shoulder is a gaping socket where the metal arm had been.Steve fights every instinct he has to not go to him, to not stand as a shield and a barrier between him and the world.Sharon’s words wash over him like static.“They recovered him from the HYDRA site near the border. We think that he went there driven by some kind of homing beacon they activated. The delta strike teams had been cleaning out that area in the past month and we think it may have been some kind of a distress call. He was brought in about five hours ago.”“What about…?”He motions towards the missing arm.“They took off the arm under Stark’s supervision while he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Explicit Sexual Content
Medical Procedures
Reproductive Politics
Reproductive Rights
Omega politics
Mpreg
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Alpha!Steve
Omega!Bucky
BAMF Sharon Carter
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

