Chapter 1: Charles
    




Chapter Text
“Erik, love, be reasonable.”
“I am being reasonable,” Erik snaps back. “You're the one who's talking nonsense."
Charles sighs. He's known this fight was coming for ages, but that's no consolation. He used to enjoy their fights – a part of him, anyway. It's always been sort of... sexy, how intense Erik can get. But that was before: before he’d had David, and before their lives became so difficult. It's no longer sexy, just wearying. Charles is very weary of this.
“This is what's best for David, love. Surely you can see that.” 
Erik can't, of course. He's never been through this before. But Charles has, and really there ought to be enough trust between them for Erik to take him at his word. Maybe at one time it would have been that simple. But whatever trust was once between them has been slowly evaporating over these past five months since the baby was born.
Charles tries to explain it. Again. “He's just too young. He can't handle the telepathy yet. He doesn't even understand it. We have to put a mental block on his power until he's a bit older. He needs us to do this, Erik.”
“Absolutely not,” Erik says, and Charles feels him repressing the urge to stamp his foot like a child. “I forbid it!”
Charles feels his left eyebrow rising. “You forbid it?” he repeats slowly. Who does Erik think he is? “Is that right?”
Erik knows he's stepped over the line, Charles can tell by the mental shuffling, but outwardly he stands his ground. “That's right. I forbid it. You will not do this to our son.”
“You are not the master here,” Charles says through clenched teeth. “You don't get to make proclamations and expect them to be obeyed. That is not how this works, Erik, and you damn well know it. We are married. We have a son. We do not make unilateral decisions about his well-being.”
“No?” Erik snarls. “Is that not what you're doing right now? You've made the unilateral decision to turn our son into a- a-“
He breaks off, hands clenched. He's too angry to get the word out, Charles realizes, and he skims the thought from Erik’s mind.
"Human?" He asks, and scoffs. “That is not how genetics work, my friend, and even if it were, so what? Is it better to have our son in pain than to have him human? Could you really not love a human child? Are you so petty in your anger that you would deny our son the only thing he asks from you because he does not fit in the superior mutant lifestyle you've created for yourself?”
“Enough!” Erik barks, and the lights flicker.
Up in the nursery, Charles feels the baby wake. David feels their anger and Charles senses what's about to happen a moment before the cries start over the monitor.
Charles turns to go to him.
“Don't you dare walk away from me,” Erik says, and the ferocity in his voice makes Charles whip back around.
“The baby is crying!” he says, incredulous. “I'm not just going to let him cry so we can continue this pointless argument.”
“He's fine,” Erik says. “You coddle him.”
“I comfort him! I protect him."
Something you can't do, Charles thinks, but he's not petty enough to say it. He's seen Erik’s shattered expression when the baby won't calm for him. Another reason for this block on his telepathy.
“You'll make him soft. How do you expect him to make his way in this world if all you ever do is coddle him? Let the boy cry. It'll toughen him up.”
Charles feels a chill down his spine. “He's a child, Erik.” He says quietly. “He's not a soldier. He's not you.”
Erik flashes all of his teeth in a sneer. “No, he's all you, isn't he? Every last bit of him, and it's all you.”
The venom in his voice makes Charles flinch. “I'm going to him,” he says, and takes a step back.
“I said stay!” Erik shouts, and his head's such a jumble of hurt and confusion and anger that Charles doesn't see what he's going to do until Erik’s fist connects with Charles's cheek bone. The force of it knocks him back another step, and he remembers it all at once: Kurt and Cain and his mother when she'd had just enough to drink, and the boys on the playground who knew he was an easy target, too weak and helpless to fight back. For a moment, all he can do is breathe through the absolute terror.
But the terror is imaginary; he's not helpless now.He draws himself up, takes a breath, and looks Erik in the face. Erik looks shocked, frozen, not breathing. His hand is still raised, clenched into a fist.
“Sleep,” Charles commands at once, and he can hear the steel in his voice.
Erik topples over, dead asleep.
Charles looks down at him, boneless and sprawled on the floor. He loves this man. He'll always love this man. He's going to leave this man. He's going to do it tonight.
He brings a hand up to his right cheekbone, site of impact. It's not broken - he knows what that feels like - but it throbs. There'll be a hell of a bruise, he thinks absently.
In the nursery, the baby is still crying. Charles leaves Erik where he sleeps and goes to pick up the child. They'll both be gone by the time Erik wakes.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Mpreg
Past Child Abuse
References to spousal abuse
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Unreliable Narrator
Erik has Issues
BAMF Charles
Bottom Charles
Charles You Slut
Phone Sex
Mutant Road Trip
Sort Of
Angst with a Happy Ending
Kid Fic
Sex Toys
Sex Education
Getting Back Together

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

