Chapter 1: Pathetic
    


Notes:
Yay first Chapter!Here’s a discord server if anyone’s is interested in talking about this fanfic or contacting me X3https://discord.gg/zwKsXWV

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Pathetic. That is which all this really was. Nothing they did would possibly work. No matter how determined or stubborn they were to act. You cannot break something that has already been broken beyond repair. You could cause more nightmares, more pain, more trauma... Yet what would truly be the point, if all were things that already existed within him? Nothing, nothing but supposed 'justice', as they liked to called it. Justice for crimes half of which he committed to protect the wretched realm he once called 'home' . Half not of his own choosing. Deeds he was forcibly made to do.But what did it matter? Even if he were to ever admit to any of it, no one would listen. No one could see that it was not his behavior to perform in such manner. It was beyond their comprehension what was in or out of character for the trickster. No one knew him, not even himself. That was what hurt most. “…Sentimentality” he muttered to himself. Well, it would seem they might have succeeded, even if just a little, if he was feeling such things as hurt.The whip came down again on his bloodied back and he struggled to hold back a whimper. He refused to submit to such pointless acts. He would not give them the satisfaction of seeing him break, even if he was already broken inside. Broken beyond repair certainly, he thought. He had truly become what they all had claimed him to be. The God of Chaos, of Lies, of Fire and Destruction. A true Monster.He laughed, but the sound was cut short as another whip came down on his back, if he could even call it that anymore. There was not much left of it. The burning pain turned his laugh into a harsh gasp he was unable to hide. Darn, he thought.He could not see it, but he could sense the hungry grin his abuser was giving him. He hated to admit it, but he felt a small amount of fear for the punishments this particular guardsman made him go through. They were pointless, but still, he feared them. Most of the time he would just fog his mind with the help of a bit of magic. That way he would not have to remember what had transpired. But some guards, like this one, had somehow figured out his trick. Knowing this they managed to get their filthy disgusting hands on a few medical potions. They were used to clear the mind of magical attacks and they would use them to ensure he was on high alert whenever they played with him.This one in particular, along with a few wretched companions of his, would like to have just a tad more fun with him than what was 'necessary'. They loved to see him whimper, see him suffer and beg. He managed to almost never plead in words, as he refused to submit to them. But at times they managed to drag the sounds out of him. Oh, how they relished the moments.“Oh?... did I just hear our little plaything beg for a little more? Hm?” He felt the guard get closer and place a hand on his shoulder, making him hiss in pain. “Fret not my pretty thing, our companions are not here today, but I will have a bit of fun with you in their place…” He could feel the predatory grin and hungry eyes as they traveled down his body.“No… plea…” he bit his tongue, but knew the other had heard him... he cursed his bleeding tongue for its betrayal. He had not meant to answer but the fear was slowly growing stronger with each time it happened. He tried and tried, again and again, to remind himself that he could not be broken further. But as the other neared him, dread sunk to the bottom of his stomach.“Yes.. Beg little princess, beg until you cannot beg any more. Until your throat is hoarse and maybe, just maybe, I’ll let you enjoy it a little... I’ll let you enjoy pain like you have never felt it before…”“DUMMY, I SWEAR I WILL DONATE YOU TO A STATE COLLEGE OR SIMPLY SELL YOU FOR SCRAP METAL IF YOU SPRAY ME ONE MORE FREAKING TIME WITH THE DAMN FIRE-EXTINGUISHER!!” threatened the engineer to his poor invention. He'd been trying to test his new bracelets. They allowed the armor to, not only fly to him when needed, but also had small repulsors that would not burn out after one use. The first few tests made his clothes catch fire and left a nasty burn on his left forearm.He’d been cursing all night. He knew better than to try to work after fighting with Pepper. It always led to bodily harm and that would only make her angrier. Why should he care tho'? He'd been banned from drinking by her and his AI (traitor) after he had passed out on the fountain in front of his house. He'd been wearing only the upper part of the suit and boxers on his lower half. At least he hadn’t been stark naked, ha. But they'd insisted that it was wrong and that he needed to stop. Which only led to him try to drink more which led to other accidents and his current ban from anyt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Odin's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Explicit Sexual Content
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Loki Feels
Loki Angst
Loki Has Issues
Good Loki
FrostIron - Freeform
IronFrost - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Tony Has Issues
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Implied/Referenced Suicide Atemp
Past Rape/Non-con
Gang Rape
Slow Build
Original Character(s)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

