Work Text:
"This is an important event in terms of - Stark, are you listening to me?""Not really," Tony said honestly. Even without looking up from his phone, he could feel the heat of Maria's glare burning into the back of his head. Beside him, Clint - who was also in the line of fire, just because he was squashed in so close to Tony - winced."This is important!" Maria hissed."So you've said. Multiple times." Tony sighed and locked his phone, twisting around to roll his eyes at her. "Hill, I've been dealing with the media since before you were born. I know exactly how to play them. I'm probably - no, scratch that, I am the best one at this out of everyone on the team. So you should probably be giving this lecture to car two," he finished sourly, still bitter about the fact that Coulson had insisted on Steve and Bucky traveling in the other car. Something about them not paying attention whenever Tony was in a tuxedo.She scowled back at him. "Agent Coulson is talking to them as we speak," she said, looking a little like she wished that she could change places with Coulson. Tony couldn't blame her. He'd rather be in a car with Steve, Bucky, Bruce, Betty, Thor and Jane, as opposed to Clint, Natasha, Sam, Sam's date. and a handful of SHIELD agents. Tony was feeling massively out-numbered."How lucky for them," Tony muttered, immensely relieved when the car finally stopped. He might have trampled over Clint in his haste to escape.As far as Tony was concerned, it was just another red carpet amongst the hundreds that he'd walked in his life. He pasted on a smile, feeling decidedly alone when compared to Clint and Natasha and Sam and his date, and pretended not to hear the reporters who obnoxiously pointed out his lack of a date. He'd figured out a long time ago that the key to situations like this was to gloss right over the questions you didn't want to answer. It helped that Natasha closed in on those reporters, wearing a smile that promised pain.Tony was in the middle of answering a question about the Avengers last battle when he felt it. His breath stuttered, all words grinding to a halt. The reporter's eyebrows shot up in confusion; she looked like she wasn't sure whether she should ask if he was okay or get a shot of a mute Tony Stark on the red carpet. The seconds dragged on while Tony stood there in silence, all of his attention focused inwardly.Sam passed by, giving him a none-too-subtle elbow in the back. Tony jolted out of his stupor and recovered quickly, finishing his sentence and shooting her a winning smile. Charmed, she smiled back, and he was confident that there was no possible way that she could know that there was a sizeable butt plug in his ass, vibrating just enough to force him to pay attention.The vibrations stopped before he got to the next reporter, fortunately, and Tony was able to respond to the next set of questions without having to worry about concealing an erection. By that point, the second car had pulled up and Tony promptly became old news as soon as Steve stepped out of the car. He spotted Natasha making a break for the entrance of the building while the reporters were suitably distracted and followed, hurrying up the steps before anyone else could stop him. Just as he crossed the threshold, the vibration started again. This time, it was a lot stronger. Admittedly, Tony went a bit weak in the knees. He swallowed a gasp that could too easily turn into a moan, unable to keep from squirming a little when it didn't stop. Thank god he was alone in the hall, because he had to lean against the wall when the vibrations didn't stop.Unwittingly, his mind provided him with an image of Bucky and the saucy, wicked smirk that had been on Bucky's face when he stood in front of Tony earlier that evening, remote in hand. Steve had been behind him, thick fingers patiently stretching Tony, prepping him for the plug. Even with all of Steve's effort, the plug still felt huge when he slipped it into Tony's body. And it still felt huge even now, when Tony couldn't help clenching around it, hoping for more stimulation.None was forthcoming, though. The plug stopped vibrating, the sensation dying away, leaving him half-hard and aching. Tony gritted his teeth and stood there for a moment, trying to gather himself back together. His legs, when he resumed walking, were definitely shaky. It was going to be a hell of a long night.This was one of Fury's publicity stunts: a party where the public could purchase a ticket and make nice with the team. All of them were required on pain of death to attend. Tony, had he known how the night was going to go, probably would've skipped it anyway. He'd never quite realized just how difficult it would be to dance with someone when there was a vibrator nudging against his prostate every time he twisted just right; a vibrator that was keeping him on the edge, aroused but with no real source of friction, never enough to make him come.A vibrator that was being controlled by his e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
shameless porn
Public Sex
Public Orgasm
Forced Orgasm
consented to beforehand
Anal Sex
Toys
Possessive Bucky
Possessive Steve
shameless bucky
Shameless Steve
tony is helpless to say no
they love it
Tony loves it
Bottom Tony
Top Steve
Dirty Talk
Coming In Pants
Coming twice
basically sex
Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

