Work Text:
Steve is bound spread-eagled on the bed and naked as the day he was born. Metal cuffs hold his wrists and ankles to the four corners of the bed posts. A pillow is tucked underneath the small of his back, propping his hips up and making the V of his pelvis all the more distinct. His whole body is stretched taut, veins in his neck and arms visible from exertion. His legs are straining against the bonds, trying to close and protect against the unforgiving intrusion in his ass. Only whimpers escape his mouth, unable to form words because of the bit gag between his teeth. Bucky is relentlessly pounding into him, making sure to hit Steve’s prostate with each thrust, making him elicit the most delicious sounds.They’ve been going at it for about two hours now. Steve had gone from moaning to gasping out broken sobs, and Bucky had not let up even once, as tempted as he might have been. Bucky had already used him to reach his own climax, giving no regard to whether or not Steve got his own orgasm. While waiting for his cock to get up again, he used his hands to tease Steve’s cock or finger him. Bucky had already come a couple of times, each one just as blissful. Thanks to the serum, his refractory period is almost nonexistent.On the other hand, Steve’s cock is currently an angry red from being denied release over and over again. He’s so delirious to the point that his eyes are unfocused and rolls up into his head every time he is close to climaxing. And that’s when Bucky knows when to stop, slow down, pull out, or grab the base of Steve’s cock and squeeze – anything to keep him from coming.Bucky knows that it’s cruel and Steve has got to be in pain right now, but he can’t help the sadistic and dominating part of him. Seeing Steve – golden boy of America, symbol of freedom and justice – so debauched like this, makes him dizzy with ecstasy.“Mmmph… mmph… MMMPH,” Steve’s voice comes hoarse and muffled from behind the gag.“What’s that, Stevie? My little whore wants to come? Is that it?” Bucky taunts, stopping his assault on Steve’s ass for just a moment without pulling out. “You need a break?”Steve lets out a little sigh of relief, eyelids fluttering, thinking that the onslaught on his asshole is finally over. He nods sluggishly. His body relaxes and melts into the mattress.Bucky, seeing that, laughs darkly. And in a deceptively soft voice, he says, “Oh you poor boy. You honestly think I was going to give you a break? That’s adorable. Well, I’m not. You’re just going to have to take whatever I give you.”Steve, honest to god, lets out a drawn out whine as Bucky slowly starts rocking into him again. He reaches around Steve and pulls on each ass cheek, spreading them even further apart, increasing the pace until he is giving it hard and fast, his hips snapping back and forth, each brutal thrust flushed with Steve’s pelvis. He could feel Steve’s smooth ring of muscles fluttering around his cock, trying to accommodate the stretch and increase in pace.Not a dozen thrusts later, Steve’s breathing becomes erratic again, straining against his bonds, asshole clenching around Bucky’s cock. It’s really unfortunate that he can’t hide these telltale signs of an impending orgasm, because Bucky goes and rips it away from Steve once again.Bucky pulls out and jerks off over Steve’s body. He groans during his release, thick white ropes of cum decorating Steve’s stomach and chest. The force of Bucky’s orgasm even leaves one or two stripes of white on Steve’s face, and if Bucky hadn’t already depleted his supply, he’s sure he would have shot off a few more rounds just looking at that image in front of him.Steve writhes and thrashes with all his strength (which isn’t much, considering how he was constantly denied orgasms for a long while), trying to get some friction on his neglected cock. He’s pretty sure that if Bucky so much as breathes on it, it would be enough stimulation to make him explode. That’s how close he is to release before Bucky – that fucker – took that away from him for the umpteenth time that day. He goes slack again, head lolling to the side, breathing deeply through his nose.Bucky climbs up to the head of the bed to kneel at Steve’s left. He reaches down to unstrap the gag, pulling it away from Steve’s face. Bucky scoots forward to feed his softening cock into Steve’s pliant mouth. The blond looks up at him with red-rimmed eyes and suckles gently. Bucky closes his eyes, tilts his head back, and thrusts lazily into the wet heat.“Oh you feel so good, baby. C’mon, make me hard again.”Steve, realizing that Bucky wants to go another round, starts to moan and pull away. Not allowing that to happen, Bucky sits on Steve’s chest and presses his knees onto Steve’s shoulders, using his body weight to pin Steve further into the bed. Bucky lets Steve struggle futilely for a couple of seconds before Steve accepts the fact that he isn’t going anywhere. Bucky threads his fingers through Steve’s matted blond strands and grabs the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
BDSM
Bondage
Temperature Play
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sensation Play
Oral Sex
Anal Play
Nipple Play
Name-Calling
Spanking
Gags
Overstimulation
I'm Bad At Tagging
Cock Cages
Butt Plugs
Somnophilia
Impact Play
Subspace
Aftercare
Shotgunning with Water
Punishment
I'm literally asking a friend for help right now
Skype really helps in this case
Not sponsored by Skype
Come Swallowing
Mild Breathplay
Cock Slapping

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

