Work Text:
Steve wakes up a week after Bucky moved into his apartment – just a week after the start of their relationship, really – with Bucky cuddled against him, warm and still asleep. Steve had gotten in late the night before after a three-day Hydra-hunt across Eastern Europe to find Bucky already asleep. He’d been under the covers, naked because he’d no doubt been anticipating Steve’s return, with a tablet full of calculations resting on his face like it fell there and the lamp still on, dead to the world. Steve had set aside the tablet, managed a shower before exhaustion kicked in, and climbed into bed to gather Buck up into his arms and promptly fallen asleep.Bucky looks young, asleep. His hair is soft and fluffy with no product in it, his beautifully long lashes are a dark fan on his cheek, with just a hint of stubble stopping his cheeks looking too boyish while highlighting the cleft in his chin. Gorgeous, in other words. Steve feels a little weird about how hungrily possessive he feels about Buck, how madly infatuated he is. He wants to wrap Bucky up and coddle him and fuck him and hide him away from all the bad things in the world. Wants to kiss him all over, taste every inch of his golden skin, hold him down and tie him up and give him so much pleasure the only thing Bucky knows how to say anymore is Steve’s name.Well now he has an erection.It’s Saturday, so Bucky isn’t working in Tony’s lab, and Steve doesn’t have to go anywhere because the mission doesn’t have formal debrief until Monday, so they have the whole weekend stretched in front of him. Earlier in the week they’d both gone to the clinic, and an email he’d gotten on his phone yesterday had let Steve know that neither of them have STIs and both have a clean bill of health.Steve has Plans with a capital P.Beside him, Bucky stirs, opens his eyes and blinks sleepily up at Steve with his clear grey eyes, and then smiles a little maniacally.“Steve. Steve. It’s No Condom Day,” Bucky stage whispers, his grin getting bigger.“Damn straight,” Steve says, and flips Bucky easily onto his belly, flopping on top of him under the covers, making Bucky yelp. “Know what I’m going to do, baby?”“Fuck me?” Bucky asks hopefully, trying to wriggle his legs apart, prevented by Steve straddling his closed thighs.“Fuck you,” Steve agrees, rubbing his dick between the plump cheeks of Buck’s ass while manhandling him the way he wants him – arms under his chest with Steve holding his wrists beneath his own sternum, so Bucky is all wrapped up in a super soldier bear hug. “Fuck you all day, any time I want you. Come in you, on you, all over you.”Bucky gives an excited whimper, trying to grind his hips down into the bed, until Steve gives him a nip on the side of his neck and he gets the idea, holding still. “None of that,” Steve tells him calmly. “If you’re going to keep up, you’re not going to get to come nearly so often as me, so you might wanna save it. No asking to come unless you are positively desperate. Now, color sweetheart?”“Greeeeeen,” Bucky sighs, like he’s already impatient with the lecture.“Brat. I mean it; use your colors, even just yellow if you’re getting sore. Well. More sore than feels good,” Steve says with a smile, nosing at Buck’s neck. It is distressingly free of hickeys, what with him being away and all. He’ll fix that.“Missed you, Daddy,” Bucky says softly, and Steve closes his eyes briefly, as though that can stem the swell of emotion in his chest.“You have no idea how much I missed you, gorgeous boy,” he says huskily, and starts sucking a mark on the side of Bucky’s throat.“Did you bring me a present from your trip?” Bucky asks slyly, making Steve snort a laugh and break his suction.“No, the Nazis were sorely lacking a gift shop. I’ll have to give you a nice big present to make up for it.”“Is the present your dick? I feel like the present’s going to be your dick,” Bucky snarks, rolling his hips back into Steve, and oh that feels good.“It’s my dick, and today you’re getting it unwrapped. Now shut up and let me be sweet on you.”Bucky’s only answer is a chuckle, but he does tilt his head up against the pillow so Steve can suck an impressive love bite on to his throat, giving a little moan. Steve starts working his way down Bucky’s back – who obediently leaves his hands tucked under his chest when Steve draws his own away, making Steve breathe an ‘oh, good boy’ into his skin – exploring the topography of all those long, supple muscles that flow over his shoulders and shoulder blades, down to the dimples beside the base of his spine. Steve maps it all with his lips, planting open-mouthed kisses over Bucky’s muscles, letting his tongue taste the shape of them. He drags his palms from shoulders to hips, fingers splayed, making Bucky moan and arch into his touch.Pushing Buck’s legs apart and settling between them, Steve grabs a pillow and Bucky obediently lifts so he can shove it under his hips. Ass canted up, legs spread, Bucky is splayed out before 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Barebacking
after medical clearance though
so safe and monogamous barebacking
Safe Sane and Consensual
Spanking
Rimming
Come Marking
Come Eating
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
mild edging
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Age Difference
bucky is 20
steve is 29
Daddy kink is mild roleplay only here

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

