Work Text:
Tony stood in the almost empty hallway under SHIELD HQ, seemingly calm despite knowing what was waiting for him behind the heavy metal door he was facing. He was sure Pepper and Rhodey could practically hear the sound of his heart beating a thunderous rhythm from where they stood beside him, but he was determined not show how scared he really was. His friends were worried enough as it is.“You don’t have to do this, Tony.” Pepper said as she tightened her white knuckled grip on the clipboard in her arms. “I’m sure we can find someone else.”“Yes. I do.” Tony said, surprised that his voice came out steadier than he expected. “He rejected Sharon, and you know the record of every student in the Academy, Pep. You know there aren’t any other unbonded Omegas on campus.” Tony closed his eyes as he thought back to the incident that happened earlier in the Quad that brought them to their current problem. Steve had been acting different lately, growing increasingly agitated as the week went on. No one really thought much of it until Steve viciously beheaded three training robots, punched a hole in the Avengers Dorm with his bare fist, and verbally challenged all three Hulks simultaneously to a fight before anyone realised what was wrong. “He’s going into a Rut.” The Academy Nurse said with a frown once Steve had been sedated and brought to the heavily locked chamber. “Normally, unbonded Alphas going into a Rut don’t exhibit such aggressive behaviour, but my guess is that the Serum in his blood has something to do with it. I can’t administer any medication since his super healing would render it ineffective. The best recourse really is for him to either burn it out himself, which could hurt him, or for him to bond with his Omega.” Everyone expected Sharon to be his Omega, given how close they had gotten after the Civil War Event, but no one was more surprised than Tony was when Steve practically threw her out.“He said I ‘smelled wrong’.” Sharon said with a wrinkled nose and left the basement with her head held high. Tony thought she handled rejection better than he ever could. “We’re still waiting to hear from Professor Xavier.” Pepper said, bringing Tony back to the present, “They might have someone at his school who can help Steve out.” “Even if that were true,” Tony said with a sigh, “Steve could still reject them and we’re already running out of time.“He’s my friend, Pep.” Tony continued softly, “I owe it to him to try and help him through this difficult time.” “Even if it means being bonded to him for life?” Tony turned to Rhodey who was looking at him, solemn and disapproving. He knew that Rhodey wasn’t happy with his decision but his best friend had been quiet until this point that Tony had thought Rhodey had been okay with it. Apparently not.“We’re getting ahead of ourselves.” Tony said with a sardonic laugh. “Steve could still kick me out like he did with Sharon. Then whoever Prof X has sent over can give it a shot. But I think Steve deserves to have the chance to be bonded with someone he knows rather than to someone he’s barely even talked to.”Pepper and Rhodey exchanged glances and Tony knew he had their support when Pepper’s mouth thinned and she gave a firm nod. “We’ll be right outside, Tones.” Rhodey said as Pepper keyed in the combination to open the sealed chamber, her finger hovering over the last number as she waited for Rhodey to finish.“Super Soldier or not,” Rhodey said as he cocked the repulsor rifle on his back, “any sign of danger, you just yell and we are getting you out of there.” Pepper echoed Rhodey’s promise with the sound of her own glove firing up. Tony has never been more honoured to have friends like them. -----Tony immediately questioned how wise his decision was the moment the locks clicked shut behind him, especially with how the Alpha pheromones made his knees weak the moment it hit his nose. But it was too late to back out of it now, especially since Steve had lifted his head and spotted Tony from where he was curled up in a corner across the room. “Heeeey Cap.” Tony said with a smile, raising both hands as he stepped around the room, trying place a bit more distance between them when Steve’s gaze narrowed at his presence, “Just came in to see how you’re doing.” “You shouldn’t be here, Tony.” Steve said with a deep growl that sent a shiver on anticipation up Tony’s spine. “You could get hurt.” “You wouldn’t hurt me, Steve.” Tony said softly, putting on a brave face as Steve rose from the floor and started to stalk towards him. Tony swallowed thickly, forcing himself not to back away as Steve stopped right in front of him. Tony had to crane his head up to maintain eye contact, suddenly realising how Steve’s eyes seemed bluer than usual. “How can you be so sure?” Steve asked, leaning his head down to brush his nose lightly against Tony’s cheek. Tony gasped when he realised Steve had pressed him back against a wall, both of the Alpha’s hands raised and trapping Tony in betwe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Steve
omega!Tony
bottom!tony
i have no excuse for this sin
happy birthday suppie
Fingering

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

