Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You know the drill, Mr Stark.”“Hmm?” Tony blinked blearily away from the bright overhead lights. The after image was still hovering in his sight as he turned to Dana, blotting out the middle of her face. When did she put on scrubs? Wasn't he the one wearing scrubs? Tony was confused. And sleepy. But he tried to focus on Dana, looking steadily down at him amidst the busy hub of activity he saw in the periphery, more people in scrubs, things being moved about. Dana tapped a finger slowly on the back of his right hand, tap, tap, tap. “Count backwards for me from ten, nice and slow.”“Count…”“That’s right,” her voice was still clear, but Tony thought her face was becoming more hazy. “Ten…”“Nine…” Tony mumbled. “Eight… sev… seven…”“Good, Mr Stark, keep going.”“Six…”Michael sat hunched in a seat, fingers steepled together and pressed hard between against his brow, breathing in deep through his nose and an out through his lips. A hand dropped heavy on his shoulders. He didn't have to look up to know who it was. The hand slid until a whole arm was draped across his shoulders, and Michael felt a chin dig into his shoulder. “I'm sorry—”“No, Sharon, you did so well,” Michael hushed her, turning to pull her into a hug. Her injuries had been treated, nothing more than some butterfly bandages on a few cuts on her face, and some pain meds, before she’d been let out from the nurses’ clutches. Or more accurately, let herself out from their clutches. She’d even had a shower, at Hal’s insistence, wearing clothes not covered in blood.Michael had dropped into this chair when they’d wheeled Tony and Ken into surgery and not left it since. He hadn't done more than strip off his tac vest.There was still blood on his hands, Ken’s and Tony’s, flaking off in dark specks. He didn't want to dirty Sharon’s clean clothes, but she only curled closer, and Michael had never been one to reject someone needing a hug. He needed the hug just as much too. “I'm so proud of you. You did so well.”Sharon shook her head, but didn't say any more, hiding her face away. Michael rubbed his cheek on her head and looked across the corridor almost in a daze.Hal was on the phone, to Evie from the sounds of it, alternately updating her and seeking his own reassurance, his blond hair mussed and bags under his eyes. Trip was slumped tiredly next to him, eyes closed, the shield still on his knees from when Sharon had left it for her medical check up. They were in clean clothes too, feet in some hotel-like slippers.Maybe Michael should go change.“Where’s Carol?”Trip chuckled, not moving, eyes still closed. “Standing guard.”Michael was confused, he must have missed something since sitting down in a daze. Hal jerked his head to one side. At the end of the corridor, through the glass windows in the door, Michael could make out the back of Carol’s blonde head. He imagined on the other side were the rest of the Avengers - were they still Avengers if they’d left? - wanting to get through for news about Tony. “She need help?”“Doubt it.”Yeah, Michael had heard about Carol himself in the USAF, as well as whatever Tony had told him over the years - Tony always vague on details about how the two met - but he’d never had the chance to meet her personally before today. He couldn't have imagined a better stand-in for Rhodes in the mission though, she’d worked seamlessly with the whole team. Sharon sighed, “No news?”“Nothing new.”The door at the end of the corridor swung open, and Michael tensed automatically, but looked up to find it was the King of Wakanda himself, and a pair of his bodyguards. Michael forced himself to his feet with the others, nodding respectfully. “Your Majesty, we can’t thank you enough—”T'Challa shook his head, “You are, of course, very welcome. But please, Mr Stark and Mr Dugan will be in surgery for some time yet. We have rooms available for you to use.”“Oh, no,” Michael immediately shook his head. “I couldn't leave- leave them…”But Hal was nodding. “Yes, thank you. Michael, you need to clean up, especially if you want to see the boys when they wake up. And Sharon needs to sleep.”“Daddy—”“You need to rest at least,” Hal said, shooting her a serious look. “We’ve all been through a lot in a short time. Us being here won’t change whatever happens in surgery. We have to trust they’re in good hands, and I do trust that.”Sharon pouted, but didn't resist when Hal tugged her by the arm and they followed one of the bodyguards to the rooms T'Challa had offered them, the opposite way down the corridor from Carol. Trip hefted the shield in his arms and smiled sadly at Michael, following the other two.Michael was left staring at his hands, willing his feet to move. Forward or back, just to move, but he couldn’t seem to decide where to go. His head told him forward, go shower, clean up, rest, eat something, wait with the others for news. His heart told him to back, sit, don't leave Tony and Ken, stay for them. And Michael was just so tired
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Legacies Team are Protective of Their Tony
Family Feels
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Cousin Sharon Carter
Aunt Peggy Carter
slight crossover

fandom: 
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

