Work Text:
Clint Barton was an assassin. He was not an infiltrator. He wasn’t the spy Natasha was. He used to never get put on missions that were outside of his specific skillset. His handler was competent and knew his strengths and weaknesses. Because of that, Clint Barton had never failed a mission.It seemed that was about to change, though.Clint’s mission was to get close enough to an arms dealer with sensitive information about a planned attack on villages in Algeria on his cell phone and take it. It should’ve been easy. It was somewhat within his skillset to pick pockets like a pro. He should’ve been able to sneak it out easily. He’d been chosen because he fit the man’s type, so his mission was simple: buy the mark a few drinks, lift the phone, make an excuse to go to the bathroom, then get out through the window.However, the mark wasn’t drinking anything with alcohol so he was too vigilant and clear-minded, even with Clint’s flirting, for Clint to lift the phone from the inside pocket of his jacket. When the time came for his scheduled trip to the bathroom, he pressed his radio, calling in on his new handler. “Wu, I’m going to have to call the mission, ma’am,” he reported.“Barton, you get the phone or you’ll be on report. This is a simple mission. There are a thousand ways you could get that phone-““He isn’t drinking. His phone is in the inside pocket of his jacket. I tried getting him to kiss me so I could slide a hand under his jacket, but he seems to be trying to stay professional out there. If I could just take him out-““Negative, Barton. You can’t blow your cover in this. They’ve all seen your face so if you lead him out back and kill him or even attack him, they’ll know you and we may need you later on,” she argued. There was a pause and she came back. “Here’s what you do. Seduce him, get him back to his hotel room, and then after, ‘accidentally’ put on his jacket on your way out.”Clint’s stomach twisted, wrenching painfully in a way that he could only hope didn’t make him lose his lunch. “Negative. I cannot possibly sleep with a mark just to get a cell phone! You can’t ask me to do that!”“Barton, the lives of hundreds of innocent civilians-““I can’t!” he hissed, pacing as his hands shook. “I cannot possibly-““We all have to do things we don’t want to, things we’re not proud of. You suck it up, think of the Algerian children you’re saving, do what you have to do, and then get over it,” she said fiercely. “It’s just sex. You kill people for a living, you can handle sex with someone.”Clint’s heart was pounding and his hands were shaking in a way he hadn’t experienced in the field before. “You don’t understand, I literally can’t. I’ll break cover if I try.”She growled in annoyance over the radio – entirely unprofessional, in Clint’s opinion – and broke in. “If it’s a matter of sexual orientation, deal with the identity crisis later. If it’s sexual dysfunction, distract him from the fact you can’t get it up for him. Use your imagination. You can work something out.”Clint closed his eyes and swallowed hard, horrified to feel a lump growing in his throat. “Wu, I can’t. Please, don’t make me do this.”She was silent for a moment. “Barton, if you’re in a relationship, you should’ve cleared it with SHIELD.”He flinched. “I’m not currently in a relationship, but-““Then do this for the lives of innocent people, Barton!” she urged. “Look, I sympathize, but do you think you’re the first who ever had to do this? You are one of our best agents and you always do what you need to in the end. If you don’t do this, most likely hundreds of innocent villagers will die. SHIELD can’t do anything without those plans and you can get them. You are the only one who can at this point. There is no backup, Barton.”Clint closed his eyes and took a few calming breaths to gather himself. He knew she was right. He was an agent of SHIELD. People did this sometimes. SHIELD tried to protect its people but sometimes shit happened. And she was right, it was this or risk the lives of innocent people. He knew, in the end, what he had to do. Clint took a deep breath and nodded. “Okay.”~Kissing another man’s lips felt wrong. Another man’s hands on his body felt even more wrong. Allowing a mark to strip him and being forced to reciprocate felt disgusting. Clint didn’t have the skills he needed to fake it, so he went for force. Kissing hard, biting hard, grabbing roughly, passing off discomfort as eagerness, covering his inability to get an erection by keeping them moving and shifting, it was how he coped with rolling around in bed with another man and it all felt wrong.Letting another man inside of him felt like betrayal. He was glad the mark didn’t ask questions when he turned on his belly before the man could even suggest a position, because not only did it hide his lack of interest, but it also allowed him to hide the emotions he knew would bleed through in his features. Guilt at another man fucking him.Disgust at an enemy using his body 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Fix-It
Post-Movie(s)
Consent Issues
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Married Couple
Sexual Content
Adult Content

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

