Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony looks in the mirror and takes a deep breath, trying to steady himself for what was to come. Not for the first time he wondered why he agreed to this in the first place but he already knew why. Guilt. It was always fucking guilt with him, always agonizing over some new and shitty decision he made in haste. Not for the first time he wondered if it would be easier to just… disappear, leave and go somewhere forever and never have to deal with anything ever again. But he couldn’t do that, he had too much to do, too much other people expected him to do, always too damn much…
He sighs and pulls himself back from the mirror and straightens his back, throwing back his shoulders, and dropping the sunglasses from the top of his head to the bridge of his nose. He looked more like Tony Stark now, at least what he allowed people to see of him. It was a familiar routine and he finds some comfort in it, and in the fact that FRIDAY was accessible through the glasses if he needed anything. He pauses at the door for a moment before giving himself a final shake and heading out to go deal with this.
Steve is standing in the doorway looking nervous, perhaps rightfully so but neither of them were idiots. Without the suit Tony was no match for one Bucky Barnes and hell, even with the suit that was debatable. Tony was more than aware of that fact, had been kept awake the last three nights knowing that, and his being exhausted now made him nervous. God even knew what would happen if he fell asleep. “Are you okay?” Steve asks and Tony can’t help the way his face twists in annoyance.
“Like you care. Just stick Barnes downstairs and go,” he says harshly.
Steve opens his mouth to respond and then closes it, frowning, “wait, downstairs? We agreed to have him stay with you,” he says.
“Yeah, downstairs with his own space and stuff. He still has access to my space like the rest of you did when you were living here,” he says even though that’s half true. FRIDAY was under strict instructions to keep Barnes the hell away from him at all times. He’d obviously check on the guy, mostly for his own piece of mind, making sure he didn’t somehow slip FRIDAY to go creep around in his space, but still. It counted. And besides, harboring his parents’ murderer while paying for his damn trial to keep him out of prison was more than nice enough in his opinion.
It wasn’t like Barnes actually killed anyone, not while he was himself anyways. And god, that just pissed him off even more. The guy got to walk around scot-free after all that he’s done because it wasn’t even him. His mother would never get any justice, all those other people the Winter Soldier killed wouldn’t get any justice, because they couldn’t prosecute the weapon living in the man’s body. Well, was in the man’s body. As it turned out with a little collaboration with T’Challa they had figured out how to tweak his mind meddling invention to meddle with Barnes’ mind and get rid of the trigger words to the Soldier’s training. The problem was that they had to test that out a few times and, well, Bucky hadn’t been pleased with that. Not that Tony cared, or at least that’s what he told himself.
*
Bucky trails along behind Steve but it’s impossible to miss how stiff Tony is, the way he keeps glancing over to him out of the corner of his eye. It made him wonder why Tony even agreed to this, what his intentions were but Steve assured him that Tony was safe. T’Challa had too, telling him that Tony was hurt but not overwhelmed by it. Looking at the man, observing the way he presses himself into a corner as far away from Bucky as he can get, giving him suspicious looks, Bucky doubted that was true. He knew very well what fear looked like, felt like, and Tony was giving him ratings that were off the charts.
At least he wasn’t filtering through ways to kill him though, not like before. Sometimes… sometimes he’d lose time, before Tony did whatever to his mind, and he’d wake up somewhere with no memory of how he got there. That used to scare the hell out of him so he started to keep track of his time, his thoughts. But it was hard when things were so jumbled up and confusing in his head. Sometimes he’d be thinking about something and functioning fine and the next he’d wake up starving three countries over with no idea of how that happened. He’d look for clues, signs that he did something wrong, but he knew how to clean up after himself. The world had a half a dozen assassinations on file but his hit count was easily five times that. He still dreamed of them sometimes, usually in their last moments and it terrified him that all he felt was cold.
He’s seen so many people scared, afraid, begging for their lives and all he felt was cold. There was no guilt, not sadness, no empathy. Nothing. All he was was a cold shell doing someone else’s bidding. Steve assured him that the trigger words were gone; he was okay now, safe. But when he lost time before there were no words and he still 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
all the feels
Mental Health Issues
POV Alternating
Consent Issues
no rape to be clear though
the consent issues are elsewhere
also Tony will remain on bad terms with the Avengers in this
they are no longer a team
Dissociative Identity Disorder

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff

