Work Text:
There wasn't any other place to sit.Steve smoothed his hands over his slacks, looking down at his lap because…because it wasn't really right, was it? It wasn't really right for him to be here.The bed rocked a little under him, and he closed his eyes. The back of his neck was sweating, and his throat felt dry, and he was hard. How could he not be?But it wasn't supposed to be like this, it never went like this. Bucky always insisted on doing these double dates, but the girl meant for Steve always got that disappointed look, and Steve always found a reason to slink off so she wouldn't have to pretend to be nice to him. As often as not, both girls went home with Bucky, and Steve would…find someplace else to sleep that night.Bucky grunted and the girl made a little giggling sound. Steve looked around at her apartment. It was small, not much room. Definitely not room for an extra chair or anything. Just the bed and a couple of drawers. A photograph in a frame and a few hanging dresses.One dress on the floor.Steve twisted his knuckles so hard it hurt.He still didn't quite know how they'd ended up this way. Like usual, his girl had turned up her nose at him, and that had been fine. She'd made up an excuse, and just when Steve had been about to mumble out his own so Bucky and his dame could be alone, Bucky's girl had put her hand on his wrist and told him, "Stay."And so he had. Through dinner, and he'd chipped in his share even though he could hardly afford it. Through three drinks for them and one for him at the gin joint down the road, and then it had really been time to go, really.Then she'd invited them both back to her place.The sounds got even louder, the motions of the rickety bedframe wilder, and Bucky let out this groan, and Steve…Bucky would never have to know.Steve lifted his gaze, and wished he hadn't and was so, so glad he had. How many times had he wondered what this looked like? Pictured Bucky on top of a woman and pushing into her, naked back on display, and the firmness of his rear as it flexed, and there was more, too. There were all those curves, and Steve might not prefer dames, but even he wasn't made of stone. Soft breasts, heaving, and he'd never seen a girl without her shirt before. He'd never seen bare hips or the way those thighs could wrap around a fella.Bucky ducked his head and kissed her and slammed forward one more time, and then he was collapsing down, looking so damn sated and happy. Steve was beyond hard now, was aching, but there was another ache. A twist in his stomach.He wasn't supposed to be here.After a minute of lying there, panting, Bucky rolled off of her, and Steve couldn't help staring. Buck's prick was still stiff, and when he pulled off the prophylactic, the flesh beneath was shiny and wet and looked so good, resting proud against the trail of dark hair.A breathy sigh of laughter made Steve jerk his eyes away. "Your friend seems to have gotten a little less shy.""Stevie?" Bucky waved his hand dismissively. "Ain't shy. Just can't talk to women.""Wonder why," she said, and there was irony there. Like she knew. He looked up and met her eyes, and went cold. Yeah. She knew.Still, she pushed herself up and walked on her knees over to him, inserting herself right into his space, and he didn't know what to do when she straddled his lap. All her girl parts were on display with her legs spread like that, and she was so warm. She leaned in close and whispered in his ear, "Wanna put on a show for him, huh?"He couldn't breathe. He couldn't be having an asthma attack, not right now, but his lungs were tight, and then she was kissing him. Her lips were soft and tasted like smoke and gin and something sticky that was probably her lipstick. He opened up for it out of sheer confusion, and then her tongue was in his mouth. He gave a little whine, but he still couldn't get enough air.Only then the bed shifted, and Bucky was talking, low and rough, and the hand on Steve's was Bucky's. Big, warm, callused fingers pried Steve's death-grip from the sheet. "Relax, Stevie."Bucky's hand on his while he had a tongue in his mouth and legs spread across his hips was not helping him relax, but the panic ebbed a little, leaving a different kind of tightness, a different breathlessness. He let her kiss him, and because he was an idiot, he turned his hand over and intertwined Bucky's and his fingers, and Bucky didn't let go."That's right, baby," the girl said. She kissed down his throat and pulled at his tie, loosening it and undoing the top two buttons of his shirt. "You're just adorable, you know that?""I try?"She laughed and nibbled his ear, and Steve squeezed Bucky's hand harder. "Bet I could pick you up and have my way with you." She probably wasn't wrong. Louder, lifting her head, she asked, "He ever get his wick wet before?""Nah," Bucky replied. Steve's ears burned with shame. "You gonna break him in for me?""Think I just might."And the two of them talking over him, talking about…doing t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny!Steve
Virginity
First Time
First Kiss
Pining
1940s

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC

