Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” hollers Clint, dragging his feet as his daddy pulls him by the arm back to the big bedroom where Daddy sleeps.“I know you’re sorry, baby,” says Daddy patiently, still not letting go, “but that doesn’t change the fact that you disobeyed me again today.”Daddy drags him to the bedroom where he sits down on the edge of his bed and takes Clint into his lap, hugging him close. Clint buries his face in his daddy’s neck and whimpers.“I didn’t mean to,” whimpers the little boy sorrowfully.“That won’t do, Clint,” says Daddy gently. “Now I have to add telling a lie to your punishment.”“NO, Daddy,” pleads Clint, squirming.“Tell me what you did wrong, sweetheart.”“I don’t wanna,” pouts Clint, still hiding his face.“Clint,” says Daddy, unmistakable warning in his tone. When Daddy gets that tone, Clint had better obey him, and fast.“I…I said a bad word,” whispers the little boy.“A bad word?” asks Daddy.“SOME bad words,” corrects Clint quickly. “An…and I said them yesterday too.”“I’m disappointed, Clint,” says Daddy sadly, and Clint sobs a little. He’s not really crying, not yet, but he wants to. “What happened yesterday when you said those words?”“Daddy!” whines Clint. Daddy’s fingers slide threateningly down the back seam of Clint’s shorts and he shivers. “You…you brought me back here….”“Yes,”“And…and I hadda lie down on my tummy on a pillow.”“Then what?”Clint blushes furiously, relieved Daddy isn’t making him look in his eyes.“Then…then you pulled down my pants.”“That’s right.”“And y…you made me hold my bottom open. With my hands,” whispers Clint, feeling the same funny, squirmy feeling in his tummy that he always does when this happens.“Go on,” says Daddy encouragingly.“Oh Daddy,” whines Clint, “I don’t like to say it.”“Obey Daddy please Clint, or you get three punishments today.” This makes Clint gasp in fear.“No please,” he breathes. “I’ll tell you.”“Okay baby, go on.”“Then…you spanked me.”“That’s not good enough, sweetheart,” says Daddy sternly.“Ohh,” whimpers Clint, his face hot. “you…you spanked me on…on my hole. With your belt. It hurted so bad an’ I cried and cried.”“Yes, you did.”“I screamed, Daddy, an’ I begged an’ begged you to stop, but you didn’t. You spanked my hole for so long and it was really bad.”“I’m sure it was,” says Daddy kindly, stroking his strong hand down Clint’s back. “Keep going, love.”“Then,” gasps Clint, squirming some more because he feels really funny inside, “then you put the slippery stuff on my hole and it hurted a lot when you touched it and I cried more, and you put in your finger and I begged you not to cause it burned in my bottom when you did that but you did it anyway and….and…” Clint’s breath hitches in his chest. “and you put your….your…”“You can say it, baby, it’s all right,” says Daddy softly.“Your…c…cock…into my bottom, inside my hole where you whipped me, and oh Daddy, it hurt me so bad and I cried and screamed. You didn’t stop, and it was really bad, Daddy!”“If it was so bad,” muses Daddy, “then I wonder why you did the same thing today?” Clint’s eyes fly wide open as the meaning of his daddy’s words sink in.“Daddy,” he cries in sudden fear, “you’re not gonna do the same thing today are you?” He starts to tremble.“Not quite, love,” says Daddy in his warm, wonderful voice. Clint sighs in relief. It is short-lived. “Today after I whip your sore little hole hard again, and you are screaming and crying again, I am going to call your brother who you said bad words to, and he is going to come in here and I will let HIM spread your little cheeks open and put his cock into your punished hole.”Clint feels as though he’s been punched in his tummy. He has seen Steve’s cock once before, when it was big and hard. Steve had someone do some stuff to him a long time ago, and it made him really strong and big. Everywhere. Steve’s penis is huge, even bigger than Daddy’s, and Clint’s poor little hole clenches in fear at the thought of that big, fat cock pushing into his sore, burning, swollen bottom hole. He bursts into tears against his daddy’s neck.“Nooo,” he begs, “oh please Daddy, please don’t! I’m really sorry I said mean things to Steve,  just please don’t make him punish my hole that way! PLEASE Daddy! I promise, I’ll never ever do it again!”“Hush, Sweetheart,” says Daddy, petting Clint’s head while he cries in fear. “You’ve had a very bad potty mouth lately, and that’s bad enough. But when you say mean dirty words to your brother and hurt his feelings and disobey me, you must be punished. You had your naughty little hole punished severely yesterday, and I would have thought that would have been enough to teach you to watch what you say. I thought that when simple spankings didn’t work, then punishing you on the parts of your body that related to the naughty words you said would help you remember. But still I walked by you boys’ bedroom today and heard you arguing about your legos. What did you say to Steve, Clint?”Clint so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Spanking
Strapping
Anal Sex
Crying
Punishment
Roleplay
pretend non-com
Age Play
disciplinary rape
very intense depictions of harsh punishment of a minor
Oh god
I can't even put in enough warnings
This is honestly just sick
You probably shouldn't read it
really - Freeform
Go do something else!
This story has no redeeming qualities whatsoever
Incest
Sibling Incest
Parent/Child Incest
It is not too late to turn back
I feel dirty
Gonna go donate everything I own to orphans as penance
Please go pet a puppy and do not allow this sickness into your brain
Anal Plug
paddles
Switches
hole spanking
Peppermint oil
See it gets worse

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers

