Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I think we should get married,” Tony announced as he let himself into Steve’s apartment, plopping next to him on the couch.“And why would we do that?” Steve asked, only pausing long enough for the springs to settle before he resumed sketching.“Because we’re madly in love!” Hmm.  He tilted his head.  Was there something wrong with the hands?  The perspective seemed off.“Because we’re in like?”Maybe it was the shadowing.  A little too much on top and not enough—“Because I will pay you tons and tons of money?”Steve sighed, lowering his pad.  “Tony—”“Come on, Steve, come on,” Tony whined, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder and looking up at him pitifully.  “Can’t you do this teeny tiny favor for me?”“I’m not marrying you,” he said, ignoring the way his heart twinged in protest, because he’d been half in love with Tony for almost a year now, and he would never have dreamed he’d ever say those words  Oh, stop, he thought at it, annoyed and wistful.  He’s not serious, and you’re being ridiculous.“Why not?” Tony asked, looking baffled.“Why not?”  He lightly smacked Tony on the head with his sketchpad and stood up, taking a few steps before turning around to face him.  He normally enjoyed Tony’s lack of respect for personal boundaries—too much sometimes—but at that moment, he needed some distance between them.  “There are so many reasons why I won’t marry you, Tony, so many.”“Name one!”“How about we’re not even dating!”“See, there’s a remedy for that!  Steve, will you go out on a really long date with me that starts with dinner and ends in front of a judge—”“I can’t believe you,” he said, even though this was Tony, so actually he could.  “What is this about, Tony?  Really.”Tony’s face scrunched up.  “I may have told my parents that I got married,” he mumbled.“What?”“You don’t know my parents, Steve,” Tony said darkly.  “It’s always something with them.  ‘What do you mean it’s going to take you two years to graduate college and three to get your doctorate?  You want to start your own company?  Why would you do that when you could take over after your father?  You’re only bringing in ten million a year; how do you survive?  Do you have to wear sunglasses all the time?  You look like a drug dealer.’”  He sniffed.  “As if I could ever look anything other than amazing.  Seriously, it never ends with them.  When they started hinting about the marriage thing, I thought—I just wanted to get them off my back, you know?”  “But . . . but what does that have to do with me?” he asked plaintively while thinking, Ten million a year?  Holy crap. “It has everything to do with you, Steve.  Dear Steve.  Dear, sweet, helpful Steve.”“No.  No, Tony.  Why not Pepper?  Or Natasha?  Wouldn’t it make more sense to ask one of them?” “Oh, I told my parents years ago that I was gay.  Had to head them off at the pass about the whole grandkid thing.  Stroke of genius if I do say so myself.” He opened his mouth to say something, but . . . he really didn’t know how to respond to that.  It made so much Tony-sense that Steve couldn’t even berate him.“I’m not marrying you,” he repeated instead, trying to infuse the words with as much conviction as possible.“That’s okay,” Tony said, still looking hopefully at him.  “I don’t think they believed me when I said I eloped and got married by Elvis anyway.  What if we just say we’re engaged?”“I don’t want to lie to your parents!” he said, scandalized, and glared at the way Tony’s lips turned up.  Stupid Tony.  Stupid crush on stupid Tony.“Alright, what about just boyfriends then?” Tony said, giving in so easily that Steve had the irritating certainty that that had been exactly what Tony had been hoping for all along.  “That’s not really lying.  We’re friends.  And we’re boys.  Well, men.  Manly men even.  So manfriends then.  Except manfriends sounds a little raunchy, but maybe that’s just me.”He rubbed his face with his free hand.  “Are your parents coming to town or something?”“No, it’s my dad’s sixtieth birthday.  They’re throwing a big party, everyone’s invited, and as the only child, I’m expected to show up.  We’d fly out tomorrow, be back the day after that.  If you agreed,” he added, and Steve knew, just knew that Tony had already purchased the tickets for the both of them.“Come on, Steve, you’ll love it,” Tony said, the wheedling full force in his voice.  “My parents are staying in LA for the winter, and it’s beautiful out there.  No black snow on the ground or people resembling the Michelin Man because of all the layers they’re wearing.  Just gorgeous beaches and gorgeous people with tons of food and a tub in your bathroom so big, you could swim in it.  I’ll even fly you first class.  You’ll be in the lap of luxury the whole time.”Rather than admitting the only gorgeous person or view he wanted was the one right in front of him, Steve said, “Tony, you know I don’t care about that sort of thing.”“You’re right, I do know, and seriously, what is wrong with you?  How are we 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Alternate Universe
Non-superhero AU
Tony's parents are alive
Pining
Oblivious Tony
Steve Feels
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

