Work Text:
Barnes' den is outside of the city, somewhere deep in the forest. Sam has no way of knowing how far they travel or how long it takes. Barnes drives evasively, looping and circling back to throw off a possible tail. He positioned Sam in the footwell of the backseat, covered by a blanket and completely hidden from view, so Sam only knows they've left Belgrade because the ride gets exponentially bumpier once they switch to dirt roads. Sam resigns himself to the rattling and tries not to bruise anything too sensitive.Sam thinks, darkly, that all the evasive driving also prevents Sam from knowing how to get to the den by himself. Or how to leave. This is like something out of those ripped-from-the-headlines Lifetime movies: gruff, handsome alpha lures hapless beta into his car, beta is never heard from again.  Steve, Sam reminds himself. Steve is at the den. Sam needs to get to Steve. He can figure the rest out later.They finally roll to a stop after at least a couple hours of driving. Sam flips the blanket off of his head and takes a deep breath of relatively fresh air.“Please tell me we’re there.” Sam props himself up on an elbow and sneaks a look out through the back window. “I can’t feel my legs, and it smells like gym socks down here.”Barnes turns around and actually smiles at him. It’s a weirdly sweet expression for a huge beefy dude wearing a kevlar-lined jacket and carrying at least a dozen knives. “We’re here. Come look.”Barnes climbs out, opens the back door, and grabs Sam’s forearm to help lever him up from the footwell. Sam’s knees lock immediately, his legs stiff and aching after being folded in one position for so long. He leans on Barnes and gapes at the cabin.“Cabin” is an understatement. The wood frame house is two stories, with a stone foundation and chimney and a wrap-around porch. Sam was expecting something closer to a dank, windowless basement than a luxury summer retreat, but that wouldn’t be much of a den for a budding pack to call home, and apparently even semi-feral alphas have standards.Steve opens the front door and sucks in a breath at the sight of them. Sam is indescribably relieved to see him standing there, unharmed and nonplussed, right where Barnes said he would be. “Sam?”“Steve,” Barnes says happily. He lets go of Sam, watches for a second to see if Sam’s going to fall over--which Sam refuses to do, no matter how pins-and-needles wobbly his legs have gotten; he has  some dignity left, okay?--then intercepts Steve as he jogs down the cabin steps. Barnes wraps an arm around Steve and noses his temple briefly, then nudges him towards Sam.Steve takes hold of Sam’s shoulders and sniffs him all over, forehead wrinkling in concern. Sam knows he must smell like adrenaline and stale fear. "You okay?""Yeah, you?""I'm fine. Sorry for disappearing like that. You sure you’re okay?"There's a fresh bonding bite on Steve's neck, overlapping the silver scar he's had for as long as Sam's known him. Unsurprisingly, Steve smells like sex and Barnes. They'd talked about this after D.C., about whether Steve would renew his bond with Barnes if the opportunity came up. Sam had given Steve his blessing. He's not such an asshole that he'd prevent Steve from reuniting with his bonded alpha, especially when it's obvious he's still in love with the guy.It's Sam’s own mark that's unexpected. Sam had assumed that he and Barnes would learn to share, or if they couldn't, that Steve would choose between them. He hadn't counted on Barnes deciding to claim Sam, too."You know that relationship conversation about Bucky we had a while back?" Sam says. He tilts his head so Steve can see the bruise Barnes’ bite left over his scent gland. Steve's jaw drops. "We need to have another one.""Oh, wow," Steve breathes. Then his eyes narrow as he puts two and two together. He puffs up, puts his hands on his hips, and glares at Barnes, who’s unloading supplies from the car."Bucky!" Steve snaps. Barnes, one hand on the cabin door, freezes in place like a kid caught raiding the cookie jar. "You colossal knothead, did you even ask Sam what he wanted to do, or did you just mark him up and haul him back to your den?"Barnes' eyes flick from side to side, as if he'll find the right answer hidden somewhere in the pine trees. Eventually he just hunches his shoulders and slinks into the cabin like an embarrassed panther.Steve groans and rubs his hands over his face. "I can't believe him. Sorry, Sam. He was just supposed to pick up my stuff and leave a note and a burner phone for you. I was going to call you and explain, let you decide what you wanted to do next. Now that you're here, though..." His voice trails off as he brushes gentle fingers over the mark Barnes left on Sam's neck.Steve looks so hopeful, almost reverent. It occurs to Sam that just because they never talked about the possibility of Barnes claiming Sam doesn't mean Steve didn't think about it."You wanted this, didn't you? All three of us together?""Doesn't mat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Sam Wilson
Omega Steve Rogers
mildly feral Bucky
Good Boyfriend Steve Rogers
highly adaptable Sam
Cabin Fic
Fluff and Smut
domestic as hell
a good faith attempt at polyamory negotiation
which is rapidly derailed by pr0n
because fic
Possessive Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

