Chapter 1



Summary:

Nightmares!!!! Mysterious de-aging!!! The ex-avengers??? T'Challa!!





Chapter Text
“T’alla?” The whisper of his name, mangled though it is by a toddler’s tongue, draws T’Challa quickly from his light doze. He blinks in the bright beam of light piercing his dark bedroom; light, he realizes, that is escaping from the door, which is standing open.
“Anthony,” he murmurs, sleep rough, and sits up to regard the small figure outlined in the doorway. “Is something wrong?”
The toddler shuffles his feet but does not move further into the room. T’Challa wishes he could see his expression, but Anthony’s face is cast into shadow by the light of the hallway. “Where is Okoye,” he tries again. T’Challa hadn’t left the most important man in his life unguarded, but here Anthony is, wandering freely.
His half-formed fear and irritation is immediately assuaged by a soft, “Here, your majesty.” Okoye steps into view behind Anthony and bows shallowly.  “He woke alarmed,”  she continues in Wakandan.  “A nightmare, I believe. He wanted to see you. I apologize for disturbing-” 
T’Challa waves her apologies away and turns his attention towards her silent charge. “Come here, Anthony,” he says quietly, and the boy flings himself across the floor. It’s a marked change from when Anthony arrived a week and a half ago, shivering and flinching from every touch, no matter how gentle. T’Challa slips to his knees next to the bed just in time to catch him. Anthony is shaking, he realizes abruptly, shuddering with the force of the tears that soon soak the shoulder of T'Challa's shirt.
“I-I,” his voice shakes with sobs, “I had a ba-a-ad d-dream. C-can I sleep with you?”
T’Challa presses a kiss to the top of Anthony’s head and closes his eyes. At least Anthony trusts him with this, now. “Of course,  mabhebeza.” Anthony is still shaking, so T’Challa pulls the boy closer and runs a hand down his back. He’s far too skilled at comforting Anthony through nightmares, although the ability to easily scoop the boy up and set him on the bed, as he does now, is new.
When T’Challa sits down on the bed next to Anthony, the boy scrambles up onto his lap and latches onto his shirt. Carefully, T’Challa maneuvers them both to lay propped on the pillows, Anthony on his chest. T’Challa can feel the boy’s breath shuddering, although the tears have stopped, and he strokes Anthony’s back and whispers comfort until he falls still.
The room falls into silence, Okoye having long since departed, broken only by the occasional hitch in Anthony’s breath. T’Challa cards his other hand through Anthony’s soft hair and asks, “can you tell me what you dreamt of?”
Anthony remains silent for a moment, but T’Challa is patient. “I was- I was stuck in metal, all of me, and I couldn’ move my hands or feet or  anything  and it was really cold.” T’Challa has a sinking feeling that he recognizes this particular nightmare -  damn wormhole - but he’s surprised as Anthony turns his face into T’Challa’s shirt and continues, muffled, “and there was a man.” He stops, breath hitching, and T’Challa pulls him closer.
“A man?” he prompts, gently encouraging. Anthony nods against his chest.
“Y-yeah. He was big an’ strong an’ he-” Anthony’s voice drops to a whisper, “an’ he  looked  like Cap’n ‘Merica, but he couldn’ be, ‘cause he was  hittin’  me, an’ I know Cap’n ‘Merica doesn’t hit little kids ‘cause he’s better than daddy, better than  anyone. ”
“Oh,  mabhebeza.” Emotion tightens T’Challa’s throat for a moment. In lieu of words, he pulls Anthony closer. “It was just a dream, Anthony.” A lie, and it hurts. “I won’t let anyone hurt you, ever. You are safe with me.” This is the unadulterated truth.
Anthony sighs and tucks his head into the crook of T’Challa’s neck. “He was so  mad,” he mumbles, already half-asleep.
T’Challa nods, silent, and cards his fingers through Anthony’s hair until the boy’s eyes flutter shut and his breathing evens. T’Challa stares up at the ceiling and does not sleep.
They are eating breakfast three days later when one of the Dora Milaje steps up to their table. T’Challa encourages Anthony to finish his enthusiastic re-telling of yesterday’s foray into the jungle with Shuri before he turns to the woman. “ Yes, Khuthala?”
Khuthala bows shallowly before delivering her news.  “Steve Rogers is here to see you, majesty.” 
T’Challa tenses just as he feels Anthony’s excited fidgeting halt next to him. “Wha’d she say?” Anthony asks quietly, but the slight tremble in his voice reveals that he recognizes the name.
T’Challa curses internally and dismisses Khuthala externally before he turns towards Anthony. “An… acquaintance of mine is here to see me.”
“Steve Rogers?” Anthony is still so quiet, his gaze directed at the napkin he’s fiddling with. When T’Challa doesn't respond immediately, Anthony looks up, fear raging with excitement and confusion in his eyes. “Cap’n America?”
Slowly, T’Challa nods. “Yes. Captain America.”
“Oh.” Anthony looks down again. Then, “c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
past one-sided Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Fluff
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Panic Attacks
Steve has Good Intentions™
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
And He Gets One!

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
past one-sided Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

