Work Text:
A typical day in the Avengers Tower was as their usual start. Getting up at all kinds of hours, beginning with Steve heading out for a jog at 6 am sharp and eating when returning, just around the time Clint appears through the air vents, around 7 am before disappearing off into the vents again after eating. Tony constantly nags him about that, but let's him anyway. Natasha comes in around 9 am, sitting there for a good while and eating, joined by Bruce around 9.30 am. Thor comes, half naked into the kitchen around 11 am, not awake until he has had at least one cup of coffee and one poptart. Lastly, if not at all, is Tony, who'd stumble in around 2 pm, his brain not even functioning yet. Or he'd come in around 3.30 pm, grabbing a cup of coffee and chat with whoever was there, in that case, having staying in the workshop all night. By that time, the rest was either eating lunch or in Steve's case, dinner.Then the day moves on to a possible mission to kick some super villains ass, again, if not, they gather in the movie room and watch something random, though Tony rarely showed up, he did try when he could. The rest staying there till around 10 pm when Steve goes to bed, followed by Bruce a few minutes later. Natasha and Clint will go to bed around 12 pm and Tony, who is either not there, or already asleep, in which case, he stays there throughout the night, snoring away to wake up around 4 am and goes either to his workshop or his room.Very boring in the length, but they didn't mind, even if they weren't all human. It wasn't a common knowledge, but it was known between the team members who decided to tell the rest that they were an aniuman, a cross specie between human and animal, though divided into three categories, Alpha, Omega and Beta. It was pretty obvious what Clint was, an Omega hawk, belonging rightfully to Coulson by their bond as mates.Sometimes they'd find feathers littered about in the towers, chairs and couches, and Tony would constantly bitch about feathers in the air vents and yell at the archer to clean up after himself. Though Tony never actually seemed to mind in the end. Natasha, an Alpha leopard, wasn't much different from usual, but she had sharp nails to go with her attitude of a large feline and no one messed with her when she was in the mood for a kill, which she often was due to her Alpha nature. Bruce, the good typical large house dog, a Beta Labrador that goes into aggressive, rabid Alpha wolf when hulking out, though usually he had large, brown, fluffy ears that Tony just loves to pull whenever Bruce is brave enough to show his form, which is very rare. Thor, obviously, is a demigod, that explains it all. Nothing else is known about that last two though, though the rest knew that neither Steve, or Tony was human, they just hadn't told them yet, even if they aren't all to aware themselves from how they act.
 It doesn't come to Steve as a surprise when he find Tony in his workshop, but not as engrossed with his work as usual. He's been there a few days now, which doesn't worry the team too much really. The moment Steve enters the room Tony goes rigid, sniffing the air like an animal before turning away completely.“What's up cap?” he sounds oddly forced. Steve let it go in favor of his task at hand “dinner, you weren't at breakfast, nor lunch-” he stopped when Tony whirled around in his chair, easily, and almost feline in movement moves out of the chair, grabs the plate with whatever Steve cooked for them all was in. It's down within a few minutes, with Tony sitting on a nearby work desk using a finger to literary clean the plate. Then he looks at Steve with the kind of hungry look only a dog could muster, holding out the plate towards him.“More?” he asked, sounding far to innocent and Steve is nods, keeping his face straight.“Come up then.” but Tony shakes his head. Something is odd about him today. “Busy..” he just mutters and goes back to his work. As he passes Steve, the captain catches a new scent from the man, sweet, inviting, wanting. Steve blushes before fleeing the room, hoping Tony didn't see the shameful look Steve had on his face. He get's Bruce to go back with a second round of food to Tony. Natasha sit down at the table as he returns.“To busy to eat?” she asked. Steve shakes his head. “No, didn't seem so, he ate it all within a few minutes and asked for seconds after nearly licking the plate clean..” he said. Natasha stared back before she groaned.“Of all the times of the year-” she muttered to herself. “What?” Steve asked. Natasha sighed.“It's possible he is an aniuman, like us, or rather, like me, and he might be going into heat, which our kind does when finding it necessary to breed.” and Steve's mouth falls, as does Clint's, making the cereal pour out of his mouth making him look really ridiculous. “Okay, thanks, too much info, thanks Tasha.. heading out!” the hawk is quick into the air vents again.“Well, if he is in heat, Dr. Banner will notice..” a short
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Knotting
Aniuman
Half human half animal
Mentioning of Clint/Phil
Tony going into heat
is kinda hot
but really
it's just PwP
The plot kinda disappeared somewhere..
Mpreg
First Time

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

