Work Text:
 
Loki dies on the desolate plains of Svartalfheim, Thor's howls of grief ringing in his ears.
He surges up from his bed in his cell. The metal cup he was playing with tumbles to the ground with a muted clang. Heart pounding, Loki looks around. Everything is in place. As though he hadn't torn through the place a few hours ago. As though the attack had never happened. As though Thor had never let him out.
Loki raises his hand to his chest. It almost throbs with remembered pain, but there is no wound. Had there ever been one? Had the past day been just a nightmare? Or a portent? A chance to fix his mistakes? He huffs a laugh at the last thought. The universe would never be so kind to him to allow himthat. He has never been so lucky.
Lost in his thoughts as he has been, he only now registers the growing commotion outside of his cell. The noises are chillingly familiar.
Loki stands and goes to the energy barrier, looking out. Sure enough, the Kursed is free and freeing others, killing whatever guards he comes across. He ignores the other prisoners gleefully joining in. His full attention is on the Kursed. The creature that had killed the one person in all of Yggdrasil who still held any affection for him. Loki's chest burns, whether from phantom pain or the force of his anger. He cannot tell anymore.
Not a dream then.
Soon, the creature will reach his cell. Like before, it is unlikely to let him out. Especially now, when he cannot hope to control the expression on his face. The emotions are still too raw. And he does not wish to. There is no need for him to exit his cell to accomplish what he wants. He does not need to say a single word.
Like he should not have before. The first time. Loki can fix this. He will. He must.
When the creature finally stands before his cell, Loki does not hide his sneer. This creature's days are finished, whatever the outcome of this day. Loki will not forget and he will not forgive. When Thor lets him out to enact his ridiculous plan for the Aether, Loki will be ready. He will kill the Kursed again.
It looks at him, almost confused at Loki's blatant hostility. Like before, it leaves without breaking the energy keeping him within his cell. This time, Loki does not call out to it.
Loki spends the aftermath of the battle in the dungeons pacing. After the Kursed had gotten away, the fighting had died down. Thor had raced off to battle the Dark Elves attacking the palace. Occasionally, the very stones above him shook. But it would all be fine. Thor would arrive on time. Or Odin. The Kursed might even still be wandering, unable to find its way. The thought makes him smile.
All will be well. Asgard would repel the Elves and events would continue like they had, with the only difference that mattered. Only this time Loki does not intend to be stabbed upon the same weapon he had used. His blood still burns with the remembered poison that was the Kursed's blood.
Loki stops as a thought occurs to him. He curses under his breath. He has half been awaiting another guard to come and tell him the result of the battle. Except there would be no need for a guard to come down to the dungeons to tell him anything if all was well. What reason would they have to spare a thought for a mere prisoner? Thor might not even need his help. In this case, no news was good news. Even if it cost him his chance at the Kursed. Loki can live with that. He smiles, relief pressing down on him like a tidal wave.
He turns. A guard is standing in front of his cell.
Loki does not come to his senses until he hears Thor's voice. He blinks and sees what he's done to his cell. It has been utterly destroyed, burned away. Compared to the ruin now, last time it had only been a little untidy. Last time, he had spent his guilt and rage over the cell. This time, he does not even know what he'd felt. It had not been his fault. This time. Not directly. How foolish had he been to think his words were all that had decided her fate? One sentence of direction versus thousands of other variables. None of which he knew. How arrogant of him to think his words were the lynchpin. The Kursed had probably not even listened to him the first time either.
"Loki," Thor says again. There's an edge to his voice that makes Loki think he has been repeating himself for quite some time.
"Th-" he coughs, his throat feels shredded. He swallows and tries again, turning his head to look upon his brother.
"Thor." His voice is flat. Hoarse. Thor does not look as cold as last time. He is trying, but grief and surprise at Loki's state have made a shambles of his attempt. Perhaps he should not have tried to hide last time. There is only one course of action left to him. One slim hope this had not been a wasted chance. Perhaps...perhaps he can try again. If nothing else changes...
Loki staggers up, ignoring the soot and ash streaked all over him. His hand leaves a paler imprint on the wall when he uses it to regain his balance. Pain in his left foot makes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Temporary Character Death
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Time Loop
Fix-It
Thor: The Dark World
Suicide
Violence
Fantastic Racism
Mental Instability
Revenge
Odin's A+ Parenting
Loki Needs a Hug
Angst

fandom: 
None
