Work Text:
There are lots of things people don't know about Tony.
For one, he runs on about four and a half hours sleep on good days, bad days about two. He makes up for the sleep thing with coffee, triple shots on his good days and you don't want to know how much caffeine is in it on a bad one. JARVIS despite being not actually a person tuts annoyingly at him as a he sips it.
Without question, Jarvis, human Jarvis that is, was his favourite person. Despite his mom maybe, but Jarvis used to read to him at night and genuinely seem interested in the things he did. That's why Jarvis got the honour of being forever embedded in his AI. He would never admit it but he's pretty sure computer JARVIS is still his favourite.
Tonys never had a best friend before Rhodey. They meet in college, when Tony was a far too young freshmen and Rhodey was willing to take in the annoyingly cocky on the outside, yet surprisingly actually timid genius. Rhodey makes it to his list of favourite people.
His favourite movie series is Star Wars, he'd watched them more than enough times he can quote them word for word, even the new one. But he thinks the Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings series are adequate to watch.
Tonys favourite colour is red. Enough said.
He tells people his idol is Jimmy Hendrix or someone ridiculous like Hugh Heffner in interviews, just to keep the pretence up. Only Fury and Colson (fuck Fury for being as old as dinosaurs and knowing his father) know that when he was 5 he had a Captain America poster above his bed. When his dad tore it down in a drunken stupor at 7 he stopped believing in idols.
Then at 44 they had to go find the star spangled man, and Tony only had to give Colson a look before he knew to keep his bloody mouth shut. He's not sure how the patriotic dinosaur ended up living in his tower but Tony's life has never been normal.
There are lots of things people don't know about Tony, not because he necessarily doesn't tell them. They just don't ask, he supposes.
Okay no, he probably still wouldn't tell them. He doesn't need Natasha asking him what his favourite food is just so she can secretly poison him with it, or have Clint ragging on his favourite book - The Great Gatsby is timeless okay. 
Not that he thinks the people he lives and work with are evil, or purposely go out to make his life a living hell. They're reasonably nice and showed him as such. He just doesn't fully trust them. He has no reason too. Besides, the last person he trusted tried to take out his heart, literally.
They're co-workers. He likes them, tolerates they're company on movie nights, works with Banner in the lab, make's Clint new arrows, makes Thor appliances he can't break with his super strength and helps Cap with being technically inept - teaching technology to old people is what Satan must assign people in hell - but that doesn't mean he trusts them.
They are on a need to know basis, that's it.
One of the information that Tony very purposely keeps classified is that to do with his health. Not in a narcissist type of way, but it's better for every party involved that that information stays fully sealed. Nobody except him and a handful of specialists know how the Arc Reactor works and that's the way it will stay. It's such a highly advanced piece of technology that in the wrong hands would be chaotic.
Plus it literally keeps him alive. That kind of information could make him vulnerable to an enemy. It's basically a blub of light that screams helplessness, while also displaying how much on an asset he is. It's crucial this information never reaches the light of day. So his team are on a need to know basis and they are certainly not allowed to know much about it.
So no, nobody but Jarvis knows that when it rains he gets short on breath and can literally feel the metal cooling down reaching every part of his body. Nobody knows that parts of his lungs and ribs had to be altered to fit the reactor and he gets sharp pains every so often that cripple him for hours. Nobody knows that he gets short on breath in training sessions because his lungs have been altered, and he has a condition that comes up occasionally that could be described as asthma. But Tony Stark doesn't have something as banal as asthma.
Particularly, nobody knows that Tony Stark hates with a fiery passion getting sick. There are many reasons for this. Nobody in the world likes getting sick obviously. And there may be some deep rooted problem that he should probably talk to a professional with about how when he was sick as a child nobody was there to look after him, his farther drinking and his mom MIA so he would just ride it out, ignoring his 6 year old desire and need to be coddled.
 However, with the arc reactor a simple cold becomes so much worse. Because the coughing interrupts the rector and sends sharp painful motions throughout his chest, crippling him in agony. A runny nose blocks his already limited airways making it difficult to breathe often causing panic 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Arc Reactor
Arc Reactor Issues
Sick Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Sick Fic
sick
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Avengers
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Fluff

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

