Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was long past midnight when Tony crossed the Wakandan border. Exhausted didn't begin to cover his state of mind, but he refused to stop for fear that, if he took even a few minutes to rest, he wouldn't be able to keep going. And he couldn't stop when he was this close. He kept moving, kept smiling, kept rambling, all to bluff his way past the guards and be granted an audience with the King and his unofficial guests.Surprisingly, Clint was the only one who showed up openly armed. But it seemed safest to assume that everyone else was, too. Tony's gaze skated over Sam, Scott, Clint, Natasha - and finally landed on Steve. All of them looked so cold, so unfriendly. Considering that they hadn't parted on the best of terms, Tony curled instinctively around the bundle in his arms.T'Challa joined them a moment later, still fully dressed in spite of the late hour. He surveyed Tony for a moment, and then he asked, "What brings you to my doorstep, Tony Stark?" "I... I'm..." All of the rehearsed words dried up in his head. He'd spent hours thinking of what he would say, the explanations he could give, and all of it was gone in the span of two seconds. Tony stared, not at the King, but at Steve, as though that would be enough. The silence dragged on.And then the bundle in his arms started to cry. Frankly, it was amazing that hadn't happened sooner. Tony winced a little, tried to soothe it without letting on what was inside, because he didn't know if this was a safe place yet or not. There was a long, shocked pause, broken only by the pitiful wails, before Scott finally spoke."Are you carrying a baby?" He looked around at the others. "Wait. I'm not the only hearing this, right?""Tony?" Steve said, eyebrows high."She's yours," Tony blurted out, and okay, maybe that wasn't the best way to go about doing it, but he was just - he was so tired. "Yours and - and mine. Ours.""And Stark has finally lost it," said Clint, drawing an arrow from the quiver on his back and fitting it to his bow. Tony had built that bow, once upon a time. He could still remember the grin on Clint's face when Tony handed it over to him. At the sight of it, or maybe at the unwanted memory, Tony flinched. Natasha silently reached out and set a restraining hand on Clint's arm."Ours?" Steve repeated. "Tony, I know the future has come a long way, but that's -""Ross was experimenting," Tony said to his shoes. There was a hole in the right one, his big toe poking through. His tongue felt numb, words tripping out. "He wanted the serum. He wanted - he tried cloning but none of the test subjects were surviving the process, see, we're not that far along and it wasn't working for him, so he thought that the next generation might be more diluted, more workable, and at the same time they could get a Stark that actually listened -""Not possible," Clint stage whispered."But we're both male," said Steve at the same time, looking at Natasha and T'Challa, as though they might offer up some words of wisdom."Science," Tony said, shrugging. There was a better explanation, of course. It had to do with a hell of a lot of research and some experimentation that was definitely illegal. But Ross had made it a point to tell him as little as possible, and besides that biology had never been Tony's strongest point. Especially not when he hadn't slept for the past five days. It was taking everything he had just to keep functioning at this point, never mind delving into a highly scientific explanation that only a handful of people would actually understand.Steve scowled, crossing his arms. "How would he even get a sample from me?""Had sex since you woke up?" Tony said, past the point of being tactful.The tips of Steve's ears colored, but he nodded."All it takes is one woman or man working for the wrong side. One condom." At one time Tony might've leered. Or smirked. Now he just looked at Steve, willing him to believe what was an admittedly ludicrous story."And I bet they had so much trouble getting your sample," Clint drawled. The arrow was still drawn."I didn't give it. They took it," Tony said without thinking. It was true, but he didn't like the frankly astonished look Clint gave him. Or the frowns that were beginning to appear on everyone else's faces. It was like looking at a crowd of strangers. He shivered, holding the crying bundle a little tighter, and wondered if this had been a mistake after all.But he had nowhere else to go."Okay, this is way past the point of weird, but frankly you look like you're in shock and I think you need to sit down and maybe drink something warm," said Sam, squinting at Tony."I'm fine. I just - would you keep her?" Tony said, turning to Steve."What?" Steve recoiled, and Tony's heart sank.This was the only place she would be safe."They grew her in a test tube," he said tightly, willing Steve to understand. "The others - she's an experiment for them, Steve. Not a baby. I can't keep her safe. I thought maybe you - please. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Kid Fic
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
science makes it happen
Hand wavy science
General Ross is an asshole
the man deserves to be taken out back and shot
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
tony stark has insecurity issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
literally implied
because this is tony
and he can't bear to lay any weakness out there for the team to see
but then can we blame him
Platonic Hugging
Platonic Cuddling
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Pre-Slash
pre-tony stark/steve rogers - Freeform
I'm aiming for a happy ending
I can't guarantee we'll get all the way there
but i'm trying
tony stark is an awesome dad
tony thinks the team hates him
he's not entirely wrong
Awkwardness
Awkward Conversations
tony is broken
he's not sure how to put himself back together
and no one else realizes that yet
a dear john letter never solves problems
someone needs to sit steve down and tell him that
what goes around comes around STEVE
Babies
babies are hard work
vaguely mentioned children being grown in laboratories
and general experimentation
guilt trips
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Friend
and a good uncle
steve's a bit of a bully
no one in the MCU talks to each other
it's really annoying
tony stark is self sacrificing
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
but he's an excellent parent anyway
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

