Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Five o'clock in the afternoon was a quiet time for the Iron, the jewel in the admittedly somewhat tarnished crown of Tony Stark's empire. In the little dives peppered around the north side, workers coming off the day shift might be whispering passwords through doors and settling in for a beer, but you didn't get the roughneck crowd at the Iron. Things wouldn't pick up in the big, windowless underground room until eight or nine o'clock, when the glam girls and the rich boys began to flood through the big iron door, ready for some rough horn and the smoothest illegal cocktails anywhere in Chicago.
The quiet suited Tony, sitting in the back room of the bar and enjoying the fruits of some far-off distiller's labor. This particular batch was from a farmhouse down Indiana way -- Tony didn't usually hold with bathtub hooch but Banner had a knack for making whisky that didn't drive you blind and strong beer that came cheap. Tony assumed he'd maybe been some kind of brewmaster before Prohibition. He hadn't asked, and Banner hadn't volunteered the information on any of Tony's visits to check out the operation. Certainly Banner's farm produced about enough corn and hops for the drink, and mostly dust otherwise.
Tony sat back in the plush red chair, adjusted his silk tie and tugged on his waistcoat, ruby ring clicking against the thick glass he held in his hand.
"Jarvis," he said, and one of the men sitting around the table inclined his head. "You're up first."
Jarvis "English" Ayres-Ingraham, an expat Pepper had found for Tony somewhere, smiled his cool toothy grin and folded his hands.
"Well, we're paid up through the month, even the little places," he said. His eyes drifted upwards, as they usually did when he was employing his somewhat inhuman memory skills. "Your beer hall down on Clybourn, you really will have to speak to them, sir; the manager keeps trying to skim the payoffs for the police, and sooner or later they're going to get tired of having to count their cash every time they stop by."
"I've been checking his books," Pepper said. Her perfectly manicured nails tapped against the table. "He's nasty, Tony, I don't like him."
"Your word is law," Tony replied, smiling. "Nix him. Will he squeal if he's cut loose?"
"I don't think so," Jarvis replied. "I'd like to send the Hammer, though, just to be sure."
Tony glanced at Thor. Very few men squealed when they'd had a stern lecture on silence from the Hammer. Thor shrugged. "Not a problem."
"Done," Tony said. "Did the mayor get our campaign contribution?"
"Oh yes. He was pleased. No trouble there," Jarvis replied smoothly. "That said, the police commissioner's not all he ought to be."
"I heard something about this," Pepper murmured.
"Another anti-corruption campaign in the force?" Tony asked.
"Not entirely certain," Jarvis replied. "He's brought in some ringers from back east to fill out the ranks, however, and I thought it best to be informed."
"I've got rum-runners crossing the Canadian border, crossing state lines, hauling booze through the docks. I've got illegal workers unloading crates in half a dozen warehouses, I've got fifteen speakeasies this side of downtown and three under downtown itself," Tony said. "I cannot afford for the police to grab a thread."
"Hence the preparedness," Jarvis said smoothly. "I've had some of our people going over the new officers' information. I've made a few calls to New York, too. Most of them are known to the outfit there; they won't be a problem."
"So?"
"There's one I can't get a handle on," Jarvis admitted. "A new detective in Homicide."
"Straight-shooter?"
"Hard to say. Not much background on him. I'll provide Pepper with what I have. At any rate, we aren't in the murder business. He shouldn't give us much trouble."
"Get more on him," Tony ordered.
"Of course, sir."
"What's his name?"
"Rogers," Jarvis said. "Detective Steven Rogers."
***
There was a very dead man lying in the snow at the edge of Lake Shore Drive, between the road and the lake.
"First day on the job, sir?" the sergeant standing guard behind Steve asked.
"Yep," Steve said, staring at the body.
"Takin' it pretty well."
"Not exactly my first dead body," Steve replied.
"Not exactly a nice one, though, either," the sergeant pointed out. This was true. He hoped the guy still had his wallet on him, because what was left of his face was not going to help.



"None of 'em are nice," Steve replied. "Anyway, seen worse in the war."
He picked his way through the snow, careful to leave a straight trail to the body without disturbing anything, and crouched over it. Whoever he was, he'd been in the cold a long time; his skin was grey where it wasn't blue, and he'd taken a beating even before that.
"Bum, probably," the sergeant offered.
"Doubt it," Steve said. "These are some pretty fine threads. And..." he reached into the man's jacket, cautiously, and came away with a billfold. The frozen leather cracked as he forced it open. "C-note in here. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Noir
Alternate Universe
Gangsters
Detectives
Bootlegging
Chicago - Freeform
Speakeasies
Gay Speakeasies
Internalized Homophobia
mild era-specific -ism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

