Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was Loki’s wedding day.
 
He stood before Odin, before the whole of Asgard, and beside his brother.
 
His brother.
 
While Loki held no great love for Thor, he was still raised with the brute. Together they had grown from babes to boys, from boys to men, all under the watchful eyes of their oh-so-loving parents. Yet Odin stood before them now, binding them eternally in marriage, without so much as batting an eyelid. Frigga stood to the side in her voluminous red gown, jewels around her neck and on her fingers, looking as serene and beautiful as Loki had ever seen her.
 
Loki had, of course, forgotten that he was never really part of the family in the first place. How foolish of him. Why should they care that Loki didn’t want this, that he couldn’t bear the thought of Thor’s arms around him, Thor’s kisses on his lips? He was no child of theirs, and if their beloved golden son wanted the Jotun criminal in his bed, why should they complain? Thor was one of the only people on Asgard who could truly control Loki. With his magic bound within him, Loki could not fight his brother.
 
He felt Thor’s hand wrap around his wrist, squeezing it gently as Odin blathered on. Loki made no attempt at discretion when he yanked it back. Let all of Asgard know of his hatred. Thor, unperturbed, gave him what was clearly his attempt at a comforting smile. If Loki had his magic, he’d have melted his face off.
 
The ceremony was coming to an end, and Loki turned his attention back to the king. Odin was saying the final words, the words that would sentence Loki forever. Thor was watching him closely, intently, as though waiting for Loki to make his escape. Loki knew there would be no escape, not now. He was trapped.
 
“From this day forth, I, Odin Allfather, pronounce you united by the eternal bonds of matrimony.”
 
There was silence. Loki stared at his boots, the weight of the king’s words reverberating through him. It was done, whether or not he consented to it in the first place. It was done.
 
He felt more than saw Thor lean towards him for the customary matrimonial kiss. He turned his head away, blatantly rejecting his brother. Thor merely gave an annoyed little growl at the show of disobedience. He put an arm around Loki’s shoulders, tugging him into the kind of embrace he used to give Loki when they were younger – the kind that usually meant Loki was about to be subjected to vigorous hair-rubbing, while he struggled and Thor laughed. This time, however, Thor simply pressed a kiss to his hairline, then released him.
 
There was polite applause from the audience, but Loki did not look at them even as Thor turned to bask in their attention. It was Thor’s grand moment, Thor’s victory, not Loki’s. Never Loki’s. He felt Thor’s firm hand grab him by the wrist, tugging him forward. Resistance now would only make this even more of a spectacle, and he had no desire to be forcibly dragged along by Thor’s superior strength, once again proving his own inferiority. So Loki went quietly. He was led by his brother into the feasting hall, where celebrations would no doubt go well into the night. Celebrations for whom, Loki was uncertain. The people of Asgard were no happier about his return than he was. No doubt they celebrated the taming of wicked, monstrous Loki by their mighty Golden Prince.
 
Thor led him over to the feasting table, then released him in favour of pulling out Loki’s chair. Loki gave him a withering look. But Thor merely rolled his eyes, taking it good-naturedly. He stepped back and allowed Loki to seat himself. How magnanimous of him.
 
The oaf clunked down next to Loki like a sack of potatoes, immediately piling food onto his plate, tearing into it with unseemly enthusiasm. Thor had always lacked even the most basic of manners. Yet somehow that was seen as quintessentially masculine, the mark of a warrior. Personally, Loki could see nothing particularly impressive about it when a piece of meat flew from Thor’s mouth to land on Loki’s sleeve. He brushed it off with a look of disgust.
 
The feast was much the same as all of Asgard’s feasts. There was food flying everywhere, mead sloshing all over the tables and floor, and increasingly-intoxicated warriors boasting loudly of their outrageous victories. Loki ignored the way they hollered and catcalled at them, the way they always did a newlywed couple. Thor was engaged in an animated conversation with the Warriors Three, and kept banging the table and laughing deafeningly near Loki’s ear. Lady Sif looked tight around the eyes and kept shooting Loki suspicious glances, but she too joined in the festivities with gusto, mead dribbling down her chin as she laughed.
 
As soon as Odin and Frigga retired for the evening, Loki got up as well. Thor grabbed him by the hand.
 
“Stay, Loki! Feast with us!”
 
“Goodnight, your Highness,” Loki said coldly. He yanked his hand out of Thor’s, turning and stalking out of the hall. He could feel mistrustful eyes fol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Forced Marriage
manipulative!Loki
loving!Thor
Unrequited Love
Unreliable Narrator

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

