Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A journalist – what Anthony Edward Stark is – is, essentially a story teller. The good ones spin an Iliad out of the most mundane of facts. Really, it’s all about the angles. People like something edgy these days. See, to an old lady, misplacing her $15 engagement ring is big news, but nobody wants to read about it. Or a fat tabby getting stuck in the tree. No. People might – just might – give an ounce of damn if the engagement ring has a rose diamond the size of Yao Ming’s thumb dated back to the 18th century. Or if that tabby’s owner is Lindsay Lohan. Uh, no, make that Taylor Swift. Or the Kardashians. 
Edgy.

 
But that’s not how Tony Stark operate because that goes against every fibre of his journalistic conduct. Tony doesn’t do the “shining spotlights just outside of the X-mark” thing because what for? Yeah, nobody else is doing it, so by doing it, you’re getting a scoop like no others, and that means something novel, so you might just sell more papers. Say that tabby belongs to – who’s the talk of Tinsel Town these days… – Robert Downey fucking Jr, then for God sake don’t write about the tabby, or the tree, or Mr Downey. Write about that one time he dumped all his drugs into the sea and vowed to never do them again. Then end the article with the stupid cat. Writing articles that sell is necessary. It foots the bill. And he likes to burn cash to enjoy life. “Right. You want your edge? I’ll give you edge. You hear about the incident in Palo Alto?” If he refuses to embellish stories, what else can he do to write stories that will sell? “Huh. Some MILF choked to death in a play gone wrong?” “Exactly. So the whole town is talking about it. Hell, that movie, uh –” “50 Shades of Red.” “Black.” “Grey.” “Yeah, that one. The whole town is talking about kinky sex play, toys and oil and – and whatever. Tell you what. Give me a corner, and I’ll run it weekly exploring the lives of the community. We can do a trial run, say for a month? If it’s not well-received, you can shut it down.” “I’ll take your press badge with it, Stark.” “What?” “My bosses are not happy with your performance. And if they’re not happy, there’s nothing much I can do about it.” And that is how Tony finds himself in a Starbucks sofa, sequestered in a dim-lighted corner, sitting at an angle that’s just acute enough to hide his face from the rest of the café. It’s totally on purpose, because, well. “Mr Stark?” Tony looks up the magazine he is not-perusing and leaps to his feet. He smiles – smirks, more like, because his skin is stretching way too tightly around his ears – at his guest and takes the proffered hand. “Hi. Tony will do.” “Steve.” They sit, taking opposite sides around a low coffee table. Tony is just about to put aside his magazine when he realises that he’s been holding it upside down. He shoots Steve a look and catches him eyeing it too with an almost-there frown. “OK, Steve!” Tony places a pillow firmly on the magazine. “Thank you for coming. I think I’ve stated my intentions quite clearly in the e-mail, but if you need further clarifications? Or maybe you need some, uh identifications just to be sure I’m who I claimed to be?” “Meeting you personally just confirmed it,” Steve replies easily. He leans into his seat and presses a gaze – piercing and calculative – into Tony which makes his insides churn. He doesn’t know if it was done on purpose, but he grabs his espresso and takes a quick sip. To which Steve chuckles, light enough to not sound like he’s having fun. “It’s just our first meeting, Tony. There’s no contract, or blood oaths. In fact, if you want to leave right now you may very well do so.” “Free country, right?” Steve watches Tony’s knuckles uncurl from his knees. “It is.” “You are aware that I’m going to use our… experience in my articles? No names, probably not much details… no, details are what matter, but sanitised for the general public. And this whole deal is only going to be for one month. Is that OK with you? Because I understand that the more… hardcore participants tend to make it a serious commitment –” “While the duration does matter, in a way, it doesn’t deprive you of actual experiences if you’re only in it short term. But if you’re concerned about it, I can link you up with friends of mine who’ve nurtured year-long relationships –” “No, that won’t do,” Tony sighs. He crosses a leg over his knee. “It has to be from a first person point of view. Mine. So you’re saying, you – sorry, we – can still make this work even with just one month to work with?” “Yes.” “Uh, I’m… very new to the whole thing,” Tony swallows visibly. He uncrosses his legs and grabs his cup again. “I looked at pictures. Research. They look graphic.” Steve chuckles again. Tony notices he hasn’t touched his drink. “No worries. It’s very unlikely for us to take it up to that level. Think of it like… a physical exercise. There are many levels to it, aren’t there? Different types to suit different needs. There’s yoga th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Protective Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Sub Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Platonic BDSM
Eventual Relationships
Tony Stark-centric
Hurt Tony Stark
Rope Bondage
Non-Penetrative Sex Toys
Slow Build
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Emotional Baggage
Slow Burn
Drama
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Trust Issues
BDSM Scene
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Food Kink
Organized Crime

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

