Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
"One's first love is always perfect until one meets one's second love." - Elizabeth AstonAt first he didn't recognize the signs. It had been so long since he'd felt the warmth low in his belly that spread up his chest and down his thighs, the throbbing pain in the small of his back, his skin so sensitive that even the light workout clothes he was wearing felt like sandpaper and only rubbing against things gave him any relief from it without tearing every article off of his body. It had been so long since he could almost literally taste the scents in the air, some repelling, some more attractive than he could describe. It was only when he simultaneously snarled and quite literally bared his teeth while trying to get closer to the hand Tony had pressed to his shoulder that he realized what was going on. It had been so long…so long since his last heat. He hadn't had once since just before he lost his Bucky, his mated Alpha. When he'd come out of the ice to find that he'd lost the only reminder of that mating and hadn't had another heat for nearly two years he figured the trauma of losing his mate and his latest pregnancy, combined with being in the ice for nearly 70 years had killed that part of him. In truth, he'd been relieved to think that he'd never have another heat. Even now, as he felt the earliest pangs of it and finally recognized them for what they were for, it felt a little like a betrayal to Bucky's memory. The fact that the mating mark that Bucky had refreshed the night before he died had completely faded only made it that much harder."Jeez, Steve!" Tony shook his hand dramatically though Steve knew his snapping teeth hadn't been anywhere near it, "Just wanted to check on you. You're putting off enough pheromones to knock out a rhino, buddy. I'm going to assume this is your first heat since your time as a capsicle. And what's that about anyway? All of the history books paint you as God's Perfect Alpha and Gift to All Omegas or something. And…""Tony," Steve growled. Usually he found Tony's particular brand of verbal vomit entertaining now that he knew the genuinely good man behind it, but the pheromones being released into his bloodstream by his heat addled brain were only serving to put him on edge and he couldn't follow it at all. And that was making him angry. Of course it wouldn't be anything like Bruce's level of anger, but he knew just how much danger he could put people in when he lost control. And that was only making him more frustrated with his current state. He moaned and pulled at the neckline of his relaxed t-shirt even though it wasn't remotely tight."Okay, okay…" Tony held up his hands, "History lessons later. After. Whenever. So, you have a plan for your heat, O Captain, my Captain?""Don't even think about making a joke about helping me through it, Tony." What he meant to be another growl lost some its potency when it ended on a whine and he had to force his hands to still at his sides, fists clenched, so that he wouldn't tear his clothes from his body."I wouldn't joke about something like that, Steve," Tony assured him and for once he even sounded sincere, then he became himself again, "Besides, even if I wanted to offer to help you through, you'd tear me apart once you were deep into it. How did you and…""Like fuck am I going to give you details about how Bucky and I spent my heat, Stark," Steve didn't even try to growl, despite his words. It was getting harder to focus on anything; his sight was going in and out. The clothes were becoming a real problem. With another low whine he stumbled from the stool he was sitting on at the bar and forced his vision to clear long enough to make it to the elevator, pushing his way past Tony as gently as he could manage. Tony still stumbled back three steps and almost fell on his ass."Jesus Christ, Steve," He exclaimed as he moved to support Steve when he swayed and almost lost his own balance as he waited for the doors to open. Steve pulled away before Tony could touch him, but it made him dizzy to whirl around so fast and he fell against the wall."Don't touch me, Tony!" He begged even as his body arched toward the alpha in front of him, "If you touch me…If I get your scent on me…I don't know how…I don't think I'll be able to stop. And you're right…I'd…I'd hurt you.""Okay, okay," Tony relented and backed away, "But, Jesus, Steve. What are you on? Day one? You can't do this alone. It'll drive you crazy, man.""You know anyone I wouldn't kill?" The whine in Steve's voice was half sarcastic, half imploring, almost hoping that Tony might actually have the answer like he always acted like he did.Tony ran a hand though his hair, his scent bleeding distress, as Steve tumbled into the elevator when the door opened, "I don't know. Maybe Xavier has someone who wouldn't mind or something.""Or something," Steve moaned as the elevator door slid closed. He fell against the wall and fought to keep his hands at his s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
mention of miscarriage
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Thor
Omega Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

