Work Text:
Loki hit the ground hard. His body bounced several times and he kept himself limp by force of will, knowing that any resistance on his part would only result in broken bones. Despite his best efforts, his foot caught in a hole on the rough terrain while his momentum kept his body spinning. He felt the bone of his leg shatter, the quick jerk and sheer agony of his hip popping out of place and the sharp crack of his knee and femur snapping. His head slammed the dirt on the next roll, but he was quickly losing speed. One the next impact with the ground, Loki threw out his arms and scrambled for purchase, eventually sliding to a halt.
               It was a barren, deserted land that he came to a halt on. The planet, small enough that he could see the curve of the horizon, was a reddish brown color and devoid of all life. The brittle, brown ground beneath him was dry and riddled with fissures and caverns. The planet reminded Loki just a bit of an old, dried-out apple that had been eaten through by insects, covered in a brittle skin that covered a nearly-hollow inside. The dust settled slowly, the low gravity of the planet allowing the particles of dirt to hover nearly weightless before settling down to the ground. The only nice thing about the planet was its size, because at least he didn’t have to worry about gravity exacerbating his injuries.
               “Of course,” Loki hissed, then coughed and spit blood. “It had to be a desert. I couldn’t land in a city or a tropical island, no. It had to be a desert.”
               The dust was already irritating his nasal cavities, and he sneezed as he brushed himself off. He spared a glance at his leg, which was bent at an awkward angle and bleeding sluggishly, but he knew it would heal. Still, he thought as he resettled and sent a spasm through the injured limb, it hurt like hell.
               But everything changed as a few droplets of blood trickled down into one of the many crevices that lined the rocky ground, and suddenly the entire planet shook with quakes that chattered Loki’s teeth. Loki could feel movement beneath the surface, like some great beast rising from the depths, and he readied himself for an attack. But what rose from the crevices hardly seemed threatening to the stranded god. A long thin strand covered in miniscule suckers rose up and hesitated, seeming to peer at Loki even though there was no sign of eyes. A second and third strand rose next to the first, and Loki was reminded of a Midguardian sea creature, the octopus.
               But just was Loki was about to dismiss the swaying appendages, the group of them seemed to come to a decision and came at Loki, striking at him as fast as a serpent and wrapping around his wrists.
               “Release me, monstrosity!” Loki snarled, kicking with his good leg at the tentacles holding his wrists. The suction cups bit into his skin, their grip not even slipping as he thrashed. More tentacles surged forward, at least a dozen in all, and Loki felt the first shiver of fear slip into his psyche. The tentacles grasped him like iron bands, encircling his arms and torso, then grasping his ankles and legs. When they seized his left leg, Loki screamed in pain, and was surprised when the tentacles released his leg. In another moment, Loki found himself pinned on his back, held fast and splayed wide by the tentacles holding his wrists and his right ankle. His other leg dangled uselessly, and Loki knew better than to try to fight with the injured appendage.
               Things slowed then. A group of about six slim, suckerless tentacles rose slowly out of the ground and into his vision. Loki snarled again, but deciding it was unlikely that he could communicate with the being he didn’t bother to curse at it.
               The cool, slippery tentacles began at his right foot, wrapping around his boot and examining it until they slipped under the leg of his pants and squirmed down into his boot. Loki hissed as his boot was pried off, squirming as the appendages slipped up his leg and to his thigh, eventually slipping free at his waist. A quick examination of his clothes gave the tentacles the necessary knowledge to undo the various buttons that kept on his shirt, cloak, and pants. The shirt and cloak came away quickly, but the tentacles hesitated with his pants.  This time, when the tentacles encircled his leg, pushing his pants and boots away as they went, they were cautious and gentle. Loki bit down on a whimper as the tentacles glided his pants over his damaged leg, revealing the mottled and purple flesh. Loki shuddered and allowed the action, knowing that fighting tentacles at this point would only cause him more damage.
Once he was bare, feeling horribly exposed as he was splayed and held by the tentacles, nude in the middle of the barren planet. His attention was brought back to his leg, though, as the tentacles began to examine his injury. He could feel the cool skin of the tentacles slip
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tentacles
Impregnation
Non Consensual
Anal Sex

fandom: 
None
