Work Text:
.Whenever a function really started to get into it’s full swing, the Avengers would collectively decide to leave before anything could get too inappropriate or wild and give them a bad case of unpopular PR.Not that that stopped Tony. He stumbled like a cliche drunk after them, stepping into the limo and laughing, dizzy and way over the limit.Natasha had let him lean over her, barely listening as he babbled about the party’s guests and how he'd wowed them all. The others listened in around him, rolling their eyes and already feeling more than a lot ruffled at Tony's prior behaviour.Usually an event was enjoyable but Tony had come in stressed and intent on trying to forget why. He'd drunk and flirted and bat his doe eyes at anyone that had given him the time of day and he really didn't know when to quit. Clint had had a bit much to drink himself - it had been a party hadn't it? -  and he'd used to love them, but at least with a few he'd had he could still keep himself together. Tony was a minx when drunk and he knew it.He was also stupid when drunk because he suddenly stood when they next turned a corner and pressed a hand to his mouth in case he vomited.He was bent over to avoid hitting the roof, and he tried to reach over for another bottle only to stagger forward at the turn and fall into Clint's lap. Clint grunt at the impact, glaring down at him when he decided to sleepily stay there, rolling over and smiling up at him like a cat in heat."Moron." Clint told him though he had to hand it to the guy, he had no idea what 'awkward' was at all.He rolled his eyes when Tony still didn't move after a while however, clearing his throat to hide a groan when he instead shifted over him and rolled his hips down to get comfortable. Clint didn't even try to hide how good that felt when he did it again, far too drunk to force his emotional walls up to suppress the pleasure.Steve watched them from the seat opposite however, looking a lot like he wanted to say something that would stop them but then Tony grinned at whatever expression was over Clint’s face and that visibly shut him up. He needn't have bothered anyway because after about a minute, Tony slid off of Clint and onto the floor, looking tired and a little sick.He stumbled to his feet again, heading back over to his seat with Natasha and ignoring what he'd left behind. Clint sat there, hard and aching, and his temper snapped.Without warning, he reached over and tugged Tony back down onto his knees, holding him there and glaring. Tony fell hard, looking confused.“Clint,” Steve snapped sharply, sitting up a little straighter now.“What?” Clint snapped back, his hand moving from Tony’s shoulder to his hair and he watched with an aroused sort of fascination as he actually nuzzled his cheek against his fingers, “Stark started it.”Steve pursed his lips but when Natasha’s eyes flickered down and she raised an eyebrow at Clint’s clear arousal, she shook her head with a smile. "I'm not drunk enough for this." She said, stretching."Yeah you are." Clint corrected her and Steve frowned."Drunk enough for what?" He gave them both a questioning look and Natasha leant back in her seat, waving a hand idly.“For this." She said, "Stark’s infamous, Captain. And if he wants to try to tease Clint like that, then he's going to have to follow through with it.” She sounded amused now, so obviously used to people with this sort of behaviour.“Infamous?" Steve checked, still frowning and still looking so goddamned sober that Clint wanted to de-serum him just to get him drunk and buzzed, "Infamous for what?""For being a slut." Bruce spoke up now, looking annoyed at the conversation that they were having, "At least that's what the internet says.""Internet has it right." Clint said, shifting in his seat until he was closer to Tony's face. He unzipped his pants then, pulling himself out, and Bruce turned away with clear discomfort.On the contrary though, Thor hadn't said a word since this had started and instead watched with interest as Tony first whined, turned away, before tilting his head up and licking the tip of Clint's cock.Whatever issues Steve had as well clearly vanished when Tony sucked a little further down and shut his eyes."Oh God, yeah." Clint bent his head back on the headrest, rolling his hips minutely while Tony worked over his cock, sucking him in as far as he could as he relaxed his throat around him. “Oh Jesus,” He groaned aloud, fingers tangling in Tony’s hair and he thrust up in surprise when he suddenly jolted over him with a choke, glancing up to see what it was that had made him jump like that.Thor had a hand pressed down on Tony's ass and was kneading it heavily. Tony pulled back to breathe, blinking."Where are we?" He asked and Clint snorted in answer, pushing him back down until he could reach pubes and the skin of his balls.“Like it Thor?” He slurred, thrusting up again on his own accord this time and loving how garbled Tony sounded when he struggled to tak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Angst
Prompt Fill
Rape/Non-con Elements
Misunderstandings
Extremely Dubious Consent
Hurt Tony Stark
Gaslighting
Slut Shaming
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Intoxication

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

