Work Text:

There’s a noise on Foggy and Matt’s balcony.

 Strictly speaking, Foggy’s not supposed to investigate the sounds on the balcony, especially when Matt’s out on patrol. Matt keeps insisting that Foggy should just hide in the bedroom and pretend to be asleep in the face of burglars. Foggy keeps insisting that if people around here were doing the sensible thing, then Matt wouldn’t strap on a horned helmet at night to go run around with their friends that include a crazy archer and a guy called Ant-Man. They generally are at a stalemate on the subject.

 Stalemate means, in this case of course, that Foggy grabs his baseball bat and trepidatiously moves into their living room.

 There’s someone in red leaning against the window holding their side and for a moment Foggy’s stomach drops to his feet. Closer inspection makes him realize that there’s blue in there too, however, and then that it’s not the Daredevil suit, but the Spiderman one.

 Foggy opens the window. “Sure hope you’re not just a really clever peeping tom.”

 Spiderman snorts. “Not the last time I checked.”

 His voice sounds younger than Foggy expected. “So, just curious, why are you here?”

 “Uh, this is Matt’s place, right?”

 Foggy’s wariness ratchets up a little. “Maybe.”

 “Matt said I should come here. We were out together and I got clipped and he said I should go to the apartment he and his very forgiving and kind and wonderful boyfriend share. His exact words.”

 “I bet they are.”

 “I just.” Spiderman tugs his mask off and wipes his forehead with the same hand holding the mask. “I don’t feel super hot, dude.”

 His face shocks Foggy. He’s young, so much younger than even his voice indicates.

 “Are you twelve?” Foggy asks, appalled. “Are you serious? Holy shit, Spiderman is twelve and he’s bleeding on my fucking balcony.”

 “I’m not actually-“

 “Shut up and get in the apartment.”

 “Yes, sir.”

 Spiderman scampers into the window and Foggy closes it, shaking his head and muttering to himself.

 “Fucking Spiderman’s fucking twelve, bleeding on my balcony-“

 “I’m 19.”

 “Nineteen. Sweet God. Also please tell me you’re not wearing that suit with nothing underneath.”

 “I mean. I have boxers?”

 “Works for me.” Foggy hauls out the gigantic first aid kit he keeps in the Ottoman. “Strip.”

 Spiderman colors slightly. “Uh, no offense, sir, but I don’t really know you-“

 Foggy gives him his best Unimpressed Lawyer Face. “You want to get better?”

 “Yessir.”

 “Then take off your costume.”

 “It’s a uniform.”

 “Now.”

 “Yessir.”

 Spiderman takes his costume off to reveal a very skinny kid with a rather large bruise on his side. 

 “Do you eat? Cause you should be eating.” Foggy studies the bruise. 

 “I eat a lot. I just process it quickly.”

 “Do you have a name? Because I can’t just keep calling you Spiderman, that’s gonna get real old real fast, especially since you seem to be a Spiderchild more than anything.”

 “Uh.” He shuffles awkwardly. “I’m Peter.” 

 “Nice to meet you, Peter.” Foggy gives him a soft, kind smile that seems to achieve its goal of making the kid relax. “I’m Foggy.”

 Peter’s ribs aren’t too badly fucked up, but Foggy’s still not letting him leave the apartment, so he lets him text his roommate and when Matt gets home, he finds them eating coconut cake with the 1970s Superman movie.

 “It always gets me when he turns back the world to save her, man,” Foggy says, shaking his head.

 “Right?” Peter agrees. “It’s so romantic. Sup, Matt.”

 “You seem better,” Matt observes dryly. Foggy’s learned to recognize Matt’s “dry but relieved” tone, though, so he isn’t overly concerned.

 “I’m not letting him leave,” Foggy says. “We’re sleeping on the pull out couch tonight.” Matt and Foggy invested in a pull out couch after Foggy moved on because sometimes there’s an Avenger (usually Clint or Steve) sleeping on it after getting into a fight in a side alley.

 “I don’t want to take up your-“

 “That sucks.” Foggy takes a bite of cake. “You’re going up against two lawyers, dude, don’t even try.”

 Peter wavers. “Are you sure?”

 “Silk sheets cause of Mr. Sensitive, dude. You’ll love it.”
 
 When Foggy and Matt wake up, Peter’s gone, with a hastily scrawled note that Foggy reads to Matt.

 Matt & Foggy-

  Thanks for everything. You guys are kind of the best.  

  Peter.  

 “He seemed like a good kid,” Foggy says mildly, folding the note up.

 “I keep trying to get him to drop the work and focus more on his schooling,” Matt answers irritably. “He won’t have it.”

 “Refuses to quit superheroing even though he’s been asked to…” Foggy says contemplatively, stroking his chin. “Hmmmm. Wonder who THAT reminds me of.”

 Matt turns his scowl onto Foggy. “You haven’t asked me to quit in forever.”

 “Stockholm syndrome is not the same as acquiescence.” Foggy kisses his cheek, which relaxes Matt’s face. “Now let me see your tie, you’ve done it crooked.”

 “Well,” Matt says, straight-faced. “Eye’d say Eye have a pretty good excuse.”

 Fog
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Foggy Nelson Kicks Ass
matt and foggy are so gross you guys
all adorable and shit
disgusting

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

