Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve is the one who collects him from the hospital.He signs the paper proffered, waved under his nose, and listens carefully to the doctor’s stipulations. He can’t be left alone, he says, mildly apologetic, as if this is a great burden for Steve to bear. You can’t let him near anything sharp, really you need to lock kitchen drawers and so on. No razors. If it’s possible, don’t let him near any baths. Anything he could hang a rope from. Windows, obviously, those are a problem. The doctor appears contrite and keeps smiling, like he and Steve are sharing a private joke, like Tony’s misfortune is an old shared story between the two of them, like it’s a particularly well known anecdote, and repeating it is bringing back fond memories.So Steve takes the release papers coldly, only nods. “Right,” he says “I know. That’s obvious. Anything else?”“A three-month probationary period,” the doctor continues, suitably chagrined. “After that there’ll be an official assessment as to his readiness to be back in the field. I mean – if that’s in the cards for you,” he says, questioning.“I hope so, one day.”“In which case, it’s important you don’t let him skimp on therapy. Physiotherapy, I mean. There’s nerve damage, you know, in his hands? He’ll need patience on that front. And of course,” the doctor lowers his voice slightly “there’s the matter of covering the cost of his treatment? You understand, we acted on good faith because Mr Stark was never one to default on his debts, but since the assets were seized…”“I’ll foot the bill.”The doctor appears relieved, like he’s happy to have avoided such an awkward situation. No one likes to be reminded of just how far Tony has fallen. “Would you like to see him?” He asks, smoothing over the sticky moment. “I can show you to his room before he collects his things?”“I would like that,” Steve says simply. This isn’t a hospital; Tony was sectioned soon after they had done what they could do for his wrists. It’s also the best money can buy, although, like the doctor said, Tony doesn’t have much of that anymore. Steve is relieved to find that the corridors are wide and clean, the windows large, the beds cushioned with soft pillows and fresh linen. Tony is sitting in a chair – a wheelchair, Steve realises – facing a window, looking out at the dense trees. The window is locked, obviously, but still the sunlight ripples through his hair, splays on his skin.(It makes Steve’s heart clench. He remembers other sheets, softer sheets, and a king sized bed, and Tony’s sardonic smile, the smell of smoke and whiskey and Tony talking in that low way he has, resting on his side while the sunlight pushed it’s way over his healthy, strong form -- )Now, he’s lost a lot of weight. Steve can see his collarbones jutting out from his chest, the ridges of his spine. His hair is longer, softer, lightly curled around his sallow cheeks without any product to smooth it away. Steve never realised that Tony was naturally quite this pale, pasty; did he always have a tan? Was he always in the sun? Now, Tony appears translucent, you can see the green-blue of his veins. It makes Steve anxious for a second, like this new lines are just maps for Tony to follow the next time he is trusted with a razor.“Tony,” Steve says quietly. “Hi.”He’s so still. He doesn’t turn. The doctor says that Tony isn’t talkative, opens his mouth and blabbers like Tony isn’t there at all. “Leave us alone,” Steve says shortly.He had known to expect this, Tony’s weight, his reluctance to talk. The doctor had told him over the phone that Tony was refusing to eat, that he wouldn’t pick up what they gave him and would spit out what they forced him. And so they had placed him on a feeding tube until he finally realised that, no, they weren’t going to let him die, and so he could either continue being fed by IV for the rest of his life or make that life a little easier.But it had shocked him, Tony’s absolute desire for death, his certainty that he wanted it. Steve was always told that people who try to kill themselves and live to talk about it almost always wish they hadn’t; that in their supposed last moments, they realise how much they have to live for. It’s fucking disheartening, and cruel, awfully cruel, that there is no such realisation with Tony. The doctor at the hospital had told him – and then, apparently, some journalists too – that Tony’s marks had been large, vertical, and deep. Purposeful. When he was found, there was no sign of struggle or regret.“I’m sorry,” is the first thing Steve can think to say. “For what happened.”Tony doesn’t turn, but Steve can see his reflection in the window. He has shut his eyes. In reflection or stubbornness, Steve doesn’t know.“For what it’s worth… you were acquitted. I mean – you know that, right? But no one holds you responsible, I don’t – “ I don’t hold you responsible, I never did. Why could you never fucking see that, why could you never understand I –“I know,” Tony says, slowly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other(s)

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Depression
Suicide Attempt
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Steve Rogers
Not Steve Friendly
but he tries his best
Recovery
Jealous Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other(s)

