Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony sat down all of a sudden, stifling a cry that was making its way through his throat. Drops of sweat fell freely on his face as he stared at the wall in front of him, not really looking at it. The images of the nightmare still too fresh on his mind. A thunder made him jump and leave his stupor, and before his mind could register how exactly it happened, Tony found himself walking out of his room, towards the elevator. Before he stepped inside, a lighting lighted up all the room for a millisecond and a thunder made all the Tower resound. Tony jumped again. If there was a chance he was considering the idea of turning around and going back to his bed, feeling too stupid for being doing what he was doing, it was totally gone now.This was something Tony has never done. In spite of that, as soon as the doors of the elevator closed, it started to move without having to articulate where to go. JARVIS knew him perfectly well, so, when the elevator stopped in Steve’s floor, Tony wasn’t surprised at all. Most of the time, after a nightmare, Tony just stayed in bed, trying to calm down while he assured himself it had been just a dream. He could never go back to sleep, though. Instead, he ended up going down to his workshop and let a project distract his mind. But since his awfully slow recovery, his workshop had become a place which was out of limits during the night. Not that Tony cared about it in that moment, since going all the way down there didn’t seem so appealing for some reason. So, staying in bed and going to his workshop not being options, the only thing that could help Tony to fall sleep again would be having another person there with him. Perhaps going to one of his teammates’ room in the middle of the night would be kind of weird, but since one of them stayed with him lately until he fell asleep, petting him or hugging him, Tony figured it wouldn’t be that awkward anymore. Quickly, Tony got off the elevator and walked towards Steve’s room, slowing down when he reached the door and opened it. Tony stood in the entrance for some minutes, deciding if he should really go inside and bother Steve, who seemed to be sleeping peacefully, totally undisturbed by the storm. Guilt took over Tony when he thought about waking him up. Maybe he could just climb the bed carefully and stay there, he didn't need him awake, not really, just knowing that Steve was there would be enough.Another thunder resonated when Tony was walking as quietly as possible to the bed. Before he could stop himself, Tony made a beeline fast to the bed, jumping over the mattress but landing on Steve, surrounding his neck with his arms very tightly. Yes, Tony definitely felt a bit stupid, but he couldn’t care less right then."Whatgoingon?!" Steve exclaimed drowsily as soon as he opened his eyes, trying to sit down to see what was happening, but the body on him prevented him from doing so, "Tony?" he asked, brushing a wisp of hair off Tony’s forehead to have a better look of his face, “Hey buddy, what happened? Is there something wrong? Why are you here?” he questioned. Yet, another thunder could be heard, and the way that Tony trembled right after it answered Steve’s questions. “Oh,” Steve chuckled affectionately, “Do you want to spend the rest of the night here?” he offered as he placed his arm around him. Tony just nodded, snuggling closer. “OK, but first, you need a change, you're wet” he informed when Tony felt one of his hands on his butt. “But I’m wearing a diaper,” Tony notified shyly, his speech sounding a bit like babbles since his mouth was pressed against Steve’s chest. His incontinence problem was almost gone by now. During the day, he didn’t need to wear diapers anymore, but at night he had failed to control his bladder correctly, so he had been encouraged to keep wearing them for bed at least for a while. “I can tell that buddy, but it must’ve leaked, because your pants are wet.”Steve pushed Tony away gently, rolling him over until Tony ended up lying on the mattress instead of him. Tony suppressed a whine caused by being left alone. He saw Steve leaving the room, and when he saw a lighting again, his hand reached for a pillow and wrapped both arms around it, pressing his face into it.  The pillow smelled liked Steve, and that comforted him somehow. Not long after, Tony heard some footsteps going closer to him, making him feel relieved. A quiet squeal escaped from his mouth when Steve picked him up all of a sudden and set him down on what surely was a changing pad. Without losing time, Steve proceeded to drag his pajama pants down and pull off the soaked diaper, making Tony flinch a little when a wipe was pressed gently against his diaper area to clean him off. Soon, Steve was lifting his hips and sliding a diaper under his butt, dusting what smelled like baby powder between his thighs before pulling the front of the diaper up and sm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
kind of
Infantilism
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Diapers
Cuddles
Babied Tony
diaper changes
Wetting
Daddies everywhere
Sharing a Bed
Kind of plotless again
Hurt/Comfort
throwing up
stuffed animals

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor

