Chapter 1



Notes:
Thank you for support on my 1st fic. Its been improved by my betta writter gingerninja93.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It was late, Steve and Bucky were coming back from a week long hard mission. "Hello Jarvis, where is Tony,” Steve asked, as they stumbled into the elevator. Bucky tried to rub the sleep from his eyes and fight back a yawn as he leant against the glass wall of the elevator. He wanted nothing more than to shower then curl up in bed with his lovers. Apparently Steve had other plans than just going straight to bed."Welcome back sirs. Sir is currently in the lab,” Jarvis informed.Steve’s face grew grave, "When was the last time he slept?"Steve asked tightly but still politely. Jarvis was quiet for a moment. Bucky felt instantly nervous for Tony and he did not know why.but something felt odd tonight by the way Steve was acting."He has slept for a total of one hour yesterday, Captain Rogers."Steve fists clenched, Bucky uncertain if it was out of annoyance or determination. "Lab, please, Jarvis",Steve said tensely. His lover's face was strangely neutral at the moment. As the elevator descended, Bucky kept trying to read Steve's face. Tony always did shit like this and Steve would always either; A, yell at Tony and take him to bed or b, give Tony the silent treatment and take him to bed. This time, however, felt different. "Steve... Maybe we should..." Bucky was cut off by Steve raising his hand.The elevator silently swooshed open. Through the glass they could see Tony from behind, he was hunched over a table sparks flying. Jarvis let them in, Tony as usual did not notice them enter."Jarvis pause his project," Steve ordered. Sparks stopped flying. Standing up straight, Tony pushed up his welding helmet, "Jarvis, what the.."“Anthony," Steve cut in before Tony finished.
Turning around so quickly he swayed unsteadily, Tony looked at them. There were dark circles under his eyes and his face was a mess of oil smudges and his hair looked slightly burnt and a tangled mess.Setting his tool aside, it was obvious from where Bucky stood behind Steve, Tony was nervous. "Hey, my brooklyn boys have returned to me", Tony smiled nervously."Do you know what time it is, Anthony?" Steve asked.Tony tugged nervously on the hem of his tank top. Bucky was really confused, this was not like their explosive arguments from before.Tony looked so tired and oily, Bucky almost wanted to intervene and put the dumb genius’s butt to bed. "Uhh daytime. Steve I did get some sleep. Just like you asked. I even ate something. Okay there might of been one incident, where I almost passed out but is it," Tony rambled looking back and forth between Steve and Bucky.Steve sighed and went to sit down on the couch in the lab. "Come here,Tony." Now Bucky was definitely lost.Tony looked like a deer caught in the headlights. "Steve, that's not needed. I am not a kid. I'm sorry, I won't do it again." A deep blush colored his cheeks. "Don't make me come over there, Anthony," Steve rumbled.Tony’s eyes grew wide, he took one hesitant step forward, looking at Bucky to save him from a fate Bucky was clueless about. Taking a watery breath, Tony slowly approached Steve.Steve grabbed Tony wrist once in reach, making him stand in between his knees. "We talked about this didn't we. I gave you more warnings than I should have."Tony was all red. "I was about to go to bed, honest. Bucky back me up," Tony looked over his shoulder at him. Finally coming back to himself. "I highly doubt that, doll," Bucky said gently. Tony looked betrayed.Steve gently cupped Tony's face making Tony face him, caressed his cheek with his thumb. Tony leaned his face in to Steve's hand and closed his eyes."Can you drop your pants for me," Steve asked gently but sternly.Tony’s eyes popped open. "Steve.."“You don't want me to have to do it, Tony,” Steve warned.
Biting his lip, Tony thumbed the button on his jeans and lowered them under his brief clad bottom."All the way Tony and briefs too,” Steve said in a scolding tone.Tonys lip wobbled a bit as he let his jeans and briefs fall to the floor. Bucky had a flashback to asking a skinny blond kid to do the same and the same being done to him. Bucky finally understood what was happening.Steve guided Tony to step out of his clothing and to lay across his lap. Arranging him carefully so not to much weight was on the arc reactor. Steve ran his hand through the tangled mess that was Tony’s hair gently. Once he was settled Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist. Resting his hand on his tanned bottom. "Bucky and I love you very much Tony. It hurts us to come back and find you on the brink,” Steve scolded softly.Tony squirmed. "Not nearly as much as me," he mumbled. With that Steve raised his hand and landed a hard slap to his bottom. Tony yelped biting his lip to stop any more sounds from coming out. Steve kept up a steady rhythm of smacks.  There was no warm up. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Spanking
Threesome
Corporal Punishment
Threesome - M/M/M
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve
Top Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Angst
Sleepy Tony
Bathing/Washing
Cuddling & Snuggling
Crying
Insecure Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

