Work Text:
Tony is four when he is first kidnapped.He crouches in the dark for hours, clutching his teddy bear and wishing he had something other than flannel pajamas on because it's cold here in the dark– and more than anything, wishing that someone would come and get him home. He doesn't know why he's here, doesn't remember how he got there, but all he knows is that he desperately wants someone to save him.He hopes it might be Daddy, except that Daddy's so busy all the time and Tony's not sure he's important enough to warrant being saved by him, taking away some of his precious time – but then he thinks that maybe it'll be Captain America that finds him, and somehow that fills him with hope. Because Captain America is a hero, Daddy's told him that enough times, and isn't that what heroes do? Rescue other people, even scared little boys who aren't worth anybody's time?Later, he will be dropped off at a hospital, blindfolded and tied up, and the next morning he will wake to his parents arguing in the next room, Howard yelling that the money could have been spent on something so much more useful. He's six, and it's his fourth kidnapping, when he realizes that no one will come for him.The abductors don't want money this time, they want the plans to Howard's new arc reactor. And Tony knows that that is something Howard will never give. Not for anyone, and especially not for Tony. Money he can throw on his son's kidnappers, because he has plenty, though he scowls each time and makes it clear he thinks it's a waste. But his technology rates – has always rated – over both his fortune and his family.The man throws the phone to the ground and rounds on Tony, his expression murderous.Tony has never been this terrified in his life. Instead of slowing down like other people's, his brain throws itself into overdrive.He throws himself across the floor, missing the man's swing, and lunges for the fork they gave him a couple of hours ago for his supper. He rolls onto his side and, with all the strength of his skinny arms, jams it into the plug socket.He lets go of it not a moment too soon and launches himself out of the way as it fizzles and explodes, and every light goes dark. Panting, he lurches to his feet and runs out the door.The corridors are semi-dark, and he flashes through them, grabbing at every door and hurtling on when they don't have what he's looking for. There are heavy footsteps behind him, running for him, but he doesn't dare turn around.He skids to a halt as he catches a glimpse of a kitchen, and topples inside. Hastily he wrenches off all the stove buttons and, holding his breath, opens the gas all the way before tearing out of there.He hits a staircase and immediately runs down the stairs – do the unexpected, don't let them dictate your movements – and within moments he's in the basement. There, it's there, and his fingers scrabble at the power controls, wrenching them down.A hand grabs him around the neck and roughly pulls him back; Tony shrieks and struggles as best as he can. It's no use, he's being dragged away. Desperation kicks in and he bites at the hand – with a curse, he's dropped and he lunges at the control panel, jamming the levers back up as hard as he can, and dives to the ground.The world around him explodes.They find him among the wreckage, scrabbling to free himself. He's crawled between several slabs of cement, his hands bloodied, and wedged himself there so tight he can't move. He cries hysterically when they try to pry him out. None of them come close; instead, they sit and tell him that he has to be the one to work himself loose.This time he actually stays in the hospital for several days. On the third one, when Howard comes round, he stares at Tony for a long time, and says, "Well, at least we didn't have to pay anything."When he gets home, he takes down all of his Captain America posters, and throws his action figure into the bin.There's no such thing as heroes. The kidnapping when Tony is fourteen years old marks a turning point in both his kidnapping experiences and his life.Unbeknownst to him, it's also the first time he meets Nick Fury.He's fourteen, a MIT student, and gangly and awkward in a way only teenagers can be. He's also fucking exhausted, and running on entirely too many painkillers as he stands to attention before his father and his guest, his bandaged ribs protesting the rigid stance and his knees ready to give any moment, but he won't drop his gaze before Howard does."But what did they want?" Howard repeats, pacing up and down his study, and looking as though he's speaking to himself more than expecting Tony to answer. Well, it's not like he ever actually listens to what Tony has to say. "They never asked for anything, even before he got out."The other man in the room keeps silent, his eyes tracking Howard, but Tony draws himself up to answer."They didn't want money," he says, his words thick and uneven because, wow, he must be on enough painkillers to open a small
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kidnapping
References to Torture
Past Torture
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony
Team as Family

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

