Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It started on a surprisingly ordinary afternoon. The day to day at Stark Industries was never smooth-sailing, even on the best days, but the early autumn cool had brought with it a calm to the purchasing department where you worked. Logistics costs always dropped as the summer ended and you were looking at a budget surplus for the first time in months. Even better, you’d scouted a new supplier for high capacity diodes that not only made the product locally but through an eco-friendly process; you knew Mr. Stark would be pleased.You hadn’t expected to ever meet Tony Stark when you took the job in purchasing, coming off a too-long stint working in the same capacity at a small firm with an extraordinarily low glass ceiling, particularly for Omegas like yourself. You were surprised to learn that Tony insisted on approving every new component himself, much to his charming CEO’s chagrin. He’d cleared the diodes via email, but still wanted hard copies of the specs and a sample to peruse before the order was made.You were on your way to the elevator, paperwork and sample in hand, when the first inklings of your oncoming heat began. You hadn’t even made it halfway down the corridor when you felt insatiably thirsty and had to stop at a nearby water cooler. After the fourth refill on your little paper cup and a noticeable increase in your body temperature, you realized.“Shit,”  you muttered, crumpling the paper cup and tossing it into a nearby wastebasket. You had wanted to be there when the first diode order arrived; the company had promised they would arrive within a day or two of placing the order, and if Tony approved the sample today, they’d be in before the end of the week.But you hadn’t had a real heat in at least eight months, and there was no way this one would last less than a full week.  You sighed. Being an Omega could suck, to put it bluntly. Sure, there were parts of it that you loved; the idea that there might be someone out there for you, a perfect Alpha mate, was extremely appealing. Your own parents had simply been passing by one another when they realized and practically bonded on the spot.  But the heats -- god, what a pain in the ass. A week or more of constant sweat and sexual frustration, your body crying out for the mate that you didn’t have. Forced seclusion for your own safety, away from any knothead Alphas who viewed any fertile Omega as fair game and away from your own temptations to bed any appealing partner who glanced your way. It always put you behind in your work, and then would come the lectures from your family about how it was time you started looking to settle down  again, with a nice Alpha, or even a Beta if they struck your fancy.All and all, your heats often found you wishing you had been born a Beta, and wouldn’t have to deal with any of it. You pressed the button for the elevator, already planning the rest of your day in the back of your mind. You would have to send an email to HR and then tell your direct supervisor, Jack; your co-worker Michael would have to pick up the slack while you were gone, so you’d need to make sure he had all of the appropriate paperwork for the rest of the week. He was an Omega too, so he’d probably scent it on you as soon as you walked back into the office. There’s no way you could take the subway home; you’d have to call for a heat-specific taxi, or maybe try the new Omega-centered rideshare program to get back to your apartment. You hoped you had enough groceries to last you.The elevator doors opened and you stepped quickly inside, nodding at the sole occupant and going immediately for the touchpad beside the button console. To get to the upper floors, where Tony kept his office and private labs and he and his superhero buddies palled around, you needed special security clearance that require a thumbprint scan.You had been kind of proud when you’d been cleared, only weeks after starting with the company.“Ma’am?” a polite voice interrupted, and you glanced up as the elevator doors began to close. “You won’t need to bother. I’ve got clearance for all floors.”You offered a smile and a nod, surprised that you hadn’t realized it was Steve Rogers standing in the elevator as you had entered. Even if he wasn’t something of a celebrity, the much lauded and recently returned to the land of the living Captain America, his imposing figure and handsome face would be recognizable enough. You’d only met him once before, four months back during a similar elevator ride, that time heading down to the lobby.“Thank you, Captain Rogers,” you said, hoping you weren’t putting off too much scent as of yet. The Avengers team was, not surprisingly, chock full of Alphas, including the Captain; even if you hadn’t had a heat starting, your body would probably have started putting off a scent once you encountered his Alpha pheromones. It would only be worse with your cycle kicking into high gear.“Please, ma’am, call me Steve,” he told you, flashing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha Steve Rogers
Reader-Insert
Mildly Dubious Consent
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Past Reader/Others
Schmoop
Mild Fluff
Smut

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

