Chapter 1: Prologue :: Baldur & the Failing Grade
    




Chapter Text
 


Prologue :: Baldur & the Failing Grade

  
"A thirty-nine percent, Odinson," the paper was tossed carelessly onto Baldur's desk; but he hardly paid it any heed. Not when he had already predicted how poorly he would do on the exam once it first passed underneath his eyes.
Science and mathematics were not his forte; in fact, academics in general proved to be his weak spot in general. Loki was the one who'd excelled above and beyond in that field; then again he was also adopted, so he couldn't possibly be compared to the Odinson gene pool anyway. Thor, on the other hand, had been equally bad in school as Baldur was; except he had breezed by due to his athletic achievements.
Sadly Baldur hadn't any advanced physicality either. He hadn't any real talents to gloat about, which made his current predicament that much harder to swallow. Many of his teachers in the past had assumed he had some sort of potential, but he had always held himself back for one reason or another; self-sabotage really. Mr. Stark didn't share that same sort of opinion, though.
"This test should have been a cake walk, if you actually chose to study. Not to mention if you chose to show up for class in the first place." Mr. Stark chided him, before jamming his finger onto the center of the paper. "You know what the second lowest grade was of the class? It was a seventy-six; thirty-seven points higher than your abysmal thirty-nine percent."
Baldur had nothing to say to that; it was impossible to contest cold hard fact. He wasn't like Loki, who'd been blessed with the ability to argue any point tossed his way. Even if it was something blatantly obvious as the color of the sky; Loki could argue for hours that it was purple rather than blue just because he could.
"You're failing this class, Odinson." Mr. Stark threw himself into his chair, before crossing his arms. "You need chemistry to graduate, you know. Technically, you could always go to summer school; but I have the feeling you wouldn't even grace the world with your presence at eight o'clock in morning. So what are we going to do about it?"
"I could always do some extra credit work." He supplied, but the look on Mr. Stark's face spoke volumes about that suggestion.
"There isn't enough extra credit work in the world to save your grade, Odinson."
"Then what are my options exactly?"
"Take a failing grade and repeat the class with me next year. Summer school is your other option, but like I already mentioned I doubt you'd be up for it; and if you didn't show up for that, well you'd be as the natives call it – screwed." Mr. Stark reached over and picked up his exam, flipping through it haughtily. "I'm going to have to have a talk with your parents; I guess they'll be the deciding factor over your fate."
Baldur blanched at that statement; mostly because his old man was bound to kill him for failing. There wasn't any room in the Odinson household for failure; especially when it was intentional failure. And Mr. Stark wouldn't lie on account for him either; not when he'd been such a pain the ass for the past few months.
"I bet a lot of teachers sit here and lie to you." Mr. Stark continued after a moment, leaning inward to hold out the exam to him. "They'll tell you what you want to hear. That you're a bright kid with an even brighter future ahead of you, but I'm not one to bullshit my students; Odinson, you're failing because you don't give a damn and you don't give a damn because you think your parents are going to save your ass in the end. So why bother with chemistry or any other topic that doesn't interest you?"
"I'm just not smart enough for chemistry."
"No, you're lazy. You want things handed to you on a silver platter, and I'm not the guy who's going to roll over and give it to you."
"My parents are going to kill me." He uttered under this breath, finally taking the exam from Mr. Stark's hand; the ugly red thirty-nine stood out as a testament of his failure for all could see.
There was no way his father wouldn't kill him. He was the most disposable out of the family, after all. Thor had exceeded everyone's expectations by winning a prestigious football scholarship to a well renowned university; and was now a sports reporter on one of the local TV stations with plans to marry his college sweetheart Sif. And Loki had also gotten a scholarship too but for academics to an Ivy League school; having started a career in publishing only several months beforehand.
Even Loki's scummy boyfriend couldn't rile up their dad; who'd practically busted a gasket when Loki had come out at fifteen years old. Baldur was too young to remember the details; but he knew Loki had been sent to some sort of boarding school in Europe to straighten him out for a year. Thor had made the joke that had only made him that much gayer.
"Tell your parents I want to speak to them by the end of the week. And well if you won't take the honorable route – I'll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Fandral/Loki
Sif/Thor
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Baldur is a pain in the ass
Teacher Tony Stark
Loki is a long suffering older brother

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Fandral/Loki
Sif/Thor
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

