Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
.Three years in a cell.Three years and Odin hasn't even cared to notice his disappearance for even one of those. How typical.Loki ducks past a brawl in an alley, meandering through the crowded streets of Midgard's modern-day Egypt. Staying on Midgard has been a choice that he'd forced himself to make under pressure, knowing that living in any other realm will only result in him being caught all over again.Living as a Midgardian however, has been the hardest part, but he's grown accustomed to it after all this time; knowing full well that deciding to do otherwise will, again, simply draw attention to him. Unwanted attention.He turns into another alley.Egypt is one of the only countries in Midgard that does not mind so much. He despises most of them, of course he does, he hates the entire realm, but with this country there is as least a certain degree of culture amidst it's people.Attempting to live in another place, in New York for instance, would be a mistake so at least amongst the heat and the crowds, he is simply another foreigner and no Avenger or Shield agent can find him. He has long since stolen enough clothes from a washing line to disguise himself enough and as he can speak, read and understand whatever language these people use, he has been capable enough in this country to try to live in it.He also has money. Money that he can create for himself now, as Odin's cell only blocked his magic when he was actually within it, so out and free, he can do as he pleases. Unless what he pleases will effectively reveal himself to Odin. Not that he will notice him, anyhow.If he had already, then Loki would be in a dungeon, and not wandering through the yellow streets of a Midgardian land, pockets pull of notes and coins and food.Loki has money, yes, but what he does not have is something to do with his time - living on Midgard is his escape from punishment, yes, but it isn't much of a life for him. So with the pretense of giving payment for it, he tends to ask for entertainment wherever he goes; growing steadily more bored and frustrated with each circus, picture stand and dark room that he is sent to.A few days ago however, when a tanned and clearly English man had pointed him in the direction of a discrete whorehouse, he'd only raised an eyebrow in response to the thought and had ignored the advice, and yet, after only two days of thinking about it, he finds himself migrating toward it anyway. The next thing he knows is that he's standing in the poorly lit reception room where a broken fan teeters above him.What has his life come to. He could be out there, allying himself with enemies to the Avengers, having his revenge on them as brutally and as bloodily as he wished to. But he has seen the 'villains' of this world and has seen them defeated and captured. He'll not do something now, not when it will only increase his punishment further.He inspects the room instead. From the hushed manner of the man who'd directed him here, he supposes that this kind of business is forbidden but it is not the most subtle either. There are pictures on the walls, portraits of naked men and women, sexual positions and a price list. He skims his eyes over it, barely even interested, and is almost about to traipse up the steps beside him when there's finally a knock at the door to the side. He stares it and when no one answers it, it opens itself slowly and a lighter-skinned man - lighter than the man that led Loki here, and much lighter than any other man that lives here - steps out from the red-lit room from behind him."Frederick?" He asks Loki, holding a small stick of white cloth between two fingers, blowing out smoke from his mouth when he sucks at it, "You Frederick?" From the accent in his voice, Loki knows he isn't Egyptian but that doesn't really matter at the moment."Yes," He lies, nodding slowly at the man, until he's acknowledged back with a smile and a gesture that he follow. He raises his eyebrows but does so, walking up the creaking staircase dubiously."I saved what you requested," The man assures Loki as they walk up the steps. Loki pretends to be interested. Or should he be pretending to be grateful, instead? He schools his face until it's blank to hide any sort of expression instead, looking around at the pictures that are still littered everywhere rather than the mortal before him, "But you were meant to be here yesterday so I can't promise if it is not being used right now."
It?
Loki nods and wonders whether his charade will shred for him any second now. He doesn't know how well this man knows this Frederick and he would really rather not have any other people after him.Especially not now that Odin has taken the strength of the apples away from him. He still has his magic and some of his strength, but other than that, he's as mortal as the idiot walking in front of him is.They step down a corridor now, where ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape
Rape/Non-con References
Forced Prostitution
Tony Stark Angst
Loki has a heart
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Torture
Human Experimentation
Graphic

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

