Work Text:

Loki awoke late in the night, skin covered in sweat and breathing hard. Gods, it was so warm in his room. He tried to cast the blanket off, but he gasped as that just caused friction on his hardness. The hardness he hadn’t even been aware of. He looked down, and sure enough, there, between his legs, his cock was standing up, tall and flushed.

Loki wasn’t actually all that surprised that this had happened. His mother had sat him down a while ago and explained to him. About how he was getting older, and his body was changing. Eventually, he’d go into heat, which meant he was old enough to bear children.

And that’s what this must be. His erection was so desperate, and he could feel the wetness from his cunt, dripping in preparation for the cock that Loki so desperately wanted to penetrate him.

While he wasn’t surprised by his state, he was surprised by the intensity of his want. Loki had never been romantic or sexual with anyone before. He’d never kissed anyone, and he certainly hadn’t ever had sex, or really even considered how it would be when he finally did any of those things.

But now, oh, he wanted everything. Wanted a hand on his cock and someone pounding in and out of his wet cunt and wanted fingers rubbing his clit and he wanted to be fucked again and again, filled with release and knotted and bound and oh, it sounded so perfect why couldn’t he have it?

He reached down and hesitantly wrapped his hand around his cock, stroking slowly and moaning wantonly, but it wasn’t enough. With his other hand, he reached lower, finding his clit and rubbing and massaging at the same speed as his hand on his cock. He moaned again, louder, it felt so good, but he knew it wasn’t enough, wasn’t even close to what he desperately wanted.

A knock at his chamber doors stilled his hands and silenced his moans. He looked at the doors with wide eyes as a blond head poked in.

“Loki?” Thor asked. “I thought I heard-” Thor’s eyes widened when he realized what sight lay before him. Loki was sprawled out on his bed, completely nude with the blankets cast aside. And he was touching himself. Thor’s cheeks stained a bright red and he tried to ignore the wave of arousal which coursed through him at the sight. “Oh, um, I apologize. I’ll just go...”

“Thor, wait!” Loki called out to him before he could stop himself. Thor’s head reappeared, and he was steadfastly keeping his eyes on his brother’s face and was not thinking about where Loki’s hands were or what they were doing. “Brother, please,” Loki moaned, left hand beginning to stroke his cock again. “Please, I need this. I need you. Please!” 

Loki could see Thor mentally warring with himself, so he didn’t hold back in moaning again, the sound desperate and wanton and needy. That finally won Thor over and he entered the room, wearing nothing but a pair of thin sleep pants, which did nothing to hid Thor’s own arousal as he stared at Loki, moving closer.

“Brother,” Thor said, voice gruff, hand hesitantly moving along his erection through his pants. “Are you sure you want this?”

“Yes,” Loki insisted. “Please, please, please, I need this so badly...”

Thor slowly pushed the pants down and stepped out of them - so slow, everything he was doing was so slow - and came over to sit on the edge of the bed. He brushed his hand over Loki’s chest and then pulled his brother’s hands up and away from his lap, leaving no contact, no pleasure, just a desperate throbbing ache in Loki’s groin. He took a moment to gaze down at him, his baby brother who wasn’t a baby anymore. He’d filled out the previous summer, the softness of his baby fat turning to harsh lines and toned planes of glorious ivory flesh that Thor just wanted to lick and suck until it was the same delicious shade of pink as the head of Loki’s cock. 

The younger god whimpered, looking up at Thor, and for the first time, he was scared. “Thor,” he whispered. 

And, well, Thor had always been good at reading Loki. He brushed his hand over Loki’s cheek, a surprisingly tender gesture, considering the hunger in Thor’s eyes. “Do not be afraid, my Loki,” he murmured, and Loki found that he really liked that. He was Thor’s. Thor’s Loki. “I shall take care of you, show you so many pleasures and wonders to take your breath away...”

“Please,” Loki said weakly. He’d never been one to beg or plead for what he wanted, but now, that was all he could say, all he could think. Please.

Thor slid fully onto the bed and pulled Loki’s legs further apart, moving to kneel between them and lowered himself down onto him. They were pressed together fully, chest to crotch, and their cocks were nestled together between them, making Loki gasp and tremble. Thor leaned in to claim Loki’s lips in a bruising kiss that caught Loki by surprise. He was unsure what to do, how to react, and the uncertainty doubled when he felt Thor’s tongue nudge his lips apart and enter his mouth. After a moment, though, he tried to reciprocate, meeting Thor’s tongue with hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Incest
Sibling Incest
Thorki - Freeform
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Intersexuality
Intersex Loki
Intersex as an Asgardian gender
Explicit Sexual Content
PWP
Size Kink
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Underage Sex
Underage Character(s)
Knotting

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

