Work Text:
"My apologies," Thor says regretfully, glancing at Natasha with sorrowful eyes. "Airikr cannot help our comrade.""I am grievously sorry," Airikr adds, bowing. "My deepest regrets, but I cannot untangle the spell she has been cursed with, at least not without permanently damaging her mind."Mute, Tony and the others stare at the two for a moment. "And what the fuck are we supposed to do now?" Clint eventually demands. "She can't stay like this!"Thor and the sorcerer he brought from Asgard – the best the place has to offer, according to him – share a look. "There is no other choice," Airikr eventually says. "You must consult somebody more skilled than I."Tony frowns. "Wait, didn't you say you're the best on Asgard?""I am," Airikr confirms. He glances at Thor again, who catches the look, straightens his back and says, "There is no other way. We must ask the Jötunn for help.""The Jötunn?" Steve repeats. This is maybe the third time they hear that word from Thor's mouth. After the Avengers had done some googling, they had sat Thor down for a Q and A session about Norse religion myths. Thor had very quickly put an end to the whole subject of Frost Giants; after explaining to them that apparently most of their myths were based on millennia old Æsir prophecies and definitely not reports of the status quo, much less predictions of the future, he had told them that the Æsir and Jötunn kings had signed a peace treaty centuries ago; they hadn't been at war ever since. Tony figures there's something more going on, but Thor is incredibly tight-lipped about it all."Yes," Thor says. "Their Prince is the most skilled sorcerer in all the realms. I will contact him to request his counsel.""How fast is this going to be?" Clint demands. It hadn't taken long at all for Thor to fetch Airikr but generally they're used to the Æsir taking a bit more time with… pretty much anything. Thor's "immediately" is very different from any definition of "immediately" born on Earth. Tony supposes it comes with the being alive for so long but it's still incredibly frustrating, especially in a situation such as this with Natasha having been cursed. With magic involved there is really nothing at all they can do. SHIELD had already brought in its meager "experts" on magic and they had, unsurprisingly, not been able to do much of anything. Nobody even knows how it happened, or what is happening; all they know is that after a confrontation with Amora they recovered Natasha's lifeless body. Everything is still working fine and she isn't brain dead, but that's all they can tell. For all they know the spell is slowly erasing her memories; of course they're eager to get her out of there as fast as possible."If he agrees to come, he will come speedily," Thor says. It's probably meant to be reassuring but it really, really isn't. What's that supposed to mean, if he agrees to come? So they might end up unable to do anything at all for Natasha because some Jötunn Prince isn't feeling like helping out the Æsir today or what?They don't get the chance to ask for clarification, because Thor takes hold of Airikr's elbow and the next moment the two teleport away. Again, all they can do is wait."Fucking hell," Clint curses, storming back to Natasha's bedside. Tony and Bruce exchange a glance."Is there really nothing you can do?" Steve asks them. "I know you have no experience with magic, but maybe you can figure something out…?"Tony doesn't bother explaining to him again that that's not how it works; just because you're good at one type of science doesn't mean you're automatically also good at another, and magic is a whole different thing altogether."No, Steve," Bruce says tiredly. "We really, really can't.""You're a painter, right?" Tony asks, having an idea on how to explain it to Steve and hell, it's not like there is anything more pressing they can do right now. "Not a writer or a singer.""Yes." Steve raises an eyebrow. "You know that.""Yeah, but you're still an artist, right? With the creativity and all. So you should be able to write a novel."Understanding floods Steve's face. "Oh." Embarrassed, he ducks his head. "Okay, I get it now. Sorry."Tony shrugs and glances at Natasha. "Believe me, I wish we could.""I hate this," Steve says quietly, following Tony's gaze. "We don't even know a little what's going on. Logically I know that if we did it probably wouldn't be any easier, but I just… hate not knowing.""Yeah," Tony replies. "Me too.""Same here," Bruce agrees. They fall silent, staring through the glass at the still figure on the bed.About an hour after he left Thor returns, which has to be some sort of record for him. He's not alone; a tall, blue guy teleports them into the hallway Tony, Steve and Bruce are standing in. Blue as in, literally blue; cobalt blue skin with strange, linear markings raised in a lighter tone, leading up his arms and down his chest and back, across his face. They get a good view of just how far the lines go because the guy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jötunn Loki
Alternate Universe
Alternate Canon
Porn With Plot
Loki Does What He Wants
Tony Does What He Wants
Brother Feels
hermaphrodite!Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

