Chapter 1: Chapter one
    




Chapter Text

“I’m sorry, mister Stark.”
The words echoed through his mind even to this day. It was crazy how much four little words could change ones life forever, but truth be told, he didn’t mind as much anymore. He had in the beginning, he’d screamed and shouted, cursed the poor doctor, JARVIS and Aunt Peggy with every fiber of his being. All of that was in the past now, things had smoothed over with time.He heard the rhythmic tapping of shoes against the floor, of footsteps echoing closer. His head pounded and his whole body felt alight with flames of pain. What the hell had happened? The last thing he remembered was Rogers slamming his shield down on the arc reactor. After that everything had gone black.Tony could feel cold concrete under his fingers, a slight draft of wind ran over him as a metal door in the distance creaked open. Was he in a prison of some kind? He tried moving his legs but gave up as pain further assaulted his senses. Sharp pains and the unmistakable sound of bones grinding together as he moved told him all he needed to know. His legs were probably broken. Which made escaping on his own near impossible.“Where’s Stark?” A familiar voice growled from a short distance away. He couldn’t say for sure just how far.“In his cell, sir.”Ah, so he was in a prison. And a rather lousy one at that. If he had the strength, he would’ve tried to open his eyes to look at his approaching captor. But it felt like someone had glued his eyes shut, he groaned softly and tried again only to discover the glare of the too bright lights in his cell. It made his head thud and pulse, the room spinned and he spilled the contents of his stomach onto the concrete floor below his head. As if his current position wasn’t awful enough.He heard the door to his cell open, the soft scuffle of someone coming in. A hand grabbed his shirt and hauled him off the floor, dragging him partly through his own vomit. The stress and pain slowly overtook his mind until he finally descended into darkness.*
 May 29, 1970 

“Harrold, darling, straighten out your tie.” Margaret gently fussed over her eleven year old son, barely paying attention to the hustle and bustle of the mansion’s staff around them.

“Peg, just leave it be.” Daniel chuckled, guiding his wife and children through the foyer and into the sitting room. “I’m sure Howard won’t notice a crooked tie or a crinkled skirt. The man has more important things on his mind today.”

Peggy sighed but took her Omega’s advice to heart, allowing her mate to guide her onto a two seater while their son and daughter chased one another through the sitting room.

“Harry, Suzy, settle down please. No running through the house.” Danny scolded softly. It was unlikely that the two whirlwinds would actually settle down at his words, they hardly ever did.

“You can’t catch me, Harry!” Suzy giggled as she ran across the room and slid right between the legs of one of the maids, creating a bit of wind that lifted the poor woman’s skirt up to her knees. The maid startled with a short high pitched scream and ran off while ranting a stream of curses in Italian.

Peggy gasped and stood up quickly, her Alpha voice sharp in the murmur of the room. “Suzan!”

But Suzan wasn’t listening to either of her parents and kept running, turning quickly she ran towards the sitting room’s entry way to the foyer, nearly barreling into someone.

“Now what’s all that-” Howard Stark walked into the room, gently rocking a small white bundle in his arms. Years of action had given him quick reflexes and he easily avoided a collision between himself and the two hyperactive children. “Woah! Hey, settle down you damn scamps. Don’t wanna hurt your little god brother, now do you?”

Suzy gasped and clapped at the sight of a tiny fist freeing itself from the white bundle. She watched in awe as Howard walked over to the two seater and smiled down at the tiny cooing bundle in his arms. Her brother on the other hand didn’t seem to share her enthusiasm. But he would come around. Harry always did after a short while.

“Meet your godson, Peg.” Howard carefully placed the little bundle in Peggy’s arms and took a step back to watch his close friend and her mate fawn over Howard’s newborn son.

Peggy’s smile lit up the room as she looked down upon the infant in her arms. The little baby boy yawned and blinked up at his aunt with his honey brown eyes. Such a precious little thing already and he was only an hour old. The little boy looked so much like Howard, though his face was a little rounder and the doe like eyes were clearly Maria’s. He had a full head of black hair already, still baby soft like silk, as newborn babies tended to have.

“Howard he’s perfect.” Peggy whispered, carefully passing the baby to her mate when Daniel reached for their godson. She looked up at her old friend and for a moment she could’ve sworn she saw a flicker of disappointment in his eyes.

It made her frown.

Was Howard not happy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Roy Harper/Thea Queen

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Oliver and Thea Queen are named Oliver and Thea Stark
Carter cousins Peter/Sharon/Tony
Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Rape/Non-con Elements
though not by Steve or Bucky
Graphic Violence
graphic sex scenes
Artificial Insemination
Torture
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sweet Bucky Barnes
steve is a dick
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Bucky Barnes
Parent Steve Rogers
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Rhodey
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Roy Harper/Thea Queen

