Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki let himself into the house as quietly (slyly) as he could, crept (slunk) up the stairs, and hurried down the hall to his bedroom under the eaves (sneak sneak sneak). Closing the door behind himself, he crawled into the space in the corner, under the overhang of the sharply-slanting wall and hidden from the doorway by the bed. Then he curled into a ball of misery, forehead on his knees and his arms wrapped tight around his folded-up, skinny legs, and cried. The crying was as quiet (sneaky) as everything else he had done, and at the same time his ears were alert for the sound of pursuit. His older brother, and his brother's friends, were really angry at him this time. It was bad enough that he had followed and spied on them, despite Thor telling him in no uncertain terms that he was not wanted. When they had caught him, dragging him out of the bushes down at the rocky beach where he'd been hiding and watching their jinx duel, Loki had threatened to tell their parents about both that sorcery, and the Audito charm he thought they had used to catch him. That part had been only a guess, since Loki (sneak) was quite sure he had not made enough noise to be heard over the racket the older kids were making with their jinx duel. And anyway, Loki was not at all confident their parents would think Thor's friends using underage sorcery, at least not here so far from any Muggles, was worse than Loki slinking and prying where he knew he wasn't welcome. Thor must have come to the same conclusion, or perhaps he was simply too angry now to care about punishment later, because he had grabbed Loki as Hogun and Fandral held him-- by the throat, not the arm or the shirt or any place you might later say was harmless, meant nothing, but by the throat-- and had shouted into Loki's face that he was sick and tired of skulking and spying by people who were too stupid to know that nobody wanted them-- -- And that was when a lot of rocks, half the beach worth by the looks of it, had risen up in the air and flown at Thor and his friends. Loki had been hit too, although not by nearly as many rocks as the others. Thor and his friends had lost their grip on Loki, and he had fled before they could recover enough to do whatever it was they had intended to do when they dragged him into the open. He hadn't meant to do that, he hadn't. He wouldn't get in real trouble even if Thor told: he wasn't eleven, not for another week, and nobody expected a kid who hadn't even started at Hogwarts yet to be able to control magic. Loki hugged his knees harder and told himself that, but he didn't really believe it. The Ministry wouldn't pay any attention to these little spikes of magic, Loki knew. There was nothing much to fear there: Elder Cross was a magical village, and grown witches and wizards were doing magic all the time. The Ministry could tell where magic was being done, just not exactly who had done it. It was up to the adults to keep their kids from practicing underage, away from Hogwarts. It was Dad, and Mum too, who would deal out whatever punishment they felt was called for. And if Thor told, Dad would be furious. Loki knew perfectly well there was a big difference between using Audito to watch out for spies-- or practicing the kind of spells you could use to defend yourself against attack-- and using magic to throw a hundredweight of rocks at someone, never mind whether you had really meant to do it or not. Dad would say that was Dark magic, and Dad had been an Auror for far too long to tolerate anything like that, even in a member of his own family. He'd lost an eye in the Second Wizarding War, ten years ago, fighting against Dark sorcery, and if he knew... if he thought for a second...Loki shivered at the thought of what Dad might think was an appropriate punishment for an outburst like this. It all depended on whether Thor was angry enough to tell on him, and risk Loki giving him away over the listening charm, and the jinx duels, and a dozen other spells and charms and hexes Thor and his friends practiced here, thinking it didn't matter as long as no Muggles could see them. Except Loki wouldn't tell on him, of course he wouldn't, and he knew Thor knew it. You didn't tell, not unless you wanted to make sure your older brother never spoke to you again ever. When Thor was in the mood, when nobody else was around, he could be really nice. Sometimes he even acted like he was proud of the amount of magic Loki let go when he was scared or startled. If Loki tattled on Thor, that would be the end of Thor letting Loki hang around him when none of his real friends were around. Thor and Loki's dad was much older than most people's, and the family's holiday home was in a little enclave mostly occupied by elderly witches and wizards. There were no other kids except the little gang Thor had befriended here ages ago, who came to visit their grandparents and who were all with him at Hogwarts. The youngest of them, Sif and Fandr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & various

freeform: 
minor OCs - Freeform
various characters - Freeform
Crossover
Alternate Universe
AU of an AU
crossover of a crossover
Housemates AU
Community: norsekink
Kid Fic
Bullying
Angst
Family Feels
Alternate Character Interpretation

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & various

