Chapter 1: A Plea for Aid
    


Summary:

Loki's fed up with human bullshit. Can't they all see he is trying to help, puny mortals?





Chapter Text
In the Oval Office, in the White House in Washington D.C., Loki sighed.It was the third time in the space of five minutes. The junior politician in front of him, who had just given him the latest report, showed no reaction only by virtue of being an idiot, where he should have been quaking in his boots.So what If Loki had been ruling this continent for a while? Humans were both unruly and surprisingly defiant. The more he squashed, the stronger they pushed back. The landmass across the oceans still hadn't been conquered, and to make matters worse, they had somehow become allied with the resistance force he was trying so hard to exterminate.And those that were subjecting themselves to his rule willingly? Idiots. The lot of them. Loki had to deal with their daily idiocy in the form of paperwork. The bees had suddenly disappeared and now they couldn't pollinate their crops? Well, leave it to Loki to sort it out. And he couldn't delegate day-to-day ruling to because they were useless. Bureaucrats had zero initiative — they were just as mindless as a Chitauri stranded from the hivemind.Fuck them, he thought, crushing the paper in his hands in anger. 'Why did I even come here. Should have picked Vanaheim.' He rubbed his temples to try to ease his headache, but it wasn't working. What he needed was a spokesperson assistant. Someone who could work with him and not need every wish of Loki's to be spelled out, and who held enough power over humans that they would be happy to work with him.And he knew just the man.Tony Stark — ex-billionaire, ex-playboy, ex-philanthropist, but still a genius, at least for however long his sanity lasted — had kept himself busy contemplating how everything had gone to shit in so little timeOne moment, he'd been on top of the world, a billionaire with everything in his grasp. The next? In a cell, left to contemplate... well. How everything had gone to shit. He sighed, not even knowing how many days had passed by now. He'd taken to finding whatever lay around his cell that could make a mark and jotting down equations on the walls, if only just so he didn't forget them and to have something to do. Idle hands also weren't his thing.He was in the middle of reciting one of the calibrations for a Mark VIII stabilizer when he heard footsteps, too absorbed to notice his visitor right away. It was probably one of Loki's mind-controlled goons bringing him his bi-daily dose of porridge anyway.Loki walked into Stark's cell with a bottle of scotch and two glasses, taking in the room he was seeing for the first time.Windowless walls covered floor-to-whatever-height-Stark-could-reach in hermetic scribbles and equations; a hole in the floor in a corner, the cement around it stained the typical brown-and-yellow of bodily waste; a plastic tray with no spoon and an empty bowl, evidently licked clean. Finally, Loki's eyes settled on the man himself, pale and thin and unkempt, mumbling steadily to himself curled up on the thin, uncomfortable-looking mattress on the floor.Oops. It seemed Loki had pushed Stark out of his mind too quickly and forgotten to tell his captors to treat him as befitted a captured general of an enemy army.Clucking his tongue in disgust, Loki unceremoniously freed the man from his chains with a wave of his hand. "Care for a drink?" he asked, keeping his voice as neutral as possible, and swished the bottle of scotch he had nicked from Stark's own home to get his attention.It worked like a charm; the man perked up at that and saw the offer of scotch. Tony Stark, while prideful at the best of times, couldn't help but scoot over to the man who'd captured him. "Wow. What's the special occasion?" he asked in the same tone he might've asked anyone he met on the street.Loki felt relieved, but was careful not to show it too obviously.'So the human isn't going to fight me on principle,' he thought, the corner of his mouth quirking into a wry little smile. 'Good to know some time in a cell will mellow out even the more recalcitrant of people, not just me.'He casually poured a measure of the drink in one glass, then thought better of it and poured out half of that in the other one. "Apologies. I know I have not been the best of hosts," he said, passing the tumbler with less drink to Stark. It had been weeks since he had had the man tossed into this cell, and he had certainly not ordered the minions to bring him drinks. Or medical attention for the withdrawal symptoms he had surely suffered. He regretted that now. "Would you care for some ice with that?"Tony licked his lips. He was, indeed, not in the best of shapes. Dark hollows around his eyes, hair more unkempt than usual... He was without all the facilities and primping he'd been privy to in his previous life, and the mere sight of the glass of scotch had nearly broken him.To go cold turkey from h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki-won AU
FrostIron - Freeform
Science Bros
Loki deals with humans's bullshit
Bruce ain't a saint
Trust Issues
DON'T MAKE LOKI ANGRY
Clint is a profeshunal
Loki is a cunning snake
antithesis of Slow Burn
Porn With Plot
bring a towel
and some tissues
PTSD
the Jane that could have been

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

