Chapter 1: Fearless
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve is a gentleman, and Bucky, well…he certainly was one once. 

They both busy themselves in the cockpit of the jet, and leave you alone to change in the control room behind them. Steve sits down, flips a lever, and takes ahold of the wheel. He’s obviously taken the jet off of autopilot just to have something to do while you change.

Bucky busies himself opening and rifling through a drawer of electronics, and you throw-off your sopping wet sweatshirt and struggle out of your soaked jeans.  

You never would have expected to be on first name terms with Captain America and the Winter Soldier. And now you’re borrowing a set of Bucky’s clothes; boxers, sweatpants, and a hoodie laid-out for you on a fold-out table. 

Your wet t-shirt clings to your torso, the lines of your bra plainly visible through it. And your underwear sticks to you, soaking wet and, you realize, semi-transparent. 

A weird little tingle runs through your body. It might have been a shiver of cold; after all, those two just hauled you out of the Atlantic Ocean. The winter soldier’s hand closed on the back of your sweatshirt and hauled you up, and you were hoisted, prostrate and half-drowned into Captain America’s arms. They saved your life, no doubt about it. Saved you from either drowning or freezing, after you’d been thrown from a hostage air ship. 

But you’re not shivering because of the cold. After coming so close to death, brushing lips with it, you are feeling…fearless. You’ve never felt so aware of being alive. Every beat of your heart is a thrill. You want to do all of the things you’ve never dared do, and do them all right here, right now.  

And damn, Bucky and Steve are even more gorgeous in person than they look on tv. And you’ve all got a few hours to kill, cruising back to Stark Tower…you’d really rather not put on that set of dry clothes…

While you are standing still, deciding what to do, you catch the Winter Soldier looking. He is watching your reflection in a black screen on the jet’s dashboard. His eyes are right on your wet underwear, the clear outline of your pussy. 

Your wet underwear clings to you like nylon, pinched in a little at the bottom to outline even your slit, and Bucky’s pupil’s are wide as he looks right at it. 

There’s a tingle, a filthy little thrill between your legs and in the pit of your stomach. Bucky’s eyes are boring into you, like he’s imagining putting his face right there. 
His dark eyes flick up to meet yours. He hadn’t realized you saw him looking. But when your eyes meet, and you grin at him, reckless and unabashed, a slow Cheshire-cat smile spreads across his face. 

“Ain’t you a little lonesome back there, doll?”




Notes:

Another note: The "you" in this story identifies as female, and has breasts and a vagina. However, I want this fantasy to be accessible to everyone. I have been thinking lately about how it would be possible to write reader-insert porn in which people of all gender identities/sexual orientations/bodies could insert themselves. If anyone has any ideas for how I could do that, please leave me a comment!!!Also, if you are someone who does not have breasts or a vagina, but would like to have a sexual experience in a body that did, and/or to be called feminine pet names, this fic is 100% for you!! Also also, if you don't like imagining yourself in sexual situations, insert another character you like in place of the "you"!I basically just really want people feel comfortable/safe enjoying their own sexuality through my writing! XP
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - F/M/M
Reader-Insert
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Play
Cunnilingus
Double Vaginal Penetration
Boys Kissing
Voyeurism
Smut
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
Jealous Steve
Dirty Thoughts
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Rough Kissing
Hair-pulling
Fondling
Frottage
Adrenaline
Spontaneous sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Penis In Vagina Sex
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Passion
Erections
Seduction
Unrealistic Sex
Multiple Orgasms
sex through clothes
Dry Humping
Watching
Porn
tongues in vaginas
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Tantric Sex
Orgasm Without Ejaculation
Light Bondage
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Oh My God
I'm pretty sure writing this gave me like 6 new kinks
Size Kink
Shy Steve Rogers
Slow Sex
Come as Lube
Sloppy Seconds
soft sucking
Anal Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

