Work Text:
A part of Tony cringes when he sees the blankness slide over Bucky’s face. Bucky doesn’t handle crowds well even now, a good eight months since he finally let Steve lure him home, and this situation has already gone to hell in a hand-basket. The reporters are out for blood since the fiasco that was last Monday’s battle; it’s cost Tony hundreds of thousands of dollars already and that’s not even taking into account all of the damage that’s been done to the team’s reputation and all they work they'll have to do to fix it.Not for the first time, he wishes he was wearing the armor. It would be an extra layer of protection. Instead, clad only in a well-tailored suit (which is kind of like a different armor, really), he clears his throat. “You’ve already received the team’s official statement surrounding that, I believe,” he says, keeping a smile on his face and an iciness in his voice. “Thank you for your questions. I’m afraid we have a previous appointment that we need to keep.”The world explodes around them, lights and voices smearing together, but Tony ignores them. A member of Stark Industries’ P.R. team steps forward to address the crowd as Natasha helps him hustle the rest of the team off the stage. Bucky isn’t responding at all now, staring straight overhead into the bright stagelights. Steve puts his hands on Bucky’s shoulders and leans in close, speaking to him in low tones. The worried look on Steve’s face tugs at Tony’s heart.In another world, or maybe if Tony were a better man, he would slip between them and let his shields drop so that he could draw Bucky in. With Steve's presence, warm and supportive, at his back, he’d center Bucky with more ease than any unbonded guide should be capable of. Because Tony’s had lots of practice. Too much practice, if you ask Rhodey, which is why Tony is always careful not to ask.But he’s not in the armor right now, he’s Tony Stark and not Iron Man, so he forces himself to keep his distance no matter how much it aches. These are his sentinels in everything but name. Too bad Steve and Bucky think that Iron Man, and not Tony Stark, is the helpful guide that can draw them out of a zone with no more than a fleeting touch of bared skin – and sometimes, depending on how paranoid Tony is feeling and how desperate his sentinels are, not even that.“Iron Man, please, can you do something?” Steve asks, and Tony snaps to attention automatically. But Steve isn’t addressing him, he’s speaking to the armor. Iron Man turns his head, acknowledging the request, but Tony knows what’s coming and he hates himself for it.“I apologize, Captain, but I can’t.”Steve’s expression twists; he doesn’t ask again. “Buck, c’mon,” he says, turning his head back.Pepper always told him that his lies would circle around to bite him in the ass. Tony hates it when she’s right.“Let’s give them some privacy,” Natasha says quietly, elbowing Tony in the side. He follows her, Bruce and Iron Man, but he can’t help glancing over his shoulder as Clint steps forward, ready to offer what little help he can. The supersoldiers infamously don’t respond well to guides (which is why it’s such a shock that they both respond marvelously to him), and Clint is bonded on top of that. But that’s never stopped Clint from trying his damndest, and for a moment Tony hates him too.He briefly considers slipping away, donning the suit, and coming back so that he can help. But Steve would wonder at Iron Man’s sudden acquiesce to a request that he refused only minutes before, and the last thing he wants to do is draw even more attention to himself. He can’t just stand here, though, when Bucky’s awareness is buzzing against his shields.“I have a meeting to get to,” he says, pretending that he’s not bothered by the frankly judgmental look Natasha gives him. “Iron Man?”“We’ll see you back at the tower,” Bruce says, folding his arms across his chest. “I’ll text you guys an update.”“Thanks.” Tony has to steel himself in order to get his legs moving in the right (wrong) direction; he wants to run back to Bucky, throw himself on his knees before his sentinels, and ground them all. Instead, Iron Man steps up behind him and herds Tony along, practically forcing him out the door. There’s no winning against the armor’s unyielding hands and shortly Tony finds himself seated in the limo, Iron Man beside him and Happy at the wheel.“Okay?” Happy asks into the silence.“I hate you so damn much,” Iron Man says before Tony can respond. The face of the helmet slides up to reveal Rhodey’s glaring face. “So much.”“I didn’t know that was going to happen!”“Captain America looked at me like I set his puppy on fire. Except instead of his puppy, it’s his best friend and lover of over seventy years who only recently came back from the dead!”Tony winces a little. “He wasn’t that angry.”“On. Fire,” Rhodey repeats flatly, clearly not buying it.And okay, maybe Tony can see where he’s coming from. Bucky usually doesn’t say a word, but Steve’s commented befo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
sentinel bucky barnes
Sentinel Steve Rogers
Guide Tony Stark
Identity Porn
Identity Reveal
well sort of
the team isn't stupid in this one
tony's not as clever as he thinks
tony stark has self esteem issues
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst with feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Pre-Slash
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Love Confessions
Established Relationship
bucky and steve are established
Concussions
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Angst and Fluff
Hugging
Carrying
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

