Work Text:
The Avengers alarm goes off at just past three in the morning. Tony flails awake, disoriented to find himself actually in bed instead of sitting in his workshop. The flashing red lights – originally installed to alert Clint of the alarm when he had his hearing aids out, and something Tony couldn’t bring himself to remove even though the team no longer lives here and the lights are nothing but an annoyance now – are agony on the eyes, and he covers his face as he fumbles his way out of bed, nearly falling on his face when his legs get tangled up in the sheets.“FRIDAY, enough!” he yelps out, because between the lights and the siren he’s not going to have the brain capacity to fight if it doesn’t stop, and the sudden silence almost before Tony’s done speaking is startling. He blinks in the darkness, spots flashing in front of his eyes.“Captain America for you, Boss,” she chirps, unfairly sunny at 3am, and a moment later Steve’s tense voice filters into the room.“We could use your help on this one, Stark. It looks like Dr. Doom has decided to take advantage of the fact that the Fantastic Four is on vacation.”“Why do they get to take vacations?” Tony mouths to himself – honestly, the idea of a vacation at this point of his life is laughable, and the Fantastic Four cause way more trouble than they solve since Reed is essentially a useless waste of space as far as Tony’s concerned – and spins around as the lights in the room increase to 25%.The sight of Jarvis in his bed makes him freeze.It’s only been two days since Jarvis’s unpleasant meeting with the team. Tony hasn’t seen any of them since, though he did get treated to an hour-long lecture from Pepper about how it wasn’t good to hide things from your friends, followed by two dozen questions from Rhodey about Loki’s trustworthiness. He also watched the footage of the conversation he missed out and didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when Jarvis threatened Captain America. Now, Jarvis smiles at him. It’s a slow, lazy smile that never fails to make butterflies swarm around in Tony’s stomach, because he’s learned that smile can and does mean a variety of things. Most recently, it means that Jarvis is thinking about doing a variety of dirty things to Tony’s body with great relish.He’s not sure why it surprises him that the mind of his ex-A.I. is so filthy, but it does.“Stark?” Steve barks.“Right. Keep your spandex on, Captain, I’m coming,” Tony says, making an apologetic face at Jarvis. He doesn’t want to go. This will be the first time that he and Jarvis have been separated since Jarvis came back. There’s a very strong part of Tony that can’t help thinking that Jarvis will disappear as soon as he’s out of Tony’s sight. The thought chills him to the core.“Good luck,” Jarvis says, low and even, loud enough for Steve to hear if the captain’s startled inhale is any indication, and Tony’s heart hurts. He smiles back and backs out of the room, keeping his eyes on Jarvis for as long as possible.Iron Man is more important than Tony will ever be, though, and within the span of two minutes the suit is assembled around him and Tony is engaging the repulsors in the boots. He opens the channel of communication to the team with a single word to FRIDAY; they know he’s there, but no one acknowledges him. Tony tries not to let it sting as much as it does as he sets a course for downtown New York.“You guys are gonna want to hurry,” he says to the team, eyeing the robots. They’re sleeker than he’s used to, but still clunky compared to his standards. The problem with Doom is that the robots are in such huge quantities that it’s hard for one person to deal with them alone. “We’re five minutes out,” Natasha says. “Leave some for us.”He can hear the smile in her voice. “I’ll think about it,” Tony says, taking careful aim. He blasts half a dozen robots out of the air with one shot, but two dozen more swarm to take their place. The quinjet soars overheard three minutes later; presumably, Clint is at the controls because he starts firing left and right. The bottom of the quinjet falls open and Captain America, the Hulk, the Winter Soldier, Falcon, Thor and Vision spill out into a free-fall. When the jet gets a little closer to a building, Wanda and Natasha follow. Apparently it’s all hands on deck, which Tony hadn’t foreseen and isn’t psyched about, but then again no one on the team can shut these robots down cold quite like Tony can.Skirting a building, Tony says, “FRIDAY, do a scan for any structural weaknesses.”“Already done, Sir.”Tony will deny it until his dying day, but at the sound of Jarvis’s voice he collides with a couple of robots. They scrabble at the armor like hungry children wanting candy before being unceremoniously shot down by Thor. Thor shoots him a curious look, but Tony ignores him. His heart is racing wildly and he’s suddenly cold all over, losing all focus on the suit itself. He drops several feet, boots sputtering, before his command is overridden and the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Infinity Wars
but no spoilers really
Jarvis lives
literally Jarvis lives
Extremis
tony stark deserves love
Protective Jarvis
Human Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Panic Attacks
Cuddling
Hugs
Canon-Typical Violence
the team is very suspicious
Tony ignores them
tony knows what he wants
Jarvis is there to take care of him
Angst
Angst with feels
basically written purely to get them back in the suit

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

