Work Text:
Tony never thought, for a million years, that his life would turn out like this.Him, getting completely, out of this world, fucked by the Avengers.Let’s go a bit in the pass, shall we?
 
 In a world where omegas, alphas, and betas were born, Tony was raised in a secretive household. His father, the most dominant alpha of them all, married Tony’s mother, a beta, and ran one of the most successful weapon companies nationwide. Howard thought that with his genes, his child would be just like him, but on that point, he was sadly disappointed.Tony was born an omega, with his dad’s strong and well-known displeasure, and his mother’s fear of Howard’s wrath. From a young age, Tony was forced to consume suppressants, to mask his scent, and pretended to have everyone think his only son was a beta. Tony, too young to think fully for himself, complied with his father’s wishes. Any ways, wasn’t daddy always “right”.So for years, Tony’s life went on like that, hiding his true self, until after some time, he even forgot himself of his true birth.Howard was never abusive, never absolutely angry, and would sometimes actually smile at little Tony, and pat his mop of brown hair in congratulations after Tony would effectively build another robot. Though, he became strangely silent after the little genius would question his status, and always quickly changed the subject or glared enough for Tony to get the hint. It was only after his parents died in a car accident, that Tony finally brought himself to do some research on omega rights, and quickly changed the course of where his life was going.He’d quickly dropped the suppressants and “came out of the closet” as he would say, to the world. The backlash was expected, and no less torture, many found it questionable for an omega to run the company, and others outright kicked and screamed for Tony to back down as legitimate heir. But as far as Tony’s stubbornness went, and many court dates after, Tony was sufficiently allowed to run the company, and, with complete humbleness, he did so like a fucking boss.After, came Afghanistan, where he met Yinsen, who later died for his cause. He’d been trapped in that dreadful cave for three months, and Yinsen, bless him, helped him through the heats. Luckily, never once was a guard motivated in taking advantage of him. Tony deduced this was either because they were to scared that something would go terribly wrong, and Tony would be insufficient to continue building the weapon, or Yinsen was just that good. The Iron Man was invented out of this, then came Obadiah’s betrayal, Vanko, and finally, well, the Avengers.The last was the better of the three.
 
  Who would have that thought he, Tony Stark, would be so lucky to be surrounded by all these Alphas.At first, their relationship was strained. The abundance of pheromones caused the team to act tense around each other. Tony, being the only omega, laughed happily in the background at the others expenses, and then he too, was dragged into the awkward tensed mess, against his will thank you very much.Everybody was surprised when Tony revealed his true upbringing, since he’d been taking some medication for his heats at the time, which were becoming rather long and often, so his scent was hard to detect. It must not have been on the SHIELD files, or Fury found it was unimportant, Tony didn’t really care, but the look on Roger’s face was one to cherish.They’d been living in the tower together for a month, and Tony was now off his medications, his doctors wanting to see if his heats would become regular once again. The team was surrounding the table, eating breakfast, when Tony strolled in, yawning and rolling out the kinks in his neck.He did not notice the silence filling the room…Nor the growls coming forth.But he definitely noticed the sudden overflow of released hormones making way to his sensitive nose.Bruce was abruptly before him, sniffing around his neck, teeth prominently clenched behind the line of his mouth. “You’re in heat.” He said plainly, his eyes slightly glazed over.A beat of silence.“Well, fuck, that medication sucks,”Another silence.The alphas all raised an eyebrow, lust clearly making way, and suppressing their natural instinct to grab the omega and rut, bread, take. Clint was the next to speak.“You may want to…” He may a shooing motion with his hand, and Tony chuckled.The heat was in its early stages, but the billionaire, now conscience of the fact he was going through it, could feel the heat start to pool in his belly, and the slight twinge in his ass.Tony was not about to rid himself of this opportunity.“Hey, if you guys are up for it…” He walked around the counter to grab two pieces of toast that was stacked up on a plate, and a couple slices of cheese, to bite into the bread. The others gazes followed him intently. “I wouldn’t mind sharing my loveliness.” He gestured down his body, and grinned around a mouthful.The others ignored his mannerism, and travelled their eyes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

freeform: 
This is extremely dirty
Gang bang!
Omega Tony
Alpha everyone else!
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Double Penetration
Mating Cycles/In Heat
All kinds of fun stuff!
I Can't Believe I Wrote This

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

