Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
"You alright down there, sir? Looks like you might need a bit of warming up."
The slight drawl at the end of Clint's words made Phil smile briefly. "One of these days Barton, you might actually learn the meaning of radio silence."
Phil instinctively knew that somewhere, from up one of the vast expanse of trees in the mountains they were hiding in, that he was getting flipped the bird, and that little bit of knowledge made him feel more normal than he had in months.
"Yeah, but like you'd want to deny yourself the pleasure of hearing my voice whispering your name."
The low, breathy tone that coloured Clint's voice was one that made Phil blush with exasperation and embarrassment, but he couldn't help himself as he let a soft, teasing grin curl his lips, knowing that the archer would be able to see him.
"Of course, Barton, didn't anyone ever work out that all those personal debriefs were so that I wouldn't have to share you with anyone else?"
A deep laugh rumbled down the comm line, and Phil felt a warmth flood through him; very few people could understand how Phil had managed to put up with Clint, or the weird quirks they developed between them.
Like the flirting.
It was nothing more than a game, one that helped to settle them both during missions; the cheeky winks, double entendres, the shared looks and touches that set the rumour mills running wild whenever some new recruit saw them together, it was nothing more than the way they worked. Clint, after all, was a naturally charming, flirtatious guy; playing him in his own games was the easiest way that Phil had found to bond with him, to show him that he actually listened and paid attention.
"So, about that warming up…"
Clint's tone dropped a few octaves, his voice taking on a seductive, suave edge, and Phil's smile grew as he leaned back against the tree behind him; he could've picked somewhere more sheltered as his base for the mission, but that went against his own philosophy of actually being out as a field agent.
"Maybe later, over some hot coffee," Phil breathed out huskily, trying to balance out the laughter that he knew would be lacing his words with the authority that being the lead field Agent meant he had to maintain. "If you stop talking and pay attention."
Phil smiled at the mumbled curses that suddenly filled his ear. "Ah, come on, boss," Clint whined down the radio, and Phil could fully imagine the pout that would be forming on his face. "The target isn't scheduled to arrive for another 20 minutes, and I'm fucking bored."
"The last time you said those words, I believe you bought me nearly an extra two weeks of paperwork Barton."
"And I thought we agreed never to discuss Madagascar again."
Phil knew that was a lie. He had agreed never to discuss Madagascar again; Clint seemed to enjoy bringing it up as often as he could. At least the highest thing Clint could fling himself off of here was a tree, and there was more than enough snow to make sure that his Asset wouldn't really cause much damage to himself this time.
Phil let out a slight huff, one that bordered the line between amusement and exasperation and that he only ever seemed to use on these sorts of missions with Barton. "Just focus on the mission, Agent."
He could've sworn he almost heard Clint's smile down the comm. "Yes Sir, Sir!" And just like that, silence descended around them.
He knew Barton was only humouring him, but he couldn't deny the warmth that spread through him at the thought. It had been nearly 4 months since New York and the Loki incident that had left him laid up for nearly just as long. It had only been for the last two months that he'd technically been back amongst the land of the living and confined to his office with the obscene mountain of paperwork that being the new Avengers Liaison – or just being within a ten mile radius of Tony Stark – seemed to spontaneously produce.
Despite appearances, he'd been itching to get back out in the field; he didn't care what rumours the junior Agents believed, he wasn't married to his desk, and he most definitely wasn't some superhuman form filling machine.
He also definitely did not secretly have multiple drawers and cabinets in his office that defined regulations on how to be the scariest senior Agent to walk the face of the earth, or how he'd manage to take down a whole drug consortium with nothing more than a tie, a pen lid and the remainder of his lunch; he most definitely blamed Barton for those ones.
His Asset seemed to be behind almost every improbable fact and feat of skill that the junior Agents discussed over a Canteen coffee in awe and fear, but he couldn't be bothered to stop it. Some of the more creative ones that made their way back to him through Hill and Sitwell were entertaining after all. However, two months of paperwork and operative assessments were too much even for him.
The moment he'd been cautiously cleared by the SHIELD medics to return to active duty on the grounds t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Angst with a Happy Ending
Getting Together
First Time
Protective Phil Coulson
Hurt Clint Barton
Fluff
Protective Avengers
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Clint Needs a Hug
Insecure Clint
BAMF Phil Coulson

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

