Chapter 1: Pizza and PB&J
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was nearing two in the morning when Johnny touched down lightly on the rooftop, his flames quickly extinguishing as his feet hit the cold stone. He plopped down next to the red and blue suited figure who was already seated there, swinging his legs over the edge. “You... will never guess what I brought.” Johnny gasped, out of breath from excitement and his hurried flight. Spider-Man’s masked head turned to look at him, his white lenses staring blankly.
“Some common sense and a brain!” Spidey’s voice took on a tone of mock panic. “Oh shit … who did you steal the brain from??” Johnny rolled his eyes. “Ha. Hilarious. Drumroll, please!” Spidey slapped his hands on the roof in a beat that didn’t even sound remotely like a drumroll.
“I brought pizza!!!!!” He announced, pulling the slightly smoking box from behind his back.If he could’ve seen them behind the mask, Johnny would’ve bet that Spidey’s eyes had gone wider than saucers. He let out a small shriek of joy.
“PIZZA! Oh, my god. Jonathan Storm, you are my HERO!" Johnny smirked. “Don’t I know it.” He opened the box, letting the smell of pepperoni pizza waft over the two heroes. Spidey reached over and grabbed a slice. “People always get worked up about how you save the world and stuff…. but really, I think the fact that you buy pizza for super broke, spider-themed vigilantes should make headlines! You should win awards! The Nobel Prize!”Johnny snorted. “Really? The Nobel Prize? For pizza?” Spidey shrugged, rolling up his mask to his nose and taking a big bit of cheesy pepperoni goodness. He sighed contentedly. “It’s definitely award winning pizza.” Johnny tried not to stare, realizing suddenly that he had never seen any of Spidey’s face before. He had been hanging out with the guy for a couple of weeks now, fighting crime and meeting afterwards to talk about movies, (Spidey was obviously a huge Star Wars nerd, and Johnny loved to see how long he could get the guy to talk about it once he got started. The record: fifteen minutes straight.) tv shows (Spidey had officially dubbed Johnny “the waffle to my Leslie Knope,” which Johnny secretly took enormous pride in) and personal problems. Johnny talked about himself relentlessly, piling his worries on Spidey, who was an excellent listener and only broke in at the appropriate times. The only problem was, Johnny knew next to nothing about Spidey.Johnny’s thoughts must have shown in his facial expression, because Spidey suddenly stopped eating his pizza slice. “Something wrong, Flamebrain?” Johnny bit his lip, shrugging, but Spidey didn’t seem convinced. Trying to calm his suddenly racing heart, Johnny took a deep breath. “Spidey-- why won’t you tell me who you are? I mean… we’ve been friends for a while now… you might even be my best friend, honestly. I talk about myself all the time, but you never do! I don't even know your name, man.” Spidey put down his pizza slice. “Well… I mean…” “Do you not trust me?” “I trust you, man! Really! But… secret identity, dude!” Johnny groaned exaggeratedly. Then he leaned in close to Spidey, narrowing his eyes. “Are you like super ugly or something? Oh my god! You actually have eight eyes! Or fangs?? You have fangs! Or… no nose! Like Voldemort! No, wait… that's a snake thing.” Spidey laughed, and Johnny’s heart leaped at the sound, but he quickly kicked himself internally. Nope. No. Johnny was sixteen, and he had no idea how old Spidey was. Early twenties at the youngest, but no. No way. That could not happen. Spidey’s mask was still rolled up, and he opened his mouth wide, making an “Ahhh” sound like he was at the dentist, showing smooth white teeth and a pink tongue. “See? No fangs!” There was a smear of pizza sauce on his cheek, and for a moment Johnny almost wanted to just lick it off. Spidey’s lips were full and pink, and his jaw was smooth and surprisingly free of stubble or even nicks from shaving. His smile was so bright that Johnny felt like he was looking at the sun. Johnny’s heart fluttered again, skipping a beat. Oh no. Nope. Stop it, Johnny. Stopstopstopstop.Spidey grinned goofily. “I might have eight eyes though… you’ll probably never know.” Johnny pouted. “Awww… c’mon, man!!!” Spidey waved his arms dramatically. “Satellites, Storm! Google Earth! Always taking pics!” He leaned in close to Johnny, as if sharing something highly confidential. “There could be a satellite right above us. I could take off my mask and then BLAMMO! Google Earth is putting it all over the Internet.” Johnny sighed sarcastically. “Oh, Google Earth. What a bitch, am I right?” Spidey shoved the rest of his pizza in his mouth, grabbing two more slices with his free hand. “My man, you are exactly right.” ------------------------Johnny lounged on his bed, scrolling through his Instagram feed half heartedly. It was a Saturday, and usually he would be doing all sorts of cool stuff, l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
teenage spideytorch
Secret Identity
eventual identity reveal
Fluff
First Kiss
johnny has a huge crush wooo boy
I love teen spideytorch so much
peter and johnny are adorable
16 yr old johnny and 15 yr old peter!!!!
Sue Storm - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

