Chapter 1: What Needs Smashing?
    




Chapter Text
Hulk comes out in midair.  Coming out always hurts, sometimes more, sometimes less.  It makes him angry, but it also feels good, like stretching after too long sitting still.Coming out in sky is different than on ground.  It is like flying, but Hulk can only fly downward.  At first he found this scary.  Now he finds it fun.  Smashing is more fun though.  Hulk always gets to smash after flying like this.When he lands, ground shakes.  What needs smashing?  Hulk wonders.  Star Man points.  There are huge things, furry and scaly, with big antlers.  They look like goats and also like lizards.  They stink.Hulk jumps at them.  Jumping is like flying sideways.  Hulk is good at jumping.  Tinman is better at flying.  Hulk sees him zapping stinky goats.  Green fist hits one before it can hurt Tinman.Stinky goats do not go smash like robots or cars.  It is more like splash.  Now there is red everywhere.  Goats stink even worse inside.  Hulk roars.This is good fight though.  Sometimes when Hulk comes out, everything is too loud and bright and whole world hurts him.  Then he can't decide anything, only react.  Sometimes men shoot at him.  Hulk would rather fight things other than men, even giant goats that stink.  Today he does not feel like his skin is on too tight and Bruce is not nagging him to be careful of tiny, nasty men.  Hulk is okay fighting these new enemies, no matter how messy they get."Hulk, smash those!" says Star Man, pointing at more of them."Splash," Hulk grumbles, but goes anyway.  He does not want stinky goats to hurt his friends.  They are stepping on everything in their path.  All of it goes smash under their heavy feet.  Hulk will show them smash!  Or splash.Stupid goat chases Red.  She is small and fast and very fierce.  Red does not smash.  She runs close to Birdie and he shoots down goat.Birdie reaches again but he is out of pointy sticks.  More goats come.  Hulk charges one and hits its hind end."OOO, STINK!" Hulk roars.  He is covered   in stink.  Something like thick yellow oil oozes all over him.  Hulk stomps on goat until it is just red slick on gray road.  He cannot get more stinky now.  Might as well splash.Hulk looks for more enemies.  Most lie still on ground.  One fights with Star Man.  Shield gets caught in big antlers.  Star Man punches goat's nose!  It skids back but does not go down.Hulk shows Star Man how to smash.  Splash.  Goat does not move any more.  Star Man wipes red and yellow off his suit with both hands.  Now everyone stinks.  "Son of a gun," Star Man says, shaking his hands off.Nothing left to fight now -- smashing all done.  Hulk kicks at loose piece of building.  Small people will come squeak over that.  They do not like messes.  Let them clean up goat bits and bricks.  Hulk just wants to go home and not stink anymore.This is problem.  Hulk is still covered in stink.  Whenever Hulk goes, Bruce comes.  Bruce does not need to be sleepy and stinky.  Hulk protects Bruce.  So Hulk stays even though he wants to go.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Hulk
Hulk & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Hulk
Hulk & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Asexual Character
Aromantic
Asexual Relationship
Teamwork
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team as Family
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff
Trust Issues
Skin Hunger
Comfort
Nonsexual Ageplay
No Sex
Touching
Touch-Starved
Intimacy
Bathing/Washing
Bubble Bath
Communal Bathing
Cute
Personal Growth
Unconventional Families
Avengers Family
Family of Choice
Multiplicity/Plurality
Emotional Baggage
#coulsonlives

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Hulk
Hulk & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Hulk
Hulk & Phil Coulson

