Work Text:












Phantom
  



Day 1,
Amazon rainforest, Brazil

Steve breathed in the humid, heavy air. He could feel a layer of moisture on his skin, mixing with the perspiration, and regardless of how alien this feeling was compared to all he had gotten to experience in his lifetime so far, he deeply enjoyed the climate.

He had briefly come into contact with an artificial version of a rainforest when the team visited Omaha’s Henry Doorly Zoo in Nebraska – to introduce Thor to Earth’s fauna, and to give Steve a glimpse of all the things he had missed. He could admit the real experience was blowing him away, and they had landed only ten minutes ago.

 “Thor, please don’t wander off,” Natasha called out, dressed in long boots, shorts and a vest.

Their resident Asgardian was disappearing into the bushes, drawn by the innumerable animals and plants in their vicinity. After all, they were in the middle of the Amazon jungle, a hundred miles from the nearest city or road, and if not for the S.H.I.E.L.D. equipment and personnel, Steve might have felt truly lost in the wilderness.

Thor returned to them, looking around with wonder, and Steve agreed that it had been worth the long flight – and the extensive briefing on safety and various dangerous animals they might encounter and be subjected to. Not that Thor or Steve needed to be worried about a snake bite or infected wounds, but they had been forced to sit through the briefings anyway.

Clint was already scratching his exposed skin and swearing that whatever lurked out here had probably evolved past normal bug spray. The hand that wasn’t soothing some itch was tightly wrapped around his bow, as if that would keep unwanted insects away from him. With his aim, that might well be true.

 “I cannot believe Tony and Bruce did not want to join us,” Thor mused. He crouched down on the ground suddenly, poking his finger at something that was moving across the forest floor.

 “Yeah, I don’t get it either,” Clint groused, voice overflowing with sarcasm.

 “You were offered the choice to stay behind. In fact, you insisted on joining us,” Agent Phil Coulson mused as he strode over, a map and some kind of device in hand that would hopefully help to guide them to their location.

 “Well, someone had to come out here and make sure you don’t get stabbed to death – again – by some indigenous tribe for stepping on their holy land,” Clint muttered. Steve guessed his real reasons for coming had more to do with pride, since staying behind when Natasha and Coulson were coming down here might have made him look weak.

Steve was jerked out of his musings as he felt his phone vibrate on his belt. He fished it out, amazed that someone was able to call him in the middle of nowhere. It shouldn’t have surprised him that it was Tony, and Steve swiped his fingers across the screen to answer. He was met with a greasy face and a view of a lab in the Avengers Tower in New York City; Steve wouldn’t have been able to tell one lab apart from another, but Bruce happened to be within the range of the screen as well, and Steve recognized a few gadgets he’d seen during his last visit to the lab, shortly before they left for Brazil. “I didn’t think there would be reception out here,” he mused in a way of greeting – because people didn’t greet each other anymore, like back in his day.

“There isn’t; it’s a satellite phone,” Tony replied in his usual mannerism, as if it weren’t a big deal although Steve was pretty certain it was. “So, you haven’t been eaten by anything eight-legged yet, I take it?”

 “No,” Steve smiled. “It’s amazing out here. You should have come.”

“Yeah, no,” Tony grimaced visibly, and behind him Bruce did the same.

“Have fun, though,” Bruce called out. “It’s beautiful out there, but… Well, I had my share of it.”

 “Understood,” Steve said. He knew Bruce meant the time he had spent on the run from various government agencies. “Did you have something to tell us?” he asked next.

“No,” Tony replied, making it sound as if Steve had been the one to call him in the first place. Then, just as suddenly, there was a small, brief, genuine smile on his face – a smile he gave most people, but Steve thought the one directed at him was different. A good kind of different. The kind that made his insides twist and feel warmer. “We’ll call you again tomorrow, when the satellite is in position,” Tony told him, smile already gone but the feeling inside Steve’s chest persisted. He had never been so glad for his excellent photographic memory.

 “Alright,” Steve nodded, and just like that the call ended and he pocketed the phone carefully, to make sure he wouldn’t lose it.

 “I’m just saying,” Clint was murmuring, leaning slightly towards Natasha. “They have a thing.”

 “They’re not going to act on it,” Natasha murmured back, then pulled up an innocent, uninterested expression when Steve looked at her long enough.

 “Let’s go,” Coulson called from up ahead. “It’s going to be dark in a few hours and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mind Control
Possession
Pining

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

