Work Text:

Loki ran through the mist, trampling the lichen and disturbing the dead silence of the wood with his hurried steps. His heart threatened to beat through his sternum as regret and horror began to twist in the pit of his stomach, but he shook his head, refusing to give the feelings room to grow.“It was worth it.” He clutched the soft bundle in his arms tighter and kept running, not stopping even after the dense mist and the husks of petrified trees were finally behind him. “It was worth it."Each time he ventured into Angrboða's wood, he swore it would be the last time, that there'd be no more bargains and no more lessons that always seemed to come with a twist or a hidden price.This time he truly meant it, for never before had the cost been as high as tonight.A long, blood-chilling howl from the depths of the Ironwood sent a flock of crows into the sky, the sound of their flapping wings startling Loki. He lost his footing, tumbling down a small hill, never once relinquishing his hold on the prize in his hands. The howl echoed across the vast glaciers, restless sounds of startled beasts following in its wake. Loki buried his face in evergreen berry bushes and did not move until the land had gone silent once more.

 
 A lone falcon soared in the western sky, allowing the wind beneath its wings to guide its movements as it flew over a narrow valley. The bird fixed its red eyes on a small hunting party of jötnar that was making its way across the plains between the mountains. It let out a shrill call and one of the jötnar stopped in his tracks, turning his face up. He motioned for another jötunn in the rear to reach for the bow behind his back, and the falcon lost some altitude as it made a hasty swoop toward the jagged mountain side, landing ungracefully on a narrow outcrop.Loki threw down the wind-ruffled hood on his feather cloak, shaking like a newborn fawn, unable to pry his fingers open from their tight hold on the rock wall. The way down looked much longer when he was not in his bird form. He turned his gaze to the valley where the hunting party continued their trek toward Laufey's lands and the royal keep.Loki scowled at his brother, for it was indeed Byleistr who had just tried to have him killed, albeit unwittingly. He was tempted to send a small rockslide his way, but he did not wish to bear the mark of kinslayer on top of his existing banishment.He'd not seen his brother this close in almost a century, not since Laufey-King’s had kicked him out of his court like an unwanted mutt and he found himself living in the wilds instead of his father’s hall.“Still undefeated in battle, I see,“ Loki muttered as he took note of the long, thick horns that curved high above Byleistr’s head, the sharp ends pointing toward his muscled back. His own horns, almost as long as his forearms, were undamaged, and it was not a sign of his prowess in battle, but rather a testament to his cunning nature and solitary existence.The band of giants continued on their way, and Loki lost interest in them. He stroked his fingers along the sleek falcon plumes he had donned in order to change his shape, a burst of wild joy swelling in his chest. It had worked, he had flown! The feather cloak was much too big on him, the hem dragging several feet behind his body, but it didn’t seem to have any effect on the actual transformation. His arms were weary from the short flight, but the discomfort hardly registered as Loki stood there on the small cliff, his red eyes wide as he drank in the harsh beauty of his homeland.He could see vast yellow and brown plains where the snow had melted for the summer season, the land dotted with splashes of red and green shrubbery. Tiny rivers and streams ran along the rugged terrain were open again after the long winter, streaming merrily amid the rock formations, some of them growing into waterfalls, some ending up in the vast ocean where ice floes protruded from the grey water like enormous sharp teeth.Loki felt a kind of joy he hadn’t experienced in a decade, maybe longer. Not since Thor’s last visit. He tightened the plumes around his shoulders and prepared to change his shape again, eager to try out his new wings once more.The price he had paid for the magical cloak was a terrible one, but as he felt the wind under his wings and the freedom of being able to go wherever he wished, Loki thought it truly was worth it. 
 Summers in Jötunheimr were short and the thick ice that blanketed the realm hardly melted during the time Skaði spent in Nóatún with her Vanir husband. It was late fall already and the brisk smell of winter was in the air once more.Loki crouched down to pick up the last of the ingredients he needed for his blue body paint: a foul-smelling yellow flower that grew in the southern grasslands where the weather was slightly milder. He gathered as much as he could, for he knew that in a week or two most living things would be hidden underneath the first snowfall of the coming winter.He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Intersexuality
berserkr!Thor
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Jötunn Loki
Loki/Mjolnir - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

