Work Text:

No. 20: Your own kink (jealous sex?), No. 27: Rough, biting, scratch & No: 28. Role Playing.

Steve hadn’t meant to make Bucky jealous, he really hadn’t.He didn’t even know he was doing it. All he’d done was spend the night at Sam’s, he’d crashed on the couch and hadn’t returned to his floor until the next morning. Nothing had happened, of course, and Steve slept in the living room of Sam’s floor. Even if anything had happened, it wasn’t as though Bucky had admitted his feelings for Steve, as of yet, they’d only ever been friends, at least in this century.“Buck, what’s wrong?” Steve asked over breakfast. Bucky glared at the TV screen like he wanted to destroy it, he clenched his fists and scoffed.“Nothin’,” he replied, “everythin’ is fine.”Steve sighed and sat down next to him, “no it’s not. You’re bein’ short with me.”“Yeah, well. Why don’t you go spend the day at Sam’s again? Bet he’s never short with you,” Bucky snapped. Steve sat there shocked for a moment, before a small smile graced his lips.“Buck, are you…jealous?” he asked, feigning innocence as best as he could.“Fuck you, Rogers,” Bucky growled, standing up, “or did Sam already do that too?”Steve reeled back, that hit a nerve. Standing up, he glared back at Bucky and rolled his eyes, “yeah, Bucky. Sam’s my boyfriend. We had sex all night. Is that what you want to hear?”“Good, fine. Go be with him then!” Bucky muttered, about to storm out of the room.“Bucky, are you bein’ serious?” Steve asked, flabbergast, “you seriously think I’ve been with someone else? After all this time?”Bucky turned and stared at Steve, still angry but now confusion was ghosting onto his face. He crossed his arms and waited for Steve to continue.“I’ve never…been with anyone. Apart from you. I love you. Sam’s my friend. I fell asleep on his couch. I haven’t been…that night in the campsite was the last time, the only time…it’s – Bucky, that’s…yours, mine, ours, whatever. I’ve been waitin’ for you to remember,” Steve sighed, blushing and looked down, “but you never said anythin’ and I know you got your memories back, but it’s never come up and I thought that if I said somethin’ it would just pressure you.”Waiting with baited breath, Steve feared the worst. He turned to leave, mumbling something under his breath, when he was pulled back with force and pushed up against the door. Bucky was looking at him with pure lust and possessiveness and Steve’s stomach flipped.“Don’t you fuckin’ dare leave,” Bucky growled, pressing his hips against Steve’s, trapping him against the wall, but clearly giving him the option to move, to fight, to say no, but Steve didn’t, he wanted this, “you’re an idiot, Stevie. I swear.”Steve stared at him limply, his hands were held above his head by his wrists and his hips locked against Bucky’s so much so that he could feel the latter’s cock, hard against his own. He moaned and whimpered, rocking his hips forwards, gasping when he felt Bucky’s fingers dig into his wrists.“I asked you a question,” Bucky purred, eyes dark and blown, kissing down Steve’s neck, “baby, you been waitin’ on me? Haven’t said a thing, been needin’ it so bad? You’re mine.”“I’m yours,” Steve gasped, eyes rolling into the back of his head, “…thought you didn’t want me –“Fuck,” Bucky cursed, nosing at Steve’s jaw, “’course I want you, always have. Just bein’ stupid, not tellin’ you. Thought you could do better but I’m a selfish man Stevie, don’t want anyone else touchin’ you. Touchin’ what’s mine.”“No one has,” Steve sighed as he felt Bucky’s lips latch onto his neck, sucking a love bite there, “I promise.”Bucky grinned and ran his tongue over soft, blushing skin, “oh, I know sweetheart. I love you, baby. God, I love you so much, I’ve missed ya. Never lettin’ you go again, don’t care how selfish it makes me.”“S’not selfish,” Steve said, plaint and warm in Bucky’s arms, “please Bucky, please, make love to me.”Bucky made a noise at the back of his throat and picked Steve up, carrying him over to the bedroom. Kicking the door shut, Bucky lay Steve down gently before hovering over him. Their clothes fell away quickly, Bucky kissed Steve harsh and hungrily. This wasn’t about them getting together, this was about relearning each other, about claiming what was theirs, about just feeling.“I love you,” Steve whimpered as Bucky worshipped his body, kissing him all over, wiping away the tears that were slipping down his cheeks, happy tears, relieved tears.“I love you too, sweetheart,” Bucky whispered, kissing Steve’s belly, down his hips, back up to his chest, over his heart, “so much, baby doll.”This was them finding each other again.Their lips clashed fiercely, tongue and teeth clacking, Bucky’s hot and cool hands running over flesh he hadn’t touched in years. His mouth mapped out the delicious canvas that was Steve’s body, licking and sucking, leaving his possessive marks on flushed, rosy skin, smiling when Steve moaned and jerked.Soon, they were naked and panting harshly into each ot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Smut
Love Confessions
True Love
Kissing
Getting Together
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Adorable Steve Rogers
Shy Steve Rogers
Blushing Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Behavior
Safe Sane and Consensual
Explicit Sexual Content
Love Bites
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Rough Kissing
Body Worship
Butt Plugs
Anal Sex
Making Love
Emotional Sex
Rough Sex
But Also Gentle Sex
Gentle Sex
Sexual Roleplay
Language Kink
Kink Negotiation
Explicit Consent
Praise Kink
Endearments
Pet Names
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Needy Steve Rogers
Passionate Sex
Reunited and It Feels So Good
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Soft sex
love making
It's Basically All In One
all consensual
Aftercare
So Much Aftercare
It Follows - Freeform
Codependency

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

