Work Text:
It all started in the garage.No, wait. For Tony, it all started in the garage.For Steve, it all started in the gym.As to be expected it was the middle of the night and Tony had just gotten through another marathon session in his lab. He was still hopped up on caffeine and the rush of changing the world for the better one technological step—or rather leap—at a time (he had never been one for taking an inch when he could take a mile). In an effort to exhaust more than just his mind, he decided to drag his nubile, young—shut it, Clint—body down to the gym.Someone, no matter what hour of the day, always seemed to be awake on one of the levels of the tower that had been delegated Avengers use only. Therefore, Tony hadn’t been entirely surprised to see Steve working away at the heavy bag, the steady thunk alerting Tony to his presence long before he actually entered the gym.“Late night, Cap?” Tony asked as he strode over to the treadmill.Steve glanced over his shoulder, not breaking his rhythm, acknowledging Tony’s presence. “Couldn’t sleep.”“Imagine not, with as much as you’ve had.”Steve grunted in response. Tony, despite reports to the contrary, knew when he wasn’t wanted. A good majority of the time he simply ignored it but tonight he kept his mouth shut, pressed a few buttons on the treadmill, and hopped on to warm himself up to a jog.The gym was mostly silent, the only sound the steady sound of Steve’s fists against the bag... and maybe some heavy breathing coming from Tony. Aware of Steve’s dislike of Tony’s music, he let the silence linger and became absorbed in his own thoughts. His mind was a never ending list of things to do; upgrades to the suit, new toys he wanted to make for assorted members of the team, excuses he could use to avoid the next few meetings, and a list of gifts that would hopefully buy Pepper’s forgiveness.He was so wrapped up in wondering whether Pepper would prefer a red or gold paint job on the car he was planning on buying her, he didn’t notice the absence of sound in the room. Not until he was alerted to the creepy-crawly feeling of being watched. He looked over and saw Steve, arms crossed over his chest, watching him with a narrow gaze.Tony smirked. “I know I’ve got a great ass, Cap, but you could just ask JARVIS for a picture.”Steve ignored the remark but the slight tinge of red to the tips of his ears was more than enough to merit Tony’s satisfaction.“I don’t see you down here much, Tony.”Tony shrugged and kept jogging. “You and Thor do pretty well being the team’s resident beefcakes. Wouldn’t want to upset the status quo.”Steve rolled his eyes. “What I meant was that I never see you down here sparring with the rest of us. Do you have any kind of training in hand to hand combat?”“Sure. I box with Happy every once in awhile.”Tony didn’t even have to look; he could practically feel Steve’s patented Stare of Disapproval. He sighed. “That’s kind of the point of having a multi-million dollar, virtually indestructible, suit of armor, Steve. It tends to supersede the need for getting my ass kicked around the gym by friendlies.”He watched from the corner of his eye as Steve walked over, arms still folded. “There are two things wrong with that sentence.”Tony turned his head to look at him.  “Actually, I’m pretty sure everything I just said is fact.”Steve raised his eyebrows and gave him the I-know-you’re-a-genius-Tony-but-right-now-you’re-kind-of-an-idiot look that had become surprisingly common amongst the various members of the team. Tony pressed the stop button on the treadmill and mirrored Steve’s position, arms crossed and leaning back against the handrail.“Alright, thrill me.”Steve sighed but held up a finger. “One, virtually indestructible. The Hulk—”Tony rolled his eyes. “You know as well as I do that he’d never do that on purpose. What happened with the Hulk was a complete accident. And hilarious. I would’ve kept the suit the way it was, because how often do you get a near perfect imprint of the Hulk’s ass, but waste not want not.”“You are the last person who should be saying that phrase,” Steve shook his head. “It was a miracle that you weren’t in the suit at the time.”Tony hummed. “Can you imagine the headlines? ‘Genius Ganked by Gigantic Green Gluteus’. They do appreciate a good alliteration.”Steve sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. “Shut up, Stark.”Tony grinned. “Nice—”“Secondly,” Steve interrupted loudly. “What if you don’t have the suit?”Tony waved him off with his hand. “Unlikely. I haven’t been caught without it yet. Matter of fact, the suit has actually caught me more than once. Mid-air.”Steve’s lips thinned into a straight line. “I know. I remember,” he said flatly.“Well there you go.”“Just because it hasn’t happened yet, doesn’t mean it won’t happen at all. You should train with me. Or at least one of the others.” Steve paused for a moment. “I’ll even go easy on you, old man,” he finished with a smirk.Tony narrowed his eyes. He knew what Steve was doing.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Smut
First Kiss
First Date
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2013
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

