Work Text:
Tony has a meeting in an hour and forty minutes. More specifically, Tony has a meeting in an hour and forty minutes that he needs to look awesome and responsible for, or at least awesome enough that if anybody asks, “Did Mr Stark just spend two days working on a secret project in his garage?” the answer will be, if not an obvious “no,” then at least an inconclusive “maybe.”He figures that he earns himself some leeway when it comes to this because unlike Batman, everyone knows Tony Stark fights supervillains in his spare time. And also, honestly, Tony likes to run around being unfairly attractive in expensive, tailored suits, so it’s not like he usually shows up to these meetings looking like a hot mess. Unless he’s doing it to make a point.That’s not today’s point. Today, the point is that he was going to be slightly late to this important meeting, but he was on his way, okay, it’s just that shortly after knotting his tie part of Stark Tower exploded and he abruptly has to spend a good five or six minutes under a decorative hallway table, waiting for his immediate surroundings to stop actively falling to pieces. From under this table, intentions to go to the meeting get filed away in a mental box called I HAVE A SUPER GOOD EXCUSE THIS TIME. And in their place, Tony finds himself wondering if this counts as a catastrophic breach of tower security, requiring lockdown and full-scale evacuations, or as something less actively malicious, like a lab explosion.“Are you just a lab explosion?” he calls down the hallway.At the end of the hall, the elevator dings. The doors slide open to reveal Dr Dodson, the engineer he lured over from NASA two years ago by getting him hooked on sweet delicious private sector funding and also one of Pepper’s terrifically competent assistants. No one can resist the lure of colour-coded spreadsheets.Dodson looks a little bit like something fell on him, and underneath a layer of blood and dirt and broken glasses, his face is frozen in an an expression of grim alarm. He also apparently did not mean to stop on this floor, if the steady hammering on the DOOR CLOSE button is any indication.“Hey! Dodson!”Dodson’s gaze darts to Tony under the table, and then back to the space at the other end of the hallway. His expression does not change the whole time, and then the doors slide shut again.“JARVIS, what the hell.”“Hostile breach of security,” says JARVIS immediately, over the intercom, and then completely fails to elaborate, even when prompted.A moment later Tony’s phone blinks blue, three feet away where it is half-buried in a little rubble pile. Tony scuttles across the floor - dignity is for people who aren’t in the middle of... whatever the hell this turns out to be - scoops it up, and hits the power button to turn on the display. There is an email from JARVIS. It says,
Mr Stark: Mandatory evacuation procedures commenced for all tower staff. IM located on roof, status: undamaged, secure. ETA to destination 10 minutes, select for most direct route. Closest Avenger Natasha Romanoff, fourth floor Stark Tower.
Tony taps at Natasha’s name. She answers on the twelfth ring, after Tony has panted his way over to the emergency stairs.“What,” she says.“I’m just on my way to the roof for the suit; how’s it looking down there?”“Tony? Now is not a good time.”It doesn’t sound like a good time. It sounds like a time that’s being regularly interrupted by the rat-tat-tat of gunfire. “Listen, I’ll know more when I get to...” He trails off, because over the line there is shouting in the background. In French. No one has been shouting at him in French today.“Wait, where are you right now? You’re not on the fourth floor?”“Yeah, that’s - hang on a second.” There is a flurry of noises, all of them indicative of someone causing someone else physical pain. When Natasha returns, she’s more winded than she was before.“I’m not on the fourth floor. I just stepped out for the afternoon. I’m ... shopping.”“For what, spare teeth?”“Why, are you busy right now?”“Not even here. What did you do to my house that it thinks you’re still in it? No, no, don’t answer that, never mind, we’ll talk about that later.” Too many stairs. He takes them two at a time and the building shakes around him. “Anyway, yes, Natasha, I am incredibly busy right now. You also sound very busy.”“Just a second.”Tony spends two flights of stairs listening to a very special and disconcerting soundtrack that might be Natasha kicking all sorts of ass, or might be Natasha being shot at close range by bad guys somewhere in France or Cameroon or Quebec or something. When he reaches the second-from-the-top landing, there is a lull in the violence that is filled instead with unfamiliar, heavily-winded voices.“Shit,” says Tony. “Shit. JARVIS, get me Steve and then get me SHIELD. And do we know anyone in France?”JARVIS’ voice is tinny and unusually quiet over the speakers in the stairwell, and halfway through cuts out altogether, switching over to his p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Science Bros
Android Jarvis
Destination: the future
Time Travel

fandom: 
None
