Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Bucky stares at the blank page of his word processing program with his arms folded across his chest, eyebrows knitted together in annoyance. When having to rewrite a chapter, opening a new document and starting from scratch works about half the time. Evidently, this is not one of those times.He’s been up since five in the morning, having gone through three cups of coffee – decaf, just for the placebo effect of keeping him energised – while going through the chapters he needs to edit. Now he’s arrived at the part in the story that needs to be completely changed, according to his editor, and it’s giving him a harder time than he expected. Honestly, who even  needs  those massive, earth-shattering, cliff-hanging plot twists?  “Any science fiction action novel worth its salt, Barnes,”   his editor’s voice says in his head, followed by another reminder that he has a second-draft deadline quickly approaching and he needs to hurry up and make the changes as soon as possible.Groaning, he gets up to his feet, closes his laptop and pads to the kitchen in search for food. His stomach’s been growling for the last hour and he’s been ignoring it in favor of concentrating on writing, but it’s become a nuisance he can’t ignore. He hasn’t actually written a single word in nearly two hours, and it’s lunchtime now. He groans yet again when he finds that the fridge is empty, save for three-day-old takeout, vegetables that have gone bad and those tiny pots of flavoured yogurt Angie loves so much. And there on the door is a note from her saying , “GO BUY SOME FOOD!!!” , which is on top of another reminder she’d left yesterday, which is on top of the first one from three days ago. Right. Grocery shopping. Time to buy some food.Bucky grabs his wallet, keys and shoes and heads for the door, but pauses a moment to grab his favourite denim jacket; it's a bright, sunny day, unusually so, since it's still March, but there's still a slight winter chill in the air. Maybe some fresh air is what he needs to clear his head and find some inspiration.Their local grocery store is thankfully less busy than usual, probably on account of the fact that most people are actually at work or in their homes, enjoying their lunch, and not trying to find the quickest possible meal which can be made and eaten in under an hour - which is what Bucky is doing, so he can get back to his desk to continue Not Writing. As he rounds the corner of the pasta aisle, his attention is drawn to the sounds of a baby whining and squirming in the baby-seat of the shopping cart she’s in. Immediately his face lights up.The truth is, and this is something he’s not ashamed to admit, but Bucky  loves  babies. The number one question he gets asked at family gatherings is,  “So when are you gonna settle down with a nice boy and have some kids of your own, huh?”  to which Bucky shrugs, says  “Who knows?”  and quickly changes the subject to whatever toddler is in his arms at that moment. Having three sisters each with a gaggle of kids, Bucky’s earned himself the title of Favourite Uncle among his family, since he’s pretty much the only person who actually volunteers to babysit his nieces and nephews whenever he’s not busy writing or editing.This baby in particular is a toddler, barely a year old, if Bucky had to guess, with dark-blonde hair and a round, chubby face, wearing blue overalls and making grabby hands at her father, wanting to be picked up.Bucky’s busy smiling at the baby, thinking how adorable she is, when he glances over at the man who’s with her and –  oh, shit. The man is tall and muscled, with a strong jaw and defined cheekbones. His blond hair is slightly dishevelled and sticking up at the front, and his grey t-shirt is stretching wonderfully across his broad chest and showing off his arms, which are now reaching out and picking the baby up. Bucky snaps out of his daze and looks away, feeling his whole face heat up at the way he was ogling at the man, even though he wasn’t even caught looking.He stares blankly at the shelves of pasta sauce in front of him for a long moment, while listening to the hushing sounds the man is making, trying and failing to calm his baby down. He takes a step towards them and stops, hesitating. He’s well aware of how he comes across to strangers; long hair in a messy bun, permanent dark circles under his eyes and rough stubble across his jaw that he’s too lazy to shave regularly. Combine that with his prosthetic left arm, and the fact that he’s wearing too-worn sweatpants, Bucky knows he’s not viewed as friendly, let alone a trust-him-to-calm-your-kid-down kind of guy.And yeah, it’s true that he has a lot of experience with crying babies and is good at distracting them with shiny toys and getting them to calm down, but still. It seems like a bad idea to stick his nose where it doesn’t belong, right?Then he notices that the baby’s full on wailing now, the man looks like he’s just about ready to join in the chil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Single Parents
Domestic
Kid Fic
Fluff
Meet-Cute
Slow Burn
Friends With Benefits
Casual Sex
Falling In Love
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Minor Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Minor Sam/T'challa
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

