Chapter 1: In Which I'm Left Here
    




Chapter Text
 Log Entry: Sol 6  
Hab System Recording
My name is James Buchanan Barnes.
I am going to die. 
In a way, I already have.
I am – was a member of the Ares programme for the exploration of Mars, mission Ares 3, ID number 32557038.
Rumours of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
Rumours of just how fucked I am, however, are not.
I’m so fucked.
I, Bucky Barnes, am fucked.
I’d apologise for the language ‘cos my ma raised me properly, but I’m a little busy getting totally fucked over by a planet to care too much about propriety.
I’m stranded on Mars.
Mars.
The planet.
As in not Earth.
All alone.
On Mars.
No ship.
No crew.
Just me.
For a reason I’ll explain in a minute, I have no way of communicating with Earth, or the ship my crew is in so everyone thinks I’m dead and I have no way of telling them otherwise.  I also have no way of leaving the surface or returning to my ship.
So, like I said, I’m basically fucked.
 
 

 Log Entry: Sol 6 (2) 

Fuck.
They’re going to tell Ma and my sister I’m dead.
For all I know, they’ve already been told.  It’s protocol.  Director Fury hasn’t had to make a call like that in over a decade, and now he’s making it to my family, to my girls.
Ma, I’m so sorry. Don’t blame the crew. Please.  It wasn’t their fault.  Becs, I know you didn’t want me to take the place on the mission and I know I didn’t listen to you and I’m so sorry. 
 

 Log Entry: Sol 6 (3) 

I’ve never pictured the moment of my death.  I guess if I had, I’d have imagined something soft and gentle, something like being ninety years old and in a bed, surrounded by those that loved me and there’d be no pain, no agony, just slipping away between one breath and the next.
It wouldn’t have been this.
It wouldn’t be alone and terrified, bleeding and in pain.  It wouldn’t be hard.  It wouldn’t be like this.
I keep finding myself having these stupid ridiculous thoughts – worry over who was going to untangle the Christmas lights for Ma, idly thinking who’d move into my apartment and what new memories they’d make, regret that I’d never figured out how to make the perfect pancake like my Pop did.
Wondering If I’ll be missed…
Dying is easy.  Isn’t that the saying? 
Fuck that shit.  Dying is anything but easy.  It’s painful and it’s long and it’s the hardest fucking thing in the world and I think I’m going to and I don’t want to.  I’m not ready. 
I did not come to Mars to die. 
I don’t want to die here.

I don’t want to die alone.
 
 

 Log Entry: Sol 6 (4) 

Okay, I’ve had my first tantrum and pity party.
I’ve sworn a lot and threw some not-too-expensive or necessary equipment around, which hurt like fuck but did make me feel better for all of 1.3 seconds even if none of it broke, which would have been way more satisfying.
I guess you might be wondering what the fuck I’m doing wasting what will probably be the last days of my life sitting in front of a fucking camera and talking to myself, given how I don’t know if anyone is ever gonna find this. 
The only answer I can offer is because these might be my last words.  These might be my last days and I’ve still got so much to say.  Because I need to leave my family something.  I need to know that I tried to tell them I love them, that I tried to come back to them.  Because if I don’t leave this proof, my crew will never have the chance to know they didn’t do anything wrong.  Because I’m fucking terrified of forgetting shit and nobody knowing it and these logs will be my memories, anchoring me.  Because I need to pretend someone will find this and it’ll be seen and I’ll have made a connection, even long after I’m dead.
Because I’m not fucking ready to go.
Shit, maybe it’s just because I was picked as Media Relations expert for the mission and I’m too fucking used to talking into a camera at this point.
Your guess is as good as mine.
But I don’t know how long I’m gonna last or what state I’ll be in pretty soon, so some of the shit I got to share ain’t gonna be pretty.
Just a warning.
Now I guess I’ll try and explain what happened.  I say try because I was unconscious for a large part of it so I’m basically making an educated guess, but I’m a scientist, we’re allowed to do that shit.  It’s a called a hypothesis, and this is my Mars Hypothesis.
I want to point out something first, before I do the whole ‘48 hours earlier' shit.
It was not Commander Rogers’ fault that I got left here. It was not the fault of the rest of the crew.
We clear on that?
It was not the crew’s fault. 
It wasn’t anyone’s fault.
Actually, I’m inclined to blame Mars.  Fuck Mars, it’s all this planet’s fault.  This is what you get when you name a planet after the god of war.  It attacks people for no reason.  All I was doing was trying to leave, for fucks sake.
The crew couldn’t have known I was alive. They did nothing wrong in following procedure, just like Philips drilled into them time and again. Just in case anyone does actually find these logs, I want to make t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Andrew Garner/Melinda May

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Space
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Science Fiction
First Time
Mutual Pining
Non-graphic medical procedures
spoilers for The Martian
the martian - Freeform
Andy Weir

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Andrew Garner/Melinda May

