Work Text:
Tony blocks his parents’ murderer’s iron fist, halting its path towards his face. Later, he'll probably contemplate the fact that his parents’ murderer’s fist is actually vibranium alloy, but in this moment, he isn't overly concerned about technicalities.He’s angry. He knows, in the back of his mind, that Barnes hadn't been in control of his actions. He knows that. But he’s angry because Steve  knew. Steve  knew,  and  he didn't tell him.  He's angry because Steve hasn't listened to him since the beginning of this goddamn fight. Not just in Siberia, but ever since they started arguing about those stupid fucking Accords. He's angry because Natasha just let them go. He's angry because Steve doesn't give a shit that Rhodey is paralyzed from the waist down. He's angry because  so was I. He’s angry, but mainly, he's just tired.He's just trying not to be killed. He doesn't want to hurt Barnes anymore. The only reason he blows the damn arm off is because Barnes grabbed the reactor. It's not even in his chest anymore, but  no one is allowed to touch the reactor. He’s tired of people leaving. Obadiah stabbed him in the back figuratively, tore out his heart literally. Bruce ran. Pepper ditched him. And Steve… Steve is trying to kill him.Tony's tired much more than he's angry.It's a blur, really. Block the shield, block Barnes’s hits, block the shield, block Barnes, block the shield, block Barnes, take the fucking shield’s blows, fall to the ground, take the hit, take the hit, take the hit.Tony’s hands are limp, but Rogers is blind with fury and he’s  still hitting him. Each hit hurts, it  hurts,  and he  won’t stop. The mask is cast aside, skitters across the frozen floor. Steve’s chest is heaving as he towers over Tony, his shield poised to drop down on him again. He makes eye contact with Tony, and his blue irises look icier than the snow around them and the base. Tony decides that an angry Captain America is a hell of a lot scarier than an angry Hulk.When Steve brings down the shield, and it looks like it’s coming towards his exposed throat, Tony hates the fact that he’s grateful. Tony drifts awake, squinting his eyes shut as the light nearly instantly blinds him.Huh. Hell’s a lot brighter than he thought it’d be.Beside him, there’s a shuffle, and Tony looks over to see Rhodey conked out. He’s in his wheelchair with his head slumped forward so his chin is against his chest.Turning his gaze to the tubes in his arms, Tony sighs. Guess he’s not dead then. Not a bad thing, but it doesn’t feel too great either. His entire abdomen hurts, and he’s sure he has a few broken ribs. He remembers the shield crunching against his arc reactor, which yes, is not connected to his chest anymore, but it’s still as terrifying as it’s always been.He doesn’t know if he should wake Rhodey or not, but luckily he doesn’t have to decide. The door creaks open slowly, a clear sign someone’s entering who shouldn’t be. Tony lifts his head to see Peter Parker peeking his head in.The teenager looks surprised to see him awake, and Tony can hear the sound of something dropping out of his hidden hands. He’d facepalm if the tubes weren’t connected to his arms. Rhodey jerks awake, grabbing for a weapon that isn’t there, and Peter stumbles in, holding his hands up in surrender after picking up his belongings and shutting the door.“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to-”“Who the hell are you? This is a closed room, you can’t-” Rhodes demands, but Peter actually rambles over him.“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, I wasn’t expecting you to be awake, uh-”"Wait, are you the  spider kid?”   Rhodey asks, clearly recognizing his voice from Leipzig.“Uh, what? I don’t-” At Rhodey’s raised eyebrow, he concedes. “Okay, yes, I’m Spider-Man. But please don’t tell anyone, I can’t-”“Kid, relax, he’s not going to tell anyone,” Tony interrupts tiredly, weakly waving his hand as much as he could with the tubes in his arms. “Right, honeybear?”Rhodey sighs loudly, crossing his arms. “Fine,” he relents. “But why are you here?”Peter looks sheepish. “Uh, I- Aunt May saw what happened in Germany, and she thinks we’re like best buddies now since the ‘grant-’” -he uses air quotes- “so she made cookies and told me to bring them to you.” He holds out the Tupperware container filled to the brim with cookies.“What kind?” Tony asks cautiously, and he hears Rhodey squawk at his rudeness.“Avocado oatmeal,” Peter answers.“I thought you were on my team,” Tony says, raising an eyebrow, secretly appreciating the sentiment.To his delight, Peter laughs. “Hey, I just promised her I would deliver them. I’m not going to make you eat them.”Tony smiles, takes the box, and promptly hands it off to Rhodey, who looks exasperated.Still, he opens the box and pulls out a cookie. Tony and Peter share a look as he takes a bite. A few seconds later, he hisses, sticking out his tongue.“What- are you trying to  poison us?” he asks, still sputtering.“Yeah, May's not too good at baking,” Peter says, muffling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Peter
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
that Stupid Letter
Tony Stark Angst
but then peter's there being the great son he is

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

