Work Text:
The first time Jarvis holds little Anthony in his arms, he is overwhelmed by emotion that is surprising in its intensity. The child is not his own. Jarvis' relationship with Mr. Stark is hardly anything more than that appropriate between an employer and his employee. He feels a great deal of warmth for Miss Maria, but despite the formality and coldness he has experienced working for the Starks, when little Anthony's palm curves around his finger, Jarvis ducks his head to keep the others from seeing the wetness in his eyes."Hello Master Anthony," he whispers into the little ear, tugging the bundle of blankets closer to his heart.*Jarvis is surprised to be given as much responsibility caring for the child as he is. He is a butler, not a nanny. He had assumed that Mr. Stark will hire the finest child care providers, to support Miss Maria, especially after what has been a very painful delivery.But less than three days after the birth, Jarvis finds himself responsible for changing diapers, feeding, burping and bathing the young Stark. He is stretched thin, between managing the household, the other staff, handling Mr. Stark’s schedule and commitments and waiting on Miss Maria. Two days later, Howard institutes half a dozen other hands to help around the house, a valet, a chef and a second nanny.“I don’t like seeing you panicked, Jarvis. It is very unnerving to see you less than perfect.”“Sir, really,” Jarvis replies, his expression offended, “I see no reason to stand here and be insulted.”“Indeed, forgive me. I must be imagining things,” Mr. Stark smiles at him and walks away, dropping a kiss to Anthony’s baby curls.*Howard and Maria are very weird parents. When Anthony turns one, Howard begins a campaign to get his son to say his first words.“Babies don’t start talking till eighteen months, Howard,” Maria repeats, in the tone of someone who has had this argument many times.“My boy is a genius! He will be, how can he not be a genius?” Howard snaps back, before turning back to Anthony on the carpet. “Tony, say en-giiiiine. Engine. En-giiiiine.”The toddler turns huge eyes to Jarvis, back to his father and unconcernedly continues playing with his toy train.While Jarvis smiles at the insistence on the word ‘engine’, he wishes the child had a choice to say Mama, Dada or the dozen other baby words that are usual first word contenders. Maybe Anthony would grow up to be a dancer, an artist or a chef. Maybe Anthony would never have to know the components of a combustion engine.He shrugs, trying to remember that his young charge is not actually his son. His parents have the right to raise him the way they want.He doesn’t know it then, but at fifteen months, Tony’s first words will be “Jaawwis, up!”*At three years old, Tony builds his first combustion engine and a space walking toy robot. Jarvis helps him paint the little robot red and gold. When the child puts his inventions on display for his father, Howard points out areas of improvement for the engine, dismisses the toy robot and calls a press conference. He is “grooming the boy to take over SI”.Later that night, Jarvis finds young Anthony taking apart his robot and throwing the parts at his bedroom wall. The butler wants to go in and hug the boy close, but he decides to set the example that his parents aren’t capable of setting.“Anthony,” says Jarvis from the doorway. “We don’t treat our belongings this way. We treat our belongings with respect. What did the robot do to you?”“It’s stuuupid,” comes the barely audible mutter.“It certainly isn’t,” Jarvis enters, and straightens the sheets tucked into the boy’s mattress. “If it were, it would not give you as much happiness as it does. Everything that makes you happy is important. I want you to remember that, alright?”“Dad doesn’t like it.”“Your father is very happy with everything that you build. We all have our favorites, right? The engine is his favorite. When I make you chocolate cake and red velvet cake, you completely ignore the red velvet cake, don’t you? Does that mean you won’t eat the red velvet cake later?”Tony shakes his head, his eyes huge.“Your father likes the toy robot, too. But the engine is his favorite.”“What’s your favowite, Jawwis?”The boy’s lisp is prominent again, probably because he is upset. Jarvis makes a mental note to get the child to do his speech exercises before presenting him before Mr. Stark. The sight of a lisping son will not improve the elder man’s mood, another reminder of what he thinks is a less-than-perfect son.“My favorite?” Jarvis sits on the bed and pulls the boy close, hugging him to his chest. “My favorite will always be you, my Anthony, with your piggy nose and dimple cheeks and spiky hair.”Tony giggles into Jarvis’ neck, used to his routine. “I don’t haff piggy nose dimple cheeks spike haiw!”“Yes, you do, beautiful boy. You will always be my favorite, even when you completely forget all the manners I have taught you and throw your belongings at the wall. Pick up this 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Paternal Feelings
Tony Stark's Daddy Issues
Edwin Jarvis is the father we all deserve
Blink and you will miss it scene of an abuse of a minor
There is a scene where a parent gets drunk and hurts his son with violence
Abuse
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Compliant
Genius! Tony
Steve-Jarvis bonding
For reasons
Tony Stark Protection Squad
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Podfic Available
Translation Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis

