Work Text:
There was a boy kneeling on a cold stone floor, scrubbing the dirt off with an old brush and freezing water.
Although, boy wasn't quite accurate. A young man would be more fitting. Alas, while he was of age, his appearance made others believe him to be so much younger.
He was small for his age. Thin to a point that suggested too many missed meals. Scars littered his skin, browned from working in the gardens.
Brown messy hair and brown empty eyes.
Tony always appeared like a freak.
 
Which is why his father and godfather always made sure he kept on the property as much as possible, only being allowed to leave when errands had to be ran.
The scrubbing of the floor paused when Tony's stomach ached painfully. After a second and an exhausted sigh, the hungry boy continued. It had been at least two days since he had eaten, which was his own fault really. Tony only got food if he earned it, and he just hasn't worked hard enough to earn his usual leftovers.
Rags hung on his body as clothes, washed clean but threadbare.
It hadn't always been like this. There was a time of regular meals and a warm bed once. A time of soft touches and gentle hugs. Of smiles and fun.
Back when his mother was still alive.
 
She was such a kind woman. Soft and strong at the same time. Fighting that horrible disease to the end. The only battle she ever lost. The only person Tony can remember who loved him.
That's why he always remembered her lessons. "Be kind and have courage." She always said. And so he did, even though his father thought they were useless traits, Tony always tried to be kind.
After Maria's death, Howard's drinking had really gotten out of hand. The old Stark was drinking away the family fortune. So to save costs, all the staff was let go. Including the family butler, Jarvis, who had been like a father to the young heir.
Still, the house needed cleaning, the gardens needed a green touch, and someone had to prepare meals.
Howard certainly wasn't going to move a finger, Obadiah was a guest, so that left Tony to do it all.
He has been working himself to the bone every day for the last five years, spending his nights studying in the hopes of getting out of that dammed mansion.
One day... he would be free.
 
 
"Boy!!"
A shiver ran along Tony's spine as Obi's voice echoed loudly throughout the halls. The old man never called Tony by his name, always referring to him as Boy or Freak. If he was really angry it would be Scum or Piece of Shit.
Tony carefully looked up from scrubbing and swallowed thickly when Obi entered his vision. "Master Stayne..." The brunette mumbled in greeting, head bowed to avoid any further anger.
"Get your ass into the kitchen. Howard and I have important business to discuss."
Instead of waiting for Tony to get up, Stayne just grabbed the boy's hair and pushed him towards the kitchens. "It better be served within half an hour!" And with that, he was gone.
Well that was new. Howard and Stayne never discussed business anymore. They were both living off the money they made when younger. What business could they be getting into now?
Tony shook his head to clear his mind and got back to work. It wasn't his place to worry about stuff like that, he was just some servant boy after all.
 
 
Dinner was prepared just in time, which meant Tony would be at least yelled at for being too late. That's just how things were.
And indeed, as soon as the young adult walked in with two filled plates, Howard snapped at him.
"About time. Hurry the fuck up. We don't have time to wait on a useless shit like you."
Tony wisely kept silent as he served the food and left to grab a fresh bottle of wine.
He poured Howard's glass first, and again as he had emptied it within a few seconds. As he tended to the two men's needs, he couldn't help but overhear their conversation.
 
"It's a big event Howard. The biggest of the century. You can't skip out on this one." Obadiah started before pausing to take a bite of the food, scowling and snapping at Tony to add some more sauce.
"I know that Obi, but I quit. We both did. Why should I bother?" Howard answered bored.
Stayne frowned and leaned forward slightly, eyes focussed. "Because T'Chaka is one of the guests of honour. And he's bringing his son. You know what this means Howard..." Stayne trailed off, a smirk on his face.
"If we can get a deal..." Howard continued
"We can finally finish that project." Obi finished as Howard began to smirk as well, pushing his empty glass aside and leaning forward. "All we have to do is charm that old king. Shouldn't be too hard. And then... then we can buy their Vibranium and finish our final missile. We'll become the most powerful men in the world Stark." Stayne raised his glass and laughed openly.
Howard's eyes sparkled with greed as he grabbed the glass Tony had silently filled again before toasting on a bright future.
 
 
It wasn't until many hours later that Tony slipped into his small room near the kitchen, falling down on his straw bed with a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Male Cinderella
Cinderella Elements
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Child Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Minor Character Death
Hurt Tony
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Tony-centric

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor

