Work Text:
The air is alive with the sound of needles when the hottest guy Foggy’s ever seen wanders into Josie’s parlour. It means he’s the only one free to greet the guy, because their new receptionist is in a chair under Rob (the employee discount is insane, but it’s sound business).“Hello, welcome to Josie’s, I’m Foggy, what are you looking for?”“Uh, nothing,” the guy replies, and Foggy is nonplussed for the nanosecond it takes to put together glasses, cane, and the way Hottie McHotFace is gazing absently over his shoulder.“Oh, oh, you’re blind, dude, sorry. But, uh, this is a tattoo parlour?”“I know.” The guy sighs. “I lost a bet?” Foggy adds the satchel, worn sneakers and terrible haircut to his previous deductions. “College student?” he hedges, and Hottie nods. “What are we talking? Jigglypuff? My Little Pony? Chuck Norris?”“Marci Stahl is smarter than me,” the guys says, a tad miserably. “I’m Matt, by the way.” Foggy clicks his tongue against the back of his teeth.“Look, far be it from me to turn down work, but this is a terrible idea,” he starts. Matt sets his jaw, looking like the dictionary definition of stubborn, and Foggy prepares himself for a tricky argument. Sure, he’s only 24, but he’s been at this for six years by this point, he can stick to his guns. “One, you are way too young to get someone’s name on you, unless you’ve already married this girl, in which case, I’m not judging.“Except I am, obviously,” he adds, shrugging. “Oh, I shrugged. And now I’m waggling my finger, because two, tattoos are fun and awesome and not to be used as some sort of punishment or forfeit after whatever terrible drinking game you kids are playing these days.”Matt interrupts him then, not with actual words but with a smile that stops Foggy’s mouth running away with itself. (It gives Foggy’s mouth other ideas. Lots of Foggy’s parts, actually). “Bullshit, you’re the same age as me,” he says into the silence.“How the hell would you know?”“Jigglypuff? My Little Pony? I can’t see for shit but I can hear ‘millenial’ all over you.”“Okay, you shut your mouth, I am old and wise beyond my years, and anyway, THREE, we don’t do braille tattoos.”“There are braille tattoos?”“Oh my god, what research did you do? Did you just lose the bet and go find the nearest parlour?”“Nooooooo,” Matt says, and boy, that is the worst lying face Foggy has ever  seen, and he deals with fourteen year olds trying to get illegal tats like four times a week.“Okay, you, out, now. And don’t think you can go to another shop, I am sending your picture to the super secret league of tattoo artists. Come back when you’ve done, like, any research. At all. Fucking Google would do.” A thought occurs to him. “You can Google shit, right, that wasn’t, like, horribly offensive and awful? Cause you’re an idiot and I really want to have the moral high ground here.”Matt laughs, which,  pretty, and in other circumstances, Foggy would love to ink him. “I can Google shit. I will. Promise. Although you haven’t got a camera to take my picture, so I could go elsewhere.”“Bitch, please, I’m an artist, I will draw you,” and he doesn’t mean for it to sound so  fond  or, like, intense, but Matt colours slightly and Foggy hopes his beard hides his blush before he remembers, duh, blind.Matt reaches behind him for the door and finds it first time, impressive, and he gives Foggy another smile. “I’ll be back,” he says, and Foggy wags his finger again, and narrates it.“Research!”The door closes with a jaunty jangle and Josie coughs ominously behind him. “You’re banned from greeting customers, Nelson. Rob, tell Karen she can only get work done when Foggy’s busy if we ever want to have clients.”“I can hear you,” Karen murmurs, still face first down in the chair, but they all know she gets too blissed out mid-tattoo to remember anything said to her.Foggy rolls his eyes. “You’d have turned him down too.”“He was cute. You know how cute sells. We’d have had a line of girls around the block,” Josie responds.“Cute but stupid.” They both sigh. It’s kind of a shared kryptonite.  “I’ll give him another chance if he comes back.” Which, like, is not going to happen after Foggy’s admittedly appalling customer service, but it mollifies Josie.+Matt’s back the next day.“No!” Foggy yells as he makes his way across the room to his actual client, Jemma, who is deciding whether or not to have colour in her tattoo — a series of concentric circles and dots that she calls an atomic diagram and that Foggy calls neat as all hell.Karen moves to intercept Matt, who is already pulling a face, and Foggy gamely soldiers on, showing Jemma some of his earlier work. “If you need a minute with him, it’s fine,” she says, because she’s crazy polite. “I need time to look these over.” Foggy shuffles, reluctant, and she shoots him a look and uses lots of consonants in a scary English way: “Stop hovering and talk to the human puppy, Foggy. Please.”He sighs and makes his way over to the reception desk, where apparently th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Tattoo Parlor
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Slow Build
Tattoos

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

