Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint was used to being alone. Snipers work alone. Spies work alone. He’s been a secret agent so deep under cover that sometimes he wasn’t even sure who he was really working for anymore. Even if Natasha was with him, chances were good she was working the opposite side. He’d been held prisoner, tortured for information (which he’d never given, usually because he didn’t have it; S.H.I.E.L.D. agents don’t know any more than they need to know), and kept in psychiatric isolation for weeks after a long mission while the assessment teams determined whether he’d been compromised or broken or turned the wrong way. Fury put a stop to that eventually; he trusted Barton, trusted him to be the agent watching over the Tesseract and everyone working on it. He was trained to resist torture, mind control, brainwashing, anything else they might try. He was not, however, trained to resist Asgardian magic, and if there’s training that could teach you to do that, someone at S.H.I.E.L.D. was undoubtedly working on the project right now, but that didn’t help Clint much. Actually, it didn’t help him at all, because if he ever did see Loki again, he intended to put an arrow through his forehead well before the psychotic bastard could get near him with whatever weird tool of destruction he was wielding. Clint did not intend to be compromised again.
When informed by Fury that he was going to be stationed in Stark Tower with the rest of the Avengers, he wanted nothing to do with it, but you don’t say no to Fury, so he decided that instead he’d just piss Tony off with a list of ridiculously unreasonable demands and let Tony deal with Fury, because Tony does say no to Fury… not always successfully, but he does it, and it is his tower, after all.
First he insisted on a room at the top of the tower, knowing that those were Tony’s research and development labs and his workspace and his private spaces. To his surprise, Tony cheerfully agreed. Then he demanded that his room be equipped, along with the regular furniture and accompaniments, with a loft accessible only by rope ladder and a hammock along with the bed to sleep in. Tony seemed to find this demand amusing, but he assured Clint it wouldn’t be a problem. Then Clint demanded a secret outdoor perch accessible only from his loft where he could sit outside and watch the city, and Tony laughed and asked him if he wants his nest built out of metal or sticks. Clint was a bit suspicious, but Tony seemed to be genuinely pleased with the idea of having all the Avengers in Stark Tower, so he let it go.
Once he moved in, he assumed Natasha didn’t have much of a choice. In Coulson’s absence, Natasha had probably been assigned as his default handler, since Fury knows Clint will probably listen to her a decent percentage of the time. Clint also suspected, of course, that Natasha and Tony had probably been assigned to monitor and report on each other, each without the other’s knowledge. He was quite certain everyone has been instructed to report on him. He was the one who was compromised, after all. They thought Loki was out of his head, but nobody wanted to make assumptions. Clint knew Loki wasn’t out of his head, not completely, because the fragments of things he didn’t want to remember were still there, and they weren’t going away.
 
 
 
“Good morning, Agent Barton,” JARVIS said, and as Clint rolled over in his hammock, he realized it was the third or fourth time he’d said it.
“What?” he demanded, trying to nestle back down into the hidden cocoon of his blankets and pillows.
“The rest of the team requested that you join them for breakfast today. You agreed to their request. They’ve asked me to awaken you to…”
“Fuck,” Clint muttered.
“Agent Barton, you are aware that waking up at the proper hour might be easier if you considered taking less than three times the normally prescribed dosage of sleeping pills.”
Clint sat up and swung his feet to the floor. “Yeah, yeah. I thought you had instructions to give me whatever I needed to sleep.”
“I do, sir. But I also have instructions to monitor your usage. And to monitor whether you are engaging in other questionable practices such as taking significantly higher than recommended dosages of anti-anxiety medications.”
“Don’t you have some kind of calculations or something you’re supposed to be doing for Stark?”
“The work Mr. Stark currently has me occupied with requires only a minor fraction of my processing ability.”
“So you’re wasting the rest of it counting pills?”
“Negative, sir. I wasted approximately 0.3 nanoseconds doing that.”
“Sorry to take up so much of your time,” Clint grumbled, kicking the rope ladder off the edge of the loft and hooking his feet in to climb down. He knew pulling the ladder up at night to keep people away was all for show; he could see the recessed spot in the ceiling that he was pretty sure held another ladder JARVIS could deploy if ordered to. He made his way to the shower and stood under the cascad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Thor
Clint Barton/Other(s)
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark/Thor
implied Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Teamwork
Psychological Trauma
Rape/Non-con References
Medical
BDSM

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Thor
Clint Barton/Other(s)
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark/Thor
implied Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Tony Stark

