Chapter 1: Simply Knowing You Exist
    




Chapter Text
 
"Simply, knowing you exist ain't good enough for me." -Kate Nash, 'We Get On'
 There were several things that one needed to know about Steve Rogers, more predominately known as Captain America, in order to truly understand what type of person he is. And to get a full understanding of his motives and the personality hidden behind the All-American Boy façade, which really isn't a façade at all, one would simply have to turn on the light.Or just look at the internet history on his Stark Phone.Which wasn't at all hard to find. Steve often left it sitting in plain sight, unlocked, and he never even bothered closing any of the icons or web pages he had previously been on.So it wasn't at all surprising that Natasha was the first to discover all Cap's 'dirty little secrets'.**********Early Monday morning, Natasha stumbled down into the kitchen, grumbling and attempting to untangle the red mass of birds nest that was currently her hair with calloused fingers. She trudged over to the coffee machine, some stainless steel piece of...something that she was just beginning to figure out how to use. Natasha had no idea where Stark stored all of the imagination and manic behaviors that seemed to waft out of his very skin in droves of increasingly elaborate and more than a little inane inventions.The assassin waited, tapping her foot to an imaginary beat as her steaming hot cup of goodness brewed and poured out of a tap like nozzle on the side of the contraption. She stirred in her sugar and cream, suddenly a muffled buzzing noise interrupted the previously quiet atmosphere. She turned to the kitchen island and squinted, Steve's phone was vibrating and skittering around the marble table top. Natasha glided over, plucking the blue Stark Phone off the table and taking a sip of her sweet drink before glancing down at the blonde's phone.Who would be calling him at this hour?It was Agent Coulson.She sighed heavily, the red head really didn't feel like carrying on a conversation this early in the morning on her most hated day of the week. Besides it wasn't exactly an emergency was it? If something was currently destroying the city, the Avengers alarm would have gone off and the team would have been the first on the scene in minutes. Natasha shook her head before reluctantly answering it."What do you need Phil." She'd gotten straight to the point.The connection on the line was bad and the Agent's voice crackled with static. "Um Agent Romanoff? Why are you using the Captain's phone?"Natasha combed a hand through her hair, glancing down at the frayed edges, she really needed to get a trim. "He left it downstairs. Do you really need to talk to him?""Well not necessarily.""Shoot.""I just needed to inform the Captain that you will be receiving a new...more permanent addition to the team."Her eyes narrowed. "Excuse me? And when did you decide this? Are you trying to replace Stark? Because I told Fury I was wrong about him and that he was a perfect fit for the team. Put Fury on the phone now." Natasha hadn't really meant any of the things she had said about the Stark kid previously, after all he was only 21 years old and whether she liked it or not, the assassin knew that Tony always meant well and he had a good reason for all of his slightly manic and destructive behavior. Besides the occasional drinking binge and the previous days he spent without food and showers in order to finish a project Tony's slate was pretty clean.Not to mention the fact that the team always made an effort to make him feel comfortable and wanted, it was his home after all and the least they could do was bring him some coffee or something to eat when he was in the lab too long. Or brush his hair when he fell asleep in their laps.Well, she was the only one that had ever done that for Stark but that was beside the point."Calm down Agent, were not replacing anyone. But since Thor is away so often, Director Fury thought it would be a good idea seeing as you guys need more of a hand on occasions when Thor isn't around.""Good. So who is it?""A mutant, he goes by the name of Wolverine. I'm sure you've heard of him?""Oh, I've heard of him." She rolled her eyes. "Good morning Agent.""What-?"After hanging up on Phil and drinking the rest of her beverage, Natasha busied herself with snooping through the Captain's phone. She found it pretty laughable that Steve NEVER cleared any of his history.At least she'd found it funny, that is until she stumbled upon what he'd previously been searching for on his chrome app.
How to woo a Billionaire? How to converse with someone smarter than you? What do you do when you want to hold someone's hand?
It wasn't that hard to come to the conclusion that-"Steve's in love with Tony?"*********Steve twiddled his thumbs nervously as he waited for the bacon sizzling on the stove to finish cooking. He'd arranged an elaborate breakfast of pancakes, grits , a bowl of fruit, an omelet and a sp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers
Tony Stark/Everyone
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Everybody loves Tony
Literally everyone - Freeform
Pining Steve Rogers
pining everyone
Oblivious Tony Stark
Jealousy
so much jealousy
Jealous Steve Rogers
possesive behavior
Protective Avengers
Tony Stark Defense Squad
They will literally fight you if you say one bad thing about their iron cinnamon roll
Fluff and Smut
SO MUCH FLUFF
and smut once they learn to share Tony
Logan doesn't really like Tony
he just likes to fuck with steve
Young Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony is nice to everyone
even when he shouldn't be
Bruce Wayne wants to be in a sad little rich boy duo with Tony
except Tony isn't as sad
Logan likes to fuck up everyone's chance with Tony. Why? I really don't know
Tony is too cute for his own good
also big brother Rhodes swoops in to fuck shit up
Nobody dates Tony without his permission
Seriously don't even dream about Tony cuz Rhodey WILL KNOW.
Steve takes Johnny Storm wayyy too seriously
Natasha doesn't really want to screw Tony
she just wants to dress him up and keep him cute forever
She puts him in skirts and heels to fuck with everyone
Crossdressing Kink
Crossdressing Tony Stark
he will wear the shit out of a sweater dress and thigh highs
This story is not mean to be taken seriously
it's out of character and everything
its not a crack fic but don't expect a fleshed out character masterpiece
this is just a silly cute fic for Tony lovers broken up about civil war
Throwback fic dedicated to my fanfiction.net days
Tasha will totally wear a strap on for him though
shes just not into the vagina stuff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers
Tony Stark/Everyone
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

