Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky does not like this. Not one bit. He checks the exit at the end of the hallway, which leads back the way he came. Through that door, they’ll all be sitting there, probably expecting him to come slinking back, to chicken-shit out again. Maybe some talk about money changing hands will happen very, very quietly. Steve will smile and maybe say “Maybe next week, pal,” like he did last time. The rest will look at him like “What the hell?” because they really like Steve and are sick of seeing him disappointed. Nobody will actually say such a thing to Bucky, because Bucky’s sure they’re all at least a little afraid of him. Maybe not Steve.But maybe Steve. Bucky can’t get a valid read on him. He tries, but the guy’s all smiles of various intensities and stories and attempts at reassurance. His face is like the windows at Bucky’s old apartment, taped over with newspaper. The funnies section. Or maybe a human interest story about a little boy who spent all his allowance money to feed homeless people bologna sandwiches. There’s light behind it, yes. Steve seems to be made of pure light sometimes - his eyes, his smile.But Bucky knows that like any good soldier who has been to war and back, Steve has a box full of the bad stuff – grief, remorse, guilt, anger, a slew of terrible memories and emotions he hasn’t processed. The box gets stuffed under the bed, maybe in the back of the closet. Steve hasn’t let on that such a thing exists for him, but Bucky knows better. Bucky’s original box, the one from his old life, is now nothing but a shredded tangle of was-box, an artifact from when one modest box was actually enough to hold all the bad. He had to find a new box, an industrial shipping container, to put all this Hydra mess in. Keeping that thing from blowing apart – from blowing him apart – is almost a full-time job.Bucky’s also pretty sure that some of the stuff in Steve’s box is about him. Steve has alluded to the worries he has, but he’s been careful not to provide a lot of substantive evidence that Bucky causes him heartburn. Bucky doesn’t even know how to begin to broach the subject. All of his human relations files have been corrupted, and he’s not highly motivated to fix them. The wall between Steve and him is actually pretty comfortable. Safe. For everyone.He startles when he hears a sudden noise down that hall. Startle doesn’t show much in his body; he’s got a good handle on that. They made him get a good handle on that. Only his blue eyes dart right to glance in the direction of the sound. He feels a surge of electricity throughout his body, his limbic system spooling up like a wild motor that has time and again propelled him violently toward whomever was unfortunate enough to be in his way.Although he wore a mantle of solid menace when activated, nobody but his programmers and handlers knew that the Winter Soldier was powered by pure fear. Why rewrite nature’s little survival handbook? Why not simply harness the power of evolution itself? Too easy. Just like Little Albert, if he was a homicidal maniac.Sleep. Clang. Food. Clang. Human contact. Clang. Question orders. Clang. Violate mission parameters. Clang. Remember certain things. Clang. Forget certain things. Clang.The noise is Sam. Laughing. Good lord, that laugh. Is it even real? Is it an actual reflection of joy? Bucky thinks it might be a little too loud. He wonders if something darker kicks it up a notch, a minuscule overcompensation. What’s underneath? Sad? Empty? Maybe it’s real. Maybe there’s nothing underneath but happy. Bucky tries to remember if he ever laughed like that, what was underneath it.… Yeah… Yep. That guy laughed a lot.Underneath? He can’t really remember.=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=Down that hall and out that exit, Steve, Wanda, Sam, Clint, and Scott are sitting in the communal living room in the guest wing of T’Challa’s palace. Steve has his gaze trained to the door they saw Bucky go through about five minutes ago, as if staring at it will ensure that Bucky doesn’t walk back out anytime soon.“I hope he stays this time,” Wanda says. She’s sitting cross-legged on the couch next to Clint. An open magazine sits on her lap, but she hasn’t looked at it since Bucky went back.“Me too,” Clint says. “The guy definitely needs help.”“A lot of help,” Sam mutters under his breath.“He’ll stay,” Steve says.Sam snorts. “What makes you think so? Why this time?”“I just know it.”“The best predictor of future behavior is past behavior,” Sam counters. “He’s 0 for 4 so far. I give him three minutes before he walks through that door.”“Can you really blame him? Last time he sat across from a shrink alone, things went pretty bad, right?” Scott says.“This guy’s different, starting with being an actual psychiatrist,” Clint says.“Psychologist,” Steve corrects.“Whatever. He’s got a license. And he’s good.”“I’ve never seen such a young person try to look like such an old person. It’s like he saw a picture of his granddad 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Psychological Trauma
Brainwashing
Teamwork
Science
Bucky Barnes-centric
Hurt/Comfort
Psychological Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Sexual Tension
Internalized Homophobia
Bad Parenting
Intergenerational Trauma
Suicidal Thoughts
Violence
Past Bucky Barnes/Various Female Characters
Sexual Content
Medical Torture
Psychology
POV Bucky Barnes
Hydra (Marvel)
Emotional Roller Coaster
Stockholm Syndrome
Introspection
Unreliable Narrator
Trust Issues
Lots and lots of psychotherapy
Homophobic Language
Period-Typical Homophobia
Heavy Angst
Vomiting
Gaslighting
Anxiety
Depression
Recovery
Character Study
Explicit Sexual Content
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Psychologists & Psychiatrists
parasuicidal behavior
Therapy
therapy fic
complex PTSD

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

