Work Text:
On a scale of one to praying-for-an-alien-attack-so-I-can-get-the-fuck-out-of-here, Darcy is straddling the line between this-would-be-better-if-I-was-drunk-off-my-ass and chew-my-own-arm-off-to-escape. It’s not that Darcy doesn’t like parties. She loves them. What she doesn’t love is official work-mandated parties. She never would have expected that a group of spies would be into throwing a mixer in a hotel bar, but here they are. Most look like they’re even having a great time.
Darcy, however, just wants to go home, but Coulson won’t fucking let her. She’s exhausted because she had to wade through a multitude of incident reports and paperwork from the last team to return. That would be Rogers and Barnes’s team, and they seem to generate so much more paperwork than any other team ever in the history of the whole damn organization. And speak of the devils…
“You don’t look like you’re having a good time, doll.” Ugh, Barnes. Darcy tosses back the rest of her beer, grits her teeth and tilts her head, to see him and Rogers looking a hell of a lot better than they had when they’d arrived back earlier that morning. It’s unfair that they get to look all sexy and dressed up, while she probably still looks like a mess who somehow just managed to fight her way out from under a mountain of paperwork. Which she had. 
Barnes, apparently, is a fan of invading personal space, because she can feel the heat of him at her back. She can’t shift on her bar stool without touching him. Rogers sits down beside her, and while he’s not nearly as close as Barnes, he’s definitely closer than is strictly polite. Despite the fact that she’s pissed as hell at them, their proximity definitely gets her pulse racing. Among other things. 
Not that she’s going to tell them that.
“Go away,” she snaps, glaring at both of them. Neither of them moves. 
 “You’re looking tense, baby doll.” Barnes reaches up to knead her shoulders. She slaps his hands away. 
“I’m so mad at you right now.” She turns back to signal the bartender to get her another beer only to find a new one sitting in front of her. Rogers is grinning at her hopefully. She narrows her eyes at him and takes a swig. “Don’t think this lets you off the hook. Do you know how much paperwork the two of you produce? Do you?”
“I—“
“Was blowing up the factory absolutely necessary?”
“Yes!” Rogers says defensively. “We had to disable weapons production somehow and that was most expedient way to do it.”
Darcy arches a brow and takes another long drink of her beer. “And holding the Canadian Prime Minister at gun point?”
“That was unfortunate,” Barnes says, earning another killing look from Darcy. “We’re sorry, princess. Let us make it up to you.” Somehow, without her realizing it, Barnes had inched closer; he’s flush against her now. His hands are light on her shoulders, asking permission.
“Fine. Go ahead,” she says, then sighs at how nice it is to have him working the knots of tension that have built up throughout the day. “I’m still not happy with you two.”
She feels a hand on her knee and looks at Rogers, who’s smiling gently at her. “So what can we do to make you happy?”
She likes the feel of his hand on her, of Barnes’s hands on her, and her breathing hitches. In an instant, frustrated annoyance morphs into lust.  “I like fucking,” she blurts out without thinking. 
Barnes’s hands still on her shoulders, and Rogers grins at her. “We can definitely do that.” We. Not I. Not he. Her body tingles with anticipation. 
“Yeah?” she says with a strangled laugh. “Prove it.”
She watches, breathing shallow, as Rogers’s hand creeps up her skirt, massaging her inner thigh. She throws her head back against Barnes’s chest, and she doesn’t even care if everyone can tell what they’re doing right now. All she cares about is Barnes’s hands, moving again on her shoulders, and Rogers’s fingers between her legs. She stops breathing—stops thinking entirely—when Rogers’s knuckles brush over her slit. Even through her panties, it’s enough to bring her hips up off of the bar stool. Without Barnes’s arms wrapping around her, she damn well would have fallen off.
“Fuck,” she gasps as Rogers teases her.
“We’ll get to that,” Barnes whispers against her ear. “Are you ready?”
Rogers’s fingers slip beneath the elastic of her panties, and he strokes. She knows she’s soaked and now he does, too. He grins at Barnes. “Yeah, she’s definitely ready.”
God, she can’t quite believe she’s doing this—moving further means both of them, at once, the realization of a secret fantasy. Is she prepared for that? Hell yeah.
She grins at Rogers and reaches boldly across and wraps her fingers around the bulge in his pants, eliciting a harsh groan from him. “Looks like I’m not the only one who’s ready.”
“Yeah, let’s go,” he chokes out. He tosses some bills on the table to cover her tab, then he leads her and Barnes through the growing crowd in the bar. Her palms are sweaty as Rogers holds her hand tightly and Barnes anchors her to his side
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M
Double Penetration
omg what did I write?
Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

