Work Text:
"No.""Tony-""This is an all-encompassing no. It means a refusal and it also means that I don't want to hear an explanation that you believe will sway me from said refusal." Tony crosses his arms, gives Pepper a narrow-eyed look and she looks unimpressed with him, which is pretty par for the course if he's going to be honest."So we should just get to the part where I ignore you and let you know that you have no choice?" Pepper asks archly."I'm not sure I like it when you point out to me that my free will is an illusion," Tony grumbles. "Okay, fine. Why are there a bunch of Avengers in my foyer with bags?""Director Fury and by extension Phil, have gotten worried about the level of bickering between you guys when on task. They think if you live in closer proximity, it might mean that petty squabbles get resolved before you hit the battlefield." Pepper pulls a cute little face when she says battle field, like she can't believe this is her life."There's already proximity," Tony protests. "They're all in my tower.""They each have a floor, and these days you're always here. If Mohammed won't come to the mountain-""Ugh, don't," Tony grunts. Natasha is glaring at him like she can hear what they're saying which he's pretty sure she can. She leans over and whispers something to Clint, who then glares at him too. Fantastic. There's a woman standing off to the side of the group that Tony didn't notice at first. She's wearing a beige suit so it's no wonder he looked right over her. "Who's that?""That's your therapist," Pepper says."I already have one.""Your team therapist," she corrects. "She works with a number of SHIELD units, helps keep them harmonious.""Are you serious?" Tony says, gaping a little. The woman is holding a bag that's got a smiling sun on it and Tony's instincts tell him to fear it, to fear whatever is inside the happy little bag.Steve approaches, because he's always the person that does. "Are you just going to make us stand in the hallway all day or what?" he asks, because Steve is also a lot ruder than people think when he's not playing nice for the cameras. It's actually something Tony secretly likes about the guy. Strip away the toothpaste smile and waving hand for the crowds and Steve is a bit of a surly old man, which is kinda appropriate."Pick a wing, go nuts," Tony says, flailing a hand."Excuse me," Beige woman says. She's stealthy like Natasha, Tony didn't even see her approach. "I think the issue with the tower was that you were so spread out. It defeats the purpose of the move if you continue to do so.""Are you suggesting I get a bunch of bunk beds in here and squeeze us all into one room?" Tony scoffs and the woman just looks at him. "No, wait-""Of course not," the woman says, and Tony is able to be relieved for a whole ten seconds before she says, "Miss Romanov will be allowed to stay in an adjoining room.""What-?""Miss Potts," the woman says, turning to Pepper and completely dismissing Tony's presence. He's kind of used to that, but she's also ignoring Steve which people just don't do. "Are you able to instruct the household AI to close off sections of the mansion?""Sure," Pepper says, looking far too pleased by the prospect."No, she can't," Tony interrupts."I can actually. I have the override code.""That's for emergencies. This isn't an emergency.""It's an emergency of unity," the woman says and what?"Look, lady-""Doctor Barrow.""Seriously? You want to go with that?""It's my name," she says, nonplussed."Okay, Doc-""-tor Barrow," she insists and Tony flails his hands."Whatever. You can't force us to-""I can, actually," Doctor Barrow interrupts. "You're all currently suspended and I’ll need to sign off on you before it’s lifted."Natasha confirms Tony's suspicions of super-hearing by rushing over. "What?" She looks murderous and generally that would give a person pause, but Doctor Barrow just digs a manila folder out of a beaten-up briefcase she has at her feet and holds it out. "I am to observe, take you through exercises and then monitor any restricted active duty when I deem it is time to road test what you've learned. You will be functioning in a reduced capacity until I complete these final evaluations.""I've never needed anyone's sign off to take the suit out.""That might well be true, but the longer you resist the process, the longer your fellow team mates who are not so unhampered will be reduced to sitting, what's the phrase? Cooling their heels."Natasha's murderous gaze swings Tony's way. "Embrace the process," she growls through her teeth.Tony looks around the loose circle that's formed. Natasha and Clint look severely pissed. They have the best reason because they really are reliant on SHIELD for what they do. Tony knows Bruce would be happy hiding himself in a lab somewhere and not worrying about being an Avenger but it's important to their two resident super spies and, by the looks of him, Steve as well.“Why does Thor get out of this?” he asks. The large Asgardian is 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Action Figures

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

