Chapter 1: The Letter
    


Notes:
Iron Man didn't happen so Tony still has the reactor.




Chapter Text
Clint was staring at the envelope in his hands. He knew that handwriting. He knew it all too well. After a few more seconds of staring he slowly went into the kitchen where everyone was currently eating."Guys. We got a letter from Natasha."Steve smiled from where he was sitting next to Bucky. Wanda and Sam frowned. When they escaped they tried to get Natasha and Vision to come with them but they said that someone had to keep an eye on Tony."Should I read it?"Steve shrugged."Why not."After getting the letter out Clint stilled completely. His eyes were flying over the words and suddenly he threw the paper on the table and rushed out with a quick:"I’m going to pack and talk with T’Challa about a plane."The kitchen was silent until Bucky stretched his metal arm across the table and took the letter. He was still getting used to the new arm he got from T’Challa but it worked and that was what mattered."I’ll just read it then. 'Avengers. This is serious. I need your help. Come immediately to the Avengers Tower. Ross has no control over who lands here so you’ll be safe. Tony won’t even know you’re here. It’s really urgent. Natasha.'"Everyone looked over to Steve. He silently assessed their faces. Wanda was anxious. She and Natasha had gotten close thanks to Clint but on the other side Wanda still hated Tony and was afraid of getting put in the jail again. Sam and Bucky were looking at him with understanding and acceptance. He knew that they would follow him whatever he decided. Scott looked almost bored. He was the only one who didn’t have any history with them. And now that Cassie was on her way to Wakanda he was a big unknown. Scott must’ve noticed the look he got because he said slowly:"Look Captain. You are a hero and all and I love you all but I’m out. Cassie is coming here and I don’t want to leave her again. I’m not coming with you."Steve nodded. He understood. Scott had risked much for them already."And the rest of you?""I’m going."Everyone seemed to be surprised that Wanda was sounding confident when she said it. She stood up and went out. Most probably to pack. Sam looked over to Steve and said:"If you go back I’ll go with you. But think this through Steve. Tony, Ross and a lot other people hate you right now. I’m on your side here brother. But I don’t want another fight like the last one."Bucky nodded. He didn’t want to fight either. Steve knew he would risk much if they went back. But he knew that they had to."Nat helped me and Bucky escape. We owe her. I’m going back. But if Tony tries anything I will not hesitate to punch him."Sam stood up."I’ll pack then. Meeting outside in an hour?"The Captain nodded."Tell Clint and Wanda. We are leaving as soon as King T’Challa lets us."About an hour later they were all sitting on a plane. T'Challa had came with them after they had explained what had happened. Now he was discussing something over a phone in what Steve guessed was Wakandian. Clint and Wanda were playing chess in a corner with Sam hovering over them. Bucky sat a bit more to the side but threw in comments about Clint’s way of playing. Half an hour later Clint cursed loudly when he had lost for the eleventh time."Damn Wanda. You are almost as good as Tony and he is unbeatable.""Well there was that one time…"Steve didn’t get to finish because Clint waved his hand in the air and interrupted him."He was drunk and hadn’t been sleeping for over three days. And he played against Bruce. So I think it’s fair to say that it shouldn’t count."And just like that it became quiet in the plane. Clint and Steve were thinking about the time at Avengers Tower. Sam and Wanda replayed those game nights in the Facility when they were all together. Bucky let his mind drift to all those things Steve had told him about the original Avengers. It was a pleasant silence. No one spoke again until they landed. They were greeted by Rhodey in some weird braces standing next to Natasha whose long hair was blowing in the wind. As they stepped out of the plane they saw Vision phase through the rooftop to stand a bit behind Natasha. And they all understood the meaning of it. If they were to hurt either Nat or Rhodey they would have Vision to deal with."Hey Nat."Clint went forward without any hesitation and enveloped the woman in a hug. After a few seconds she hugged him back and then took a step away and slapped him in the face."You’re an idiot."The archer smirked."Yeah I am. We good?"She nodded but didn’t smile. Meanwhile Rhodey took a few steps forward to greet the others. Vision, having most probably decided that Natasha was safe with Clint, moved after him."Rogers, Barnes, Wilson, Maximoff. It’s good that you came. I was against this but FRIDAY is getting more and more restless and Natasha refused to do anything until you arrived. And it’s great to see you too Your Highness."Steve felt that one of them had to say something and w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Protective Natasha
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Rhodey
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Childhood Memories
Hydra (Marvel)
SHIELD
Mutant Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Civil War Fix-It
Human Experimentation
Self-Harm
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Arc Reactor

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark

