Work Text:
When people ask me what I do for a living, there’s a test they have to pass, every time.I say, “Personal assistant,” and they either look disdainful or they don’t. That’s the first hurdle.They say, “Oh, who for?” and I say that it’s no one they would have heard of, and they either  look disappointed or they don’t. Some of them push to find out who it is, if it’s maybe someone famous, and that’s an automatic fail.Fairly often, I get an “Oh, what, like whats-her-name at Stark Industries? You want to end up CEO one, day, huh?”And I say “Yes,” absolutely straight-faced, and the ones who don’t laugh are the ones who pass.***I have picked up dry-cleaning for editors-in-chief, and walked the dogs of CEOs. I have called cabs for one-night-stands, and hired masseuses that I’m pretty sure weren’t masseuses, and once, memorably, been asked to serve divorce papers. I have been sexually harassed and treated as one of the family and fired without cause in the midst of an employer’s towering tantrum.That time, I was offered my job back the next morning with a sheepish apology. I said no thank you.I am very, very good at my job, is the thing. I am efficient, and cheerful, and organized. I keep a calendar that runs like clockwork, and I never lose my cool. If you need a PA of my caliber, you are probably a Very Important Person. I haven’t needed to submit a resume to HR once since my first job, right out of college; word-of-mouth and recommendations have opened every door I’ve wanted open.Still, I don’t expect the call that comes, from an unlisted number, while I’m sorting through my newest employer’s densely packed e-mail inbox. “Theresa Templet,” I say absently into my Starkphone-- the latest model, courtesy of the new boss, who seems thus far like an affable if disorganized kind of guy.“Ms. Templet, I’m with SHIELD,” says the woman on the other end. “One of our high-clearance contractors is in need of a PA, and you come very well-recommended. I’ve been authorized to offer you a chance at the position, if you’re interested.”“I’ve actually just started a new job,” I tell her apologetically. “Not that I’m not flattered. Who would I be working under, exactly?”“I’m afraid I couldn’t disclose that unless you were willing to come in for an interview,” the woman says. “I will say that it is, in my estimation, a very rewarding position-- both in terms of compensation and the work that you’ll be doing.”Okay, fine, I’m intrigued. Who at SHIELD needs a PA? I picture myself trotting after some super-spy in my cardigan and kitten heels, tablet computer at the ready. And besides, this inbox really is a disaster. “I can’t make any promises,” I warn. “But I’ll take the interview. When’s a good time?”“Are you free tomorrow morning?” she asks.The next day, at eleven o’ clock in the morning, I hand in my two weeks’ notice.***My first day on the new job, I wake up two hours early. I pin my braids into a neat updo, then worry that it’s too retro-looking, or possibly not retro enough. I pick out and reject three consecutive outfits (too matronly, too youthful, too boring) and a fourth on the grounds that it is red, white, and blue. I dither for the better part of half an hour over lipstick choices, and abandon all but the most rudimentary eye makeup for lack of time. I grab my bag (packed the night before), grab my personal phone from its charger (the shiny Starkphone, alas, is gone with the last job), and am out the door right on time.I don’t need to change trains for the new commute, which is a godsend, and I arrive ten minutes ahead of schedule. The people in the lobby are mostly be-suited office types, with some alarmingly well-armed security and a scattering of agents in sleek bodysuits. Everyone is walking slightly faster than normal, as if they all have somewhere very important to be. I wonder if there’s an item in the dress code enforcing Beige Tuesdays, because my green dress and mustard-yellow tights, chosen after much agonizing, stand out kind of a lot. I am definitely the only person in this building wearing a statement necklace.At the desk, I give my name and am issued a badge, a map, and stern instructions about not losing either one. Following the map leads me to a small office, which contains a desk, a bookshelf, a bulletin board, and an entire wall stacked to shoulder height with mail bins, the structural integrity of which gives me some pause. The bulletin board, upon closer examination, is covered in tacked-up children’s drawings of Captain America.The genuine article is nowhere to be found, though. For the first ten minutes, I amuse myself studying the bookshelf: lots of fat volumes of 20th-century history, which makes sense, and a bunch of biographies of famous modern artists. There’s also a Lord of the Rings box set, and unlike the history books, it looks to have actually been read; the same goes for the rest of the battered fiction collection. To Kill a Mockingbird has its spine cracked nearly in two.I’ve just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
FDR Democrats
steve vs. the media

fandom: 
None
