Chapter 1: Mystery Man
    


Summary:

Peter Quill could happily say that he was living the good life. He had a team, he had his own ship, he had the adventure and he had all the babes he could ever ask for!It wan't until a certain someone caught his attention that he discovers that he didn't, in fact, have everything he could ever want. But he was sure as hell going to try!



Notes:
I just really needed to get this down on paper, I've been thinking about it for a while so this is the result of my obsession... so, yeah....Also, there is hardly any of Tony Stark/ Peter Quill shipping! Whats up with that?!Anyway... enjoy!!




Chapter Text
They didn't seem to have much to do nowadays but after a mission, successful or otherwise, they'd go down to the nearest bar they can find and settle for a long night of drinking. For Peter this was the best thing that could ever sooth his nerves. He could have anything in a bar! A drink, a dance, a bet or drinking game and it was Peter's favourite place to pick up a suitable bed partner. Yep! Bars were completely his element (though that may be to do with the fact that Yondu and his crew liked a good drink too).Peter was basically ignoring all his teammates as they spoke of past battle, tactics and weapons. He liked fighting as much as the next guy but right now he was concentrating on an important task. Yes, picking up bed partners is an important task! First he had to know if they were alone or if they had friends or if they had any girlfriends or boyfriends around, which could get extremely messy extremely fast if he wasn't carful. Second, he had to find out if they were cute or hot enough to his liking. Third, make sure that they are at least a little tipsy for him to approach them and actually get them to agree. Fourth, make sure that they are not there to kill him. There! Simple!His eyes were weaving between the different people spotting out two assassins (or what would look like assassins guessing by the amount of hidden weapons on their person), skimming over couples and large groups of friends. He was nearly done when he finally found someone that caught his eye.A young man, maybe late 20s in Peter's life span with thick, wavy, short, dark brown hair with a red visor nested on top of his head. The young man was sitting at the bar with his head bowed and looking as if he was writing on something with his tongue sticking out slightly a pair of light brown eyes alight with intelligence and excitement. The act looked completely adorable in Peter's personal opinion and he could only stare as the man took a sip of his drink not bothering to take a break from writing but the thing that caught Peter's attention in the action was the man's hands. Even from a distance they looked scarred and used to work, with rough skin and chipped nails and over the hands were a sort of metal glove but it was fitted over in parts, his knuckles completely encased in red tinted metal and on the palm was a dim circle. It was a very strange accessory and one that Peter had never seen on another person. Peter could also see a very unique, close cut goatee on the man's face and soft pink lips concealing brilliant white teeth.Standing up, Peter excused himself for the night with a "Don't wait up" and he was making his way over with a confident stride and a charming grin on his face. His excitement doubling when he realised that his intended bed partner was smaller than him by quite a few inches. He didn't know why but he liked it when his partners were smaller, made him feel a bit more in control of the fun, having to be cautious of assassins and potential murderers may have been a reason for his choice in his partners hight...As Peter grew closer, he was able to see more of the man's attire. The man was wearing a well worn dark red and black jacket that fitted the man well and a plain black shirt was visible between the open folds of the jacket. The man also had the same kind of metal on his hands along his thighs and down the backs of his calves and to his shoes, some of the paint job red and specks of it gold. He also wore dark shaded trousers that showed off muscled thighs and pleasing narrow hips. Shoulders were broad and arms were muscled well and seemed to have a better muscle form than himself! And he was supposed to be the hero!With a new found determination, Peter sat down in the empty seat next to the young man and ordered a drink for him and another of what the man was having. He turned his body to face the young man who was giving him a confused and suspicious sideways glance as the drink was set in front of him.Taking a breath, Peter finally decided to take the leap of faith, "Sup handsome. Name's Star Lord, protector of the Galaxy but I couldn't help but get lost in your eyes."...He was screwed!'Got lost in your eyes'?! God! That was cheesiest thing he'd ever come up with!Silence stretched on for a couple of minutes, the man probably trying to save his brain from a disfunction du
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Everyone

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)
Hurt Tony Stark
Everyone blames Tony
until he's not there
Misunderstandings
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Torture
Pain
Extremis
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Experimentation
Hydra (Marvel)
Rocket Raccoon & Tony Stark Friendship
Science Bros
Groot is not Stupid
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Rhodey

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Everyone

