Work Text:
"Any particular reason why you're reading that, Captain ?"Steve's head jerked up and he glanced half-guiltily at Nick Fury. The director had paused in the doorframe and was eyeing the thick file spread out on the table thoughtfully."Um - it's not classified, is it?"Fury stayed silent for a minute more, considering, then shrugged. "No, it's not." He crossed the room and lowered himself into the chair opposite Steve. "But you won't find what you're looking for there."The unspoken question hung in the air between them."I –" Steve didn't know where to start. He swallowed. "There were some things he said – after, uh, after the kidnapping. Two days ago." He gestured at the numerous papers he had been rifling through. "I wanted to know if it really happened so much. And, well, I didn't think he was lying, but I couldn't quite believe it. But these – if anything, he probably downplayed it. And – " he gave Fury a slant-eyed glance. "I'm pretty sure this is the edited version."Fury assessed him, gaze calculating and lips pursed, for a minute. He leaned back in his seat."I met Tony Stark for the first time when he was fourteen years old."Steve blinked at the non-sequitur."Sir?""I'm pretty sure Stark doesn't remember it, seeing how he was drugged to the eyeballs. It was the longest time he'd ever gone off-radar – eleven days – and this time he'd actually been grabbed right off the MIT campus, so Howard had had me called in to help for the search. Big fat help it did him, because in the end Stark Junior got himself out all by his lonesome."Howard. The name still made his heart jerk at random moments, like a twinge in an old wound."So there we were, in Howard's library, Howard, me, and Stark. Scraggly little thing he was, all elbows and knees and impossibly thin under that mop of hair, but he stood ramrod-straight. He'd just been checked out of the hospital – actually, he'd gotten there himself, walked out of the place they'd been holding him, located the nearest hospital and checked himself in. And then he called his father."And yeah, Steve could totally picture that.
You need to let this go, it's not the first time it has happened and I'm pretty sure it won't be the last.
"Anyway, he had broken ribs and a sprained ankle, but he still held himself like he was at attention, during the entire time Howard talked to himself, going over the case. You see, the thing that puzzled us was that Howard had never been contacted. No demands for ransom, or plans, or technology. Radio silence."Fury reached over and flipped over one of the pictures. Tony, age fourteen, all dark eyes and untamable hair, scowled up at Steve."Stark cleared that up for us. They wanted him. Not as leverage. They'd seen some of the things he'd come up with at MIT and wanted him to improve some of Howard's designs they already held."Steve looked up, taken aback. How could Tony have reworked anything of Howard's? Designed something new, maybe – and despite the whole "genius" thing, Steve found it hard to believe that he could have surpassed his father before even graduating. Unless -Fury nodded grimly."You can imagine how Howard took that. He laughed his head off at the idea someone could improve his designs. Until Stark told him that he could have, and pointed out a flaw in the weapon they had asked him to upgrade."Steve drew a sharp breath. That could not have ended well. Unconsciously, his hands tightened on the photograph."Howard hit him so hard Stark fell over.""What?" Steve jumped up. "He really-"Fury held up a hand."Hold your horses, Captain. Tony Stark was not abused as a child. As far as I know, that was the only occurrence Howard Stark ever raised a hand to his son. Despite his alcoholism issues, or his otherwise questionable parenting, I am aware of no other occasion he struck Tony, either before or after the incident. And I would know.""You would?" Steve sank back down into his chair, rubbing his forehead. God. Howard. What had he been thinking."Of course. How often do you think we come across a fourteen-year-old who can outthink the world's prime weapons manufacturer? Even if it's his son. We kept tabs on him ever since he built his first weapons system."The silence settled in for a while. Fury didn't attempt to break it, merely eyeing Steve from across the table. He was still trying to digest everything. What had happened to the man he knew?"I just – I don't understand why he'd do that."Fury snorted."No-one understands a Stark. Not even themselves. But-" he hesitated. "As to Howard, I think there's one thing I can explain."He leaned forwards."The thing is, Rogers, I'm pretty sure Howard did care for his kid. No, don't argue, I worked with the man for thirty years, I did know him. He was fond of Stark, and he was proud of him, too. But he didn't really see him as a kid. He was his son, sure, he knew that, but I think that he never realized what being a kid meant. In a way, he was Howard's pet project. Howard had never been around many ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Friendship
Tony Feels
Tony Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Nick Fury Knows All
Fury tries
Steve Tries

fandom: 
None
