Chapter 1: Home
    




Chapter Text
Following Jane to SI had been a mistake. Her only excuse is that she'd gotten attached to the first real friend she's had in years. She's been ready to run after meeting SHIELD in New Mexico, but as days turned to weeks turned to months and all that arrived was a job offer with Stark, she began to relax. She'd even begin to consider unpacking her bag: the duffel bag with the passports, burner phone, nondescript hoodie and jeans, gun, and enough cash to set up somewhere new. She hadn't, though.  Her latest name change will only ensure her safety for a little while. Someday soon, Darcy Lewis will have to disappear.Maybe next time, she'll be French. She's always loved Paris.Still, she hadn't wanted to leave Jane just yet. She'd stayed careful, hiding behind glasses, faking sick when Stark sent the photographers around to avoid a photo on the staff section of the website. All her preparation ruined by a promotional shot from one of Stark’s staff parties. She'd taken it down through what would have appeared to be a juvenile prank hack, but one of her handlers - former handlers - must have seen it, perhaps when gathering intel on Stark.Not that that’s particularly her problem, at the moment. Her problem resides in the three bodies in Jane’s lab. They sucked at being quiet and none of them had data storage units, so she has to assume they came for her. They must have thought she’d gotten soft.She hadn’t.Voices echo from around the corner. If they find her here, they’ll have questions. It’ll draw all the wrong type of attention from the Avengers. There is little chance that the Black Widow living upstairs would recognise her, but Darcy doesn’t want to take that chance.Darcy darts over to the other door, silently slips out. She’s over in the staff kitchenette three floors down when the alarms start blaring.Clutching her coffee and faking a yawn, Darcy pokes her head out. “Did Tony blow something up again?” she asks one of the security guys rushing past.He shakes his head. “No, ma’am, this is something else. Just stay here.”Rolling her eyes, Darcy pulls out her iPod and sticks in her earbuds, though the music is on low. She curls up on a couch and pretends to read one of the trashy magazines that Leanne leaves lying around. When the all clear is given, she rinses her mug and heads home.She has to prepare. She might have stopped one attack but she's certain they will try again.The Asset reviews the file on his target. She is a former Asset herself, who went off the grid several years ago and has surfaced in the company of Tony Stark. She went through the program several years after Romanova and the analysts could find nothing to indicate the two were in communication, but that must reviewed in light of recent findings.Expert infiltrator, highly skilled at hand to hand and hacking, above average on the shooting range. Overall, a standard operative. Three teams sent to recapture or neutralise have disappeared, which is to be expected from an Asset.Security at the Tower has been increased since the first team failed, so he has been ordered to attack her place of residence. She is now considered too dangerous to retrieve.One shot, problem solved."No, I've got a headache," Darcy lies. "Maybe next weekend?""We haven't seen you in ages," Emily complains from the other side of the phone. "Get better soon, ok? Next weekend, I'm holding you to it.""I'll be there," Darcy promises with conviction she doesn't feel, and ends the call.This constant vigilance is wearing on her, and ruining her social life. She's made an effort to make new friends only recently and now all her hard work is coming undone. It's probably for the best: friends are distractions at best, collateral damage at worst. At least Jane's safely ensconced at the Tower.If only she could get one of those apartments in the Tower. Between Stark and Friday, the security there is several lightyears above anywhere else in New York. She wouldn't have to watch her back, sleep with one eye open. Unfortunately, they are reserved for higher priority members of the organisation. Perhaps if she went to the Avengers... no. She's worked too hard to leave her past behind, to build the quiet life she enjoys. Talking to the Avengers, revealing her skill set, will change all of that.Stuffing her phone back in her jeans, Darcy unlocks her door and steps inside. Some flicker, some instinct, has her hitting the floor as a bullet embeds itself in the door where her head was.Belly crawling to the bag in her bedroom, she hears the lounge window shatter and the tread of heavy boots on broken glass. Glock in hand, she waits. As the footsteps near, she rolls into the corridor and fires blindly at where she expects his head to be.She only gets three shots off before the gun is wrenched from her hand. Pulled to her feet, a hand clamps around her throat and squeezes."I won't go back," she gasps, kicking out, and her attacker stumbles back, eyes wide behind his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Songfic
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Red Room (Marvel)
Red Room!Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

