Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Disclaimer: Harry Potter and company are property of J.K. Rowling.Beta:  Many, many thanks to Bookgirl (my treasure!) who is graciously helping to pull this together into something readable!Warnings:  Slash (definite Harry/Draco, hints of Severus/Remus) NC-17 (graphic smut -- eventually) AU (as I'm not JKR) IC or OCC (depends on interpretation, but mostly IC) Cross-Dressing (only one chapter -- and I'll warn you) Minor Character Death (no one close to Harry, otherwise it would depress me) Post-HBP (major spoilers)
 

Chapter One

Harry sat, staring out his window.  It had become his habit over the previous two weeks.  Sleep was elusive and when he did sleep, he was often plagued by nightmares.  His mind simply did not want to shut down.
It was only the middle of June, and he should’ve still been at Hogwarts.  Yet he’d already been at the Dursleys for two weeks, spending his required time for the blood protection.  He’d done nothing but think during that time.  He had far too many questions and too few answers.  He constantly worked through every piece of information that he did have, hoping to make some sense out of everything.  So far, he wasn’t having much luck and it was frustrating beyond belief.
Staring into the dark night, he suddenly froze.  He stared harder at the shadows at the end of the street.  Seconds later, he was sure of what he’d seen.  Someone had just Apparated onto Privet Drive.  Watching closely, he tried to determine if it was friend or foe.  It was difficult to tell because, whoever it was, they were extremely adept at sticking to the shadows.
They may have been good at keeping to the shadows, but Harry quickly realized that they weren’t being overly cautious.  They seemed to be in a great hurry.  Moments later, they were highlighted by the soft lights coming from one of the houses as they crept closer to check the house number.
Harry stiffened in shock, recognizing Death Eater robes.  Judging from what little he’d seen, there was only one person and he’d bet anything they were looking for him.  As they turned away from the light, Harry caught a glimpse of platinum-blonde hair.  There was only one person it could be.
After a split-second of indecision, Harry was out of his bedroom and down the stairs.  He opened the front door quietly and just enough for him to slip through.  
“Potter?”
“Malfoy,” Harry spat.  “What are you doing?”  He was spitting out the words even as his eyes searched for the figure he’d seen from his window.  He quickly spotted Malfoy in the shadows at the edge of the property.
“Potter?  Oh, thank Merlin,” Malfoy murmured.
Harry frowned, not understanding why Malfoy should be thankful to see him.  “How’d you find me?” he demanded.
“Anyone can find you, but that’s not important right now,” Malfoy snapped.  “I need your help.”
“You need my help?” Harry asked incredulously.  “You’re my enemy, Malfoy!”
“I know that,” Malfoy spat.  “But I need you to take her.”
He stepped out of the deeper shadows so that Harry could see him better, and Harry’s eyes widened, not realizing the horror he was projecting.  What Harry could see was a figure in Death Eater robes, holding something small, and moving, wrapped in robes.  It was too eerily similar to what Harry had witnessed in the graveyard.  Suddenly, Malfoy seemed far more dangerous and Harry began backing away.
“Stay away, Malfoy!” Harry shouted as forcefully as he could.
“Keep your voice down,” Malfoy hissed.
Harry swallowed hard.  They may have been in a Muggle neighbourhood, in the middle of the night, but he was beyond caring.  
Malfoy frowned, glancing down at the bundle he was holding before looking back at Harry in confusion.  “What’s your problem now, Potter?”
“What is that?” Harry asked, cursing himself as he heard the fear bleeding into his voice.
“It’s a baby, Potter,” Malfoy retorted.  “You’ve faced the Dark Lord.  I never expected you to be scared of a helpless baby.”
“Prove it,” Harry whispered, staring at the bundle of robes.
Malfoy’s frown deepened, but he obliged by pulling the robes aside to show the baby he was holding.
Harry exhaled heavily, closing his eyes briefly before snapping them open again.  “What are you playing at, Malfoy?  Why do you have a baby?  And why are you here?” he added.
Malfoy seemed to snap back into reality himself and glanced around fearfully.  “I don’t have time to explain everything,” he said hurriedly.  “I need you to take her and keep her safe.  They’ve probably already killed the rest of her family.  I managed to get her out of there, but they’ll notice if I don’t get back soon.”
Harry finally registered the fact that Malfoy was more jittery than he’d ever seen him.  The calm, collected Slytherin Harry knew appeared to be falling apart before his eyes.
“Come, take her, Potter,” Malfoy said, his tone sounding anxious rather than demanding.  “I can’t pass the wards.”
“What’s wrong with her?” Harry asked warily.
Malfoy looked down at the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Drama
Romance
Explicit Language
Sexual Content
Spoilers

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

