Chapter 1: Nobody by Day
    




Chapter Text
“Parker!”
Peter grimaced at Flash Thompson’s voice and let himself be shoved into his locker.
“Cast’s off and you just got lucky that one time,” Flash hissed in his ear.
‘Well, there goes about thirty percent of the guilt,’ Peter thought to himself.  Flash had suffered a compound fracture when Peter, new to his powers, had used too much force to twist the bigger boy’s arm behind his back.  The injury had benched Flash for all but the first two games of the previous year’s football season.  Peter counted himself lucky that it happened in their freshman year.  In their junior or senior year it could have messed up Flash’s chances of getting a football scholarship and Peter didn’t think he could forgive himself if his mistake had seriously impacted the other boy’s life.
Still after the summer they’d had with the Avengers’ Civil War, Tony Stark’s death and Captain America’s trial Peter hadn’t expected Flash to still be hung up on his arm being broken nearly a year ago.
Flash dragged Peter away from the locker and sent him sprawling on the floor to their classmates’ amusement.
“Didn’t you get this out of your system last spring?” Peter snapped.  “Yes, you can beat me up.  Last year was a freak accident.  You just fell over your own feet in your hurry to punch me, I admit it.  Are you happy?  Can I get to class now?”
“I’m not quite done yet,” Flash replied cracking his knuckles.  But before he could act on his threat another boy with curly, close-cropped hair pushed through the growing crowd and planted himself between Flash and Peter.  “I wouldn’t,” he warned as Flash reached for him.  “Lay one hand on me and I sic my dad on you.”
Flash hesitated, “Count yourself lucky Parker, for having Osborn to hide behind.”  Within a few seconds the crowd had dispersed.   
“Thanks Harry,” Peter said accepting the hand up his friend offered.  “But wouldn’t your dad just get mad at you for keeping the ‘corporate spy’ from getting what’s coming to him?”
Harry waved off Peter’s concern.  “Dad’s totally over your internship,” he said.  “He was mostly ticked that SI poached you out from under him, he was going to offer you an OsCorp internship in your junior or senior year.  You know, ninety-eight percent of students, college students, who intern with Stark Industries’ R&D department take permanent positions with the company as soon as they graduate.  And the only other younger student anyone has heard of SI taking an interest in is Harley Keener and he’s basically the heir apparent.”
“Your dad was nuts that night,” Peter said.  
“You didn’t have to worry, I know my dad,” Harry insisted.  “Now that he’s cooled off- and I need tutoring in math again- he’s fine with you coming over again.”
“He’s not going to accuse me of using you to spy on his company again?” Peter asked warily.
“Totally over it,” Harry promised cheerfully.  “Now Dad wants me to use our friendship to get you to give up SI’s secrets.”
“Has anyone ever told you that how your dad thinks is scary?” Peter asked.
“Most people assume it goes without saying,” Harry replied.  “So, do you have time for a study session before Mr. Shaurer’s ‘This is how much you’ve forgotten over summer’ quiz on Friday?  Or are they keeping you too busy at SI?”
Peter consider his schedule, “I’ve got a meeting right after school,” he said letting Harry assume it was with SI, “but if you don’t have plans for dinner we could study while we eat.”
“Great!”  Harry exclaimed.  “You call your aunt, I’ll tell the cook to expect a guest for dinner.”

The rest of school day passed quietly.  Peter spent health, personal finance and American Lit going over his research notes from SI.  As soon as the last bell rang Peter was off like a shot.  Three blocks from school he ducked into a coffee shop that was busy enough to make him unnotable and with a restroom that had a healthy sized window opening onto a back alley.  A short while later Spider-Man unlocked the restroom door and crawled out the window trusting the crowd inside to cover Peter Parker’s disappearance.  
Ten minutes later Spider-Man flipped off a street lamp to land on the steps of the police station.  While his entrance garnered a few hostile looks there were also waves.  “So you’re going to be cleared for duty this weekend,” the desk sergeant said as he buzzed Spider-Man in.  “Excited?”
“A little nervous,” Spider-Man admitted.  “I still have to finish  certifying.  Then there’s the formalities and talking to the victims.    It’ll be different, can’t just let my mouth run.  Some of the people I’d rescue were more scared of me than the mugger thanks to the Bugle.  Now I have to stay until a uniformed officer is on the scene and try to talk them into pressing charges.  I’ll probably be too busy talking them out of macing me.  And Captain Stacy says no using webbing to gag people I catch, it could restrict breathing and I can’t hang them from streetlamps because it bends the lamps, even if it is funny, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pro-Accords
Pregnancy
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
