Chapter 1: Jewel
    




Chapter Text
Hulk does not like "camping." That's what Jewel calls it. Jewel doesn't seem to like it, either. It's cold, and wet, and they're far from the shiny buildings and Hulk's other friends. It's just Jewel and Hulk sitting next to a small fire, in the middle of a bunch of wet trees. "The team will be here shortly," Jewel says, and that's the only reason Hulk's sitting still. Because if the Hulk jumps and Jewel flies away, then their friends won't be able to find them. Most of the Bad Things have been smashed (in that grey house, which is far away because Hulk grabbed Jewel and jumped), but Hulk's still angry, and scared, and doesn't want to go away and be puny Banner again because puny Banner is TERRIBLE at smashing Bad Things and they're still out there.  Also, Jewel's hurt. It's hard to tell, because he's always red (and that's kind of confusing, maybe Hulk should call him Red instead of Jewel...but then what would he call girl-Red?), but the liquid red that's supposed to be inside is trickling outside, from a cut on his side. It makes Hulk nervous. Jewel can't smash very well if he's hurt like that, so Hulk has to stay out and protect him. (Hulk also wants to fix Jewel's hurt, but he can't. He's only good for smashing things, not fixing them. That's what puny Banner does. A not-so-small part of Hulk hates puny Banner for being able to do that, and hates himself for not being able to make his friend better. But a bigger part is grateful to puny Banner. If Jewel gets bad, Hulk will bring puny Banner out. He'll fix it.)"Want Lullaby," Hulk grumbles. He wants Lullaby, and Red and Spidey and Shield and Hammer and Birdie and Tin Man and Metal Arm. But mostly Lullaby. Jewel looks up from the fire, startled. Then he gives a soft smile. "I know. I want Wan...er, Red."Hulk doesn't know why they always use his names for them. He knows their real names, of course. They're always shouting it at each other when they're smashing Bad Things. It's just that Hulk's names for them are easier to say. It makes Hulk feel...special, when they use his names for them rather than their own when talking to him. It's a weird feeling. He's not sure he likes it. He's too used to anger and fear and hurt. "Red is angry," Hulk says. "What makes you say that?" Jewel asks. "Jewel hurt. Makes Red angry." "...ah." Jewel looks down at his hurt and nods. "Yes, she'll be rather annoyed. But at least Lullaby won't be mad at you." "Good," Hulk grumbles. "Lullaby scary." --"You got lucky," Bruce said, wrapping up Vision's wound with fresh bandages. "That almost got your liver." Vision said nothing as Bruce finished his ministrations. They were on the helicarrier, and because Bruce had a deep-seated mistrust for anyone in a white lab coat familiar with medical supplies (re: scientists, doctors, people who wanted to dissect the Hulk, etc.) and because Vision's wound was something manageable, Bruce was the one tending to him. "Done," Bruce announced, stepping back. "Do I even have to tell you to be a good patient?" "Since I was the one reminding Mr. Stark to behave--not that he ever listened--when I was JARVIS, I think not," Vision said. "Good. Take your pain meds, drink fluids, take it easy, et cetera," Bruce said. "And I called Wanda. She'll be waiting for you at the tower."Vision visibly bit back a groan. "On second thought, I may have to take a page from Mr. Stark's book and escape the hospital early. For I am a dead man walking." "You'll be fine," Bruce encouraged. "Just make it through the lecture and the cold shoulder, and then you'll be fattening up on Wanda's home-cooking." Vision paused, giving that thought. "That...is a very good point." Bruce gave a tight smile. Now that his job was done, there was nothing to take his mind off of the fact that he was in a medical wing, surrounded by unfamiliar lab equipment, thousands of feet in the air. Oh, he knew that SHIELD wouldn't try anything on him (at least, not while he had the support of the Avengers and a favorable public opinion). And he had Vision, and Natasha was on the carrier...somewhere. He wasn't sure. He thought he heard something about her in the gym. He would give his left limb to be with her right now, rather than here. But he couldn't leave Vision alone. Not here. "Bruce," Vision said gently, as if reading his mind (maybe he could?). "I have no fear of hospitals, and the doctors will be letting me go soon. Go to Natasha." Bruce squirmed slightly, hope warring with guilt. "I could stay." "I'm more than fine. I'm sure she's as worried about you as Wanda is about me." *Since I don't have a hole in my chest, I highly doubt that,* Bruce thought, but didn't say. He gave Vision a grateful smile and left.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Wanda Maximoff
Bruce Banner & Hulk

freeform: 
Hurt Bruce
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Hurt Clint
BAMF Hulk
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Bruce Feels
Bruce Has Issues
Hulk Has Issues
Insecurity
Protective Hulk
Hulk Feels
Hulk Smash
Adorable Hulk
Fluff
Crack
Sass
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
(aka "inside hurts")
it'll make sense I promise

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Wanda Maximoff
Bruce Banner & Hulk

