Work Text:
Rhodey had teased him when it first happened, told him “there are no accidents” in the face of Tony’s freak-out. He’d also been the first one to advise him not to try and reverse it - everyone else had soon followed suit, but Rhodey had taken his shoulder in the beginning and made him sit down. “You’re a good person Tony,” he’d said, and those words still comforted Tony to think of, “and you’re a genius with a lot to give. You’ll be fine, because deep down you know you want this. I don’t think it would have given it to you if you didn’t.”The ‘it’ he’d been referencing had been an alien device that no one had known what it was capable of doing to a mortal.No one had known that being a mortal who was smart enough to solve it meant that he’d passed some kind of test he hadn’t known he was taking and had been granted Aesir-like immortality for doing it.Thor had been ecstatic and had hugged him, wanting to bring him to Asgard for a further celebration. Steve however, had quietly taken him aside and spoken to him about all the things no one had told him when he’d walked out alive but with a longer life than he’d anticipated.Watching everyone grow old and pass away had been hard, a lot harder than Tony had imagined it would be. Even Steve started going grey after a century. He retired from hero work with Bucky and they got a farm; ‘took a page out of Barton’s book’ and lived quietly until their clocks ran out.Thor had moved back to Asgard once everyone but Steve had passed on. He had visited Steve and Bucky and come down to help Tony when he could, but he had more duties now that Odin was getting even older.  He kept asking Tony to come up and join him on the golden realm, but Tony had been resistant. His Tower and Stark Manor might have been filled with baby heroes and he might have felt like an old man in a world far too... different to what he wanted. But he didn’t think Asgard would give him what he was missing.He still gave in after a decade without Steve and Bucky to visit and chat with; all Earth seemed to have left for him now were gravestones, and he knew his friends wouldn’t want him spending his time counting the days between one cemetery visit and the next.So Tony had packed up, taken the most important things and left the rest for Earth’s Defenders and organisations to gobble up as they looked after Tony’s home planet without him.Thor had been his usual boisterous self, hardly changing after nearly two hundred years and that was so comforting to Tony that he hardly knew what to do with it. He’d automatically been given rooms in the palace that were far larger than the single floor that Thor had been given on his visits to Tony's home.He’d also had a gloriously intimidating meeting with the Allfather and had been introduced to Sif, Fandral, Hogan and Volstagg. Tony had winced a lot at the clash of personalities there, but he’d figured they’d just take some getting used to.Six months in and he’d moved out of the palace and was still learning how to stomach Thor’s brainless jocks for extended periods. He’d taken to exploring Asgard instead, learning what he could and burying himself in the library. His little house in the ‘upper class’ section of the main city made him feel like he was living in a mash up between Ancient Rome and Medieval England. The science was worth it though. Some of it was things that Tony had been creating the basis of on Earth, but now, with unlimited time and source materials, he was looking at all the different directions he and it could go.It wasn’t enough, but it was okay.Asgard wasn’t Earth but Earth had stopped feeling like ‘home’ for a long time now too. He was just untethered, flapping in the wind and trying to find a new place to plant his feet and put down roots, but he still didn’t know where to make it.Tony had decided he’d give Asgard a few years, making it a homebase as he travelled the other realms. He’d made an international translator a few years ago for Earth, so now he was working on a universal one with the help of some books from the royal library. The more he was looking up Allspeak, however, the more he was reaching the conclusion he’d probably need a Mage’s touch.He’d been chatting to a few different people, asking questions and being mildly appalled at how single minded the Mage’s were. Thinking outside the box seemed to be a foreign concept to the Aesir and it made him even more interested in going to Alfheim, which by all accounts, were more fond of magical practices and, therefore, more likely to understand what he was trying to do.Because ‘I’m making a translator’ only seemed to get him ‘why don’t we try to get you Allspeak?’ and when he explained he didn’t want Allspeak, they only frowned at him like he was unfathomable.Tony had been heading back to his apartment after another failed mission when he’d heard some derogatory whispers. He wouldn’t have paid much attention if a specific name hadn’t cropped up; Loki.He’d spun around, finding the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 10.000-30.000
Immortality
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Loki Feels
Friendship
Asgard
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Magic
Developing Friendships
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Developing Relationship
Fluff
friendship feels
Falling In Love
Infatuation
Attraction
Getting Together

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

