Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Well, this is delightful," Tony Stark says as he enters the room. His footsteps echo resonantly around the control room of the abandoned Triskelion project — Fury's failed prototype helicarrier — making it sound emptier than it actually is. Although there are some partial structures around the building, it looks like as soon as funding got cut for the building they just left everything and vacated the base. It's a total waste in Steve's opinion. "I absolutely love what you've done with the place."
Steve does his best not to visibly bristle. The fact that it takes more effort than it does to subdue an entire HYDRA unit does not escape his notice.
"You're late," Steve says, without even turning around.
"Hello to you, too," Tony says, wandering into Steve's eye line and not even bothering to pretend to look offended. Either very little affects him, or he's as much of a mental duck as Steve, valiantly paddling while trying his best to look unruffled on the surface and basically just stay afloat. The internet said something about Tony's penchant for making duck faces at the camera, so maybe Steve should be generous and plump for the latter option. 
"Besides," Tony adds, poking at one of the wall panels and sneering in open disgust. "A Stark is never late, nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to."
Great, Steve thinks. That's definitely Tony Stark's quoting voice. He'd like to think Tony's not meaning to deliberately wind him up, that Tony just leaks cultural references wherever he goes, but that's just Steve's overly optimistic side speaking.
He knows Captain America can get on with Iron Man. He knows in a stressful, world-threatening situation that they can reach an agreement and work together.
This isn't a world-threatening situation, and Steve does not know if Steve Rogers and Tony Stark will get on when there's nothing of real substance on the line. Steve's trying not to be colored by his past history with Tony's father, but it's difficult, seeing how much of Howard Stark lies on his son's face. And in his sarcasm.
"I'll tell you the first thing we need to change," Tony says. "The location. I think my eyebrows froze. The press will think I had botox."
Steve squints. He's been trying his best not to think about the icy location of the Triskelion, because he's been trying not to think about how the whole heavy base might sink through the ice, and why did SHIELD build this thing in Alaska. It's not conducive to any sort of good thoughts, Steve thinks. "I'm squinting because I don't know what botox is," Steve explains. "I agree with the location change."
"I do like it when people agree with me," Tony says. "And botox is a weird, face injection thing done by vain people who aren't as naturally young and virile as me."
Steve forces himself to deconstruct his squint. It's much easier to ignore Tony and not argue with him. "Our reconnoitre shouldn't take more than two hours," Steve says, because he feels a little out of his depth, and it's the best attempt at small talk he can muster.
"I'm officially on SHIELD time," Tony says, tapping his empty wrist where a watch might be, and walking past Steve to glance at what might have been windows, once upon a time. Tony hugs his suit jacket closed as he moves, because the Triskelion is protected from the ice but it's still cold; it had been abandoned way before the heating system was installed. Steve's jacket is thinner than Tony's, but it's not for financial reasons — SHIELD's outfitted him with a ridiculous amount of clothes considering Steve used to make do with a wardrobe of about eight things, total — he doesn't really feel the cold much since the serum. "I'm yours until five o' clock," Tony continues. "Well. Four. I factor in my travel time. So do with me what ye will, mon Capitane."
Steve wrinkles his nose, but only because Tony's not looking in his direction. 
"I don't know how much information Fury gave you," he says, straightening up and following Tony along the metal walkway that splits the Triskelion's control room in two. "I'm pretty sure I can handle scoping out if the layout's good enough for our strategic and logical needs, but science, technology... Things are an awful lot smaller than they used to be on that front than my time." Steve looks up at the sweeping ceiling of the Triskelion, and the metal-latticed roof. "And some things are bigger."
Tony shoots him a blank look over the edge of his sunglasses that curls into an almost amused expression. "That's what she said, Cap," he says, a little too cheerfully, and damn if Steve hasn't walked himself into innuendo. 
The Howling Commandos were fond of doing that sort of thing to him, too. Steve ought to have gotten used to it. Or at least he should have some stock phrases, something to give the illusion that he can defend himself against verbal silliness that doesn't sound uptight and preachy.
Silence is usually his default recourse. "That's what who said?" he blurts,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Reality
Alternate Universe - Evil
Minor Character Death
Mirror Universe
Sleepy Cuddles
First Kiss
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Tragicomedy
Bad Jokes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

