Work Text:
The art that inspired this fic, by TARDIScrash.
           And the fic itself: Tony had always expected the end of the world to come complete with a little more warning.  And even though he had expected this—had expected it for a long time, honestly, why did people think Ultron had always scared him so badly?—he hadn’t expected it just then.  He always thought they’d have more time.  They’d all have more time. He could see that for what it had been now, of course, the grossest hubris.  But back then it had just felt like a normal sort of expectation.  That life would continue on. The sky changed first, bright lights sparking far off in the distance.  And then fire, from the sky.  Destruction and the world beginning to change around them as it was bombarded into rubble (he learned later, of course, that that was just the first step of the process—the upgrade).  The Avengers had responded admirably, impressively quickly, as fast a reaction time as he could have ever hoped for— He’d lost the transmission to Natasha and turned to Steve to report that they’d lost communications with the West Coast when the pain hit him. It was as if every neuron in his body had activated at once, kicking into overdrive.  It was pure overload, white noise, and that was even before the screaming static that was his mind turned on him, cut into him, like his body was trying to slice itself apart.  If he screamed, if he fell, Tony had no idea.  Suddenly he was just a mind, and the outside presence trying to break into it, that was tearing him apart cell by cell and synapse by synapse. Ultron, Tony thought, and that thought was absolute terror.  He’s here. The realizations came quick on the heels of each other.  He’s more advanced than I am.
 

He’s trying to rewrite me.  Make me his.
 If something very similar hadn’t happened once before, Tony doubted he would have been able to respond at all.  As it was, everything seemed to take hours, time screeching past him as he moved incredibly slowly or time itself slowing to meet him, he wasn’t sure.  There was just the tearing, incredible agony as his mind was pulled apart and his own frantic struggle to enact firewalls, to shut himself down, to close the system.  To take himself offline in a very real sense.  Behind his eyes there was white light and lines of code overlaying it in blue-white fire—his own mind was a conflagration and he was lost in it.  But he wasn’t giving in that easily.  He wasn’t going to end up a puppet of a hard-drive with delusions of grandeur and daddy issues.  It was like he was ripping out wires, except the wires were the connections in his head, sparks and then blackness, and all the time the agony rippling through him, growing in intensity with each hard yank.  Until he reached the end, and that should be the last, the last of them, the last of it, and he cut it off, struggling against the pain howling through him, forcing himself to sever it cleanly despite the wrench of it, the emptiness it left in him where there had been a connection, his own mind aching like a phantom limb. And then there was silence, and his mind felt blank, echoing.  He hurt all through himself, but the searing agony was gone, and there was quiet.  He was alone in his head. He wasn’t meant to do this, his body wasn’t quite meant for it, not any longer, so he wasn’t surprised to open his eyes to find himself shaking and sweaty and his mouth tasting of blood and vomit.  He was surprised not to find himself lying in it until he realized that he was no longer in the suit—it was lying scattered around them.  He could feel air against the cold sweat drying stiff in his hair, on the back of his neck.  Slim, strong arms around his waist, holding him up, a tall curving body pressed close against his and a hand on his back, and the scent of familiar shampoo in his nose, perfume, and sweat—a different hand on his face, gloved, leather covering warm strength. “Tony, Tony, are you all right?” Jan was saying in his ear, and the arms tightened around him, slim but larger than normal for her petite frame; she must have grown slightly to catch him.  She pulled him tighter into her; he could feel the line of her body against his side, and she felt warm and smelled like flowers, and he was pretty sure his mind was skipping tracks, there were more important things to focus on, but he didn’t seem to be able to get back to them—Jan was shaking him a very little, still stroking his back, and her fingers came up to move through his hair, tugging it lightly off his forehead.  “Tony, are you there?  Can you hear me?  Come on, handsome, don’t be dead, just don’t be dead.”  Her voice seemed to go in and out, the sound battering against his ears. “He’s breathing.” Steve’s voice.  The hand on his jaw tilted his head back. “Tony.  Can you hear me?  Open your eyes.” “Those were pretty violent convulsions.”  A different voice, further away.  “And we don’t have a lot of time right now.” Time.  Right.  Tony drag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age of Ultron
Character Death
Major character death - Freeform
Time Travel
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Heavy Angst
Comfort Sex
Comfort/Angst
Grief/Mourning
Mentions of Character Death
POV Steve
Steve Angst
Tony Angst
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve
Graphic Description
POV Tony Stark
Sharing a Bed
Age of Ultron AU
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

