Work Text:
Harry stood by the wall in the room that was full of scientists and even a couple of doctors. The center of the room held a table, one which held a fragile burden at the moment. However, if the stories he had heard from Tony during the day were to be believed, Captain America was in no way fragile. Though, Harry was certain, from the way that Tony animatedly spoke of the famous Captain America, that Tony was, he had heard, a “fanboy” of Steve Rogers and yet, Harry had seen some bitterness when Tony had talked about the Captain. It had been a full two weeks since the events that had taken place in New Mexico.Harry had been called in from sparring practice with Clint Barton to the room that SHIELD was keeping Rogers in. He had been sparring with Natasha, as he had taken to sparring with her during his time with Tony before he had gone to New Mexico, but Natasha had gone on another mission. Apparently, the doctors and scientists that had been monitoring him were certain that he would wake up in the next few hours and needed his opinion on something.So far, no one had paid any attention to Harry, though he didn't blame them. The captain was starting to move about on the table and he had yet to open his eyes. As Harry still had his sparring clothes on, which were a pair of loose track pants and light, flexible shield top, he felt vaguely underdressed in this room. He had just enough time to grab a towel and water bottle before following Coulson to the super secret room, which that was how Tony had put it when Harry had told him.He padded over to the table and some of the scientists clearly had heard of what he was capable of when they inched away from him. The ice was all but melted off of the captain's body, but he was still clearly cold. The man was shivering and his eyes were flickering, as if he wanted to open them but was too tired to. Most of the scientists had stepped back by now, allowing the doctor to take over, now that the captain was all thawed out. Harry glanced around the room, looking for an unimportant object that he could transfigure into a blanket. His eyes alighted on a tray of plastic cups with a pitcher of water near the table. When he summoned the cup to him, everyone else in the room looked startled and awed, except the doctor. Knowing someone could do something was one thing and seeing it was wholly another thing.Taking a few steps back, Harry quickly transfigured the cup into a warm quilt and folded it and kept it in his arms for now. The doctor was busy taking Roger's vitals, so Harry walked up to the captain to see how he looked. The SHIELD doctor assigned to this case glanced up and nodded at him in acknowledgement then went back to work. He seemed like he had seen weirder stuff than what Harry had just done.“Steve?” Harry questioned softly, not wanting to spook the man. From what Tony had told him, the soldier had had a rough ending. Harry knew enough not to cast a warming spell on him: he didn't want to startle Rogers. As he was still shivering, though he wasn't hypothermic by any means, Harry did just cast a light drying off spell which would dry Rogers up. He watched as most the moisture from the ice disappeared from the man and then wrapped the thick quilt around him.Harry then returned his gaze to Steve's face. The soldier looked exhausted and pale, which Harry figured was to be expected as Steve had been on ice for 70 years. Though with the addition of the blanket, his shivering had tapered off. He probably hadn't really slept and had been in a coma while the serum kept him alive. The man blinked at him then abruptly fell back asleep.   The next time Harry saw Steve Rogers was a couple days later, while Harry was walking through the hallways of SHIELD to get the debriefing room. Fury and Coulson had yet to finish debriefing him about everything that had happened in the last few weeks. SHIELD even knew about Harry rescuing Bruce; Harry supposed that they had agents everywhere.As he was walking past the section of this facility that had temporary living quarters, he heard his name called.“Agent Potter?”Harry turned around to locate who had called his name and came face to face with Steve Rogers. The man looked a lot better than he had when Harry had first seen him. He was wearing loose fitting clothes, which meant that he was going down to work out. Harry hadn't seen him since he had been thawed out and he had heard that the doctor and scientists had been running tests on him. To which purpose Harry didn't know, but then, he was sure he wouldn't understand all of the scientific slang that they used.“Hello, Captain. It's nice to see you, all alive looking and it's just Harry. At least, that's what my friends call me. Agent Potter sounds so serious,” Harry commented, grinning, while still looking him over for anything out of the ordinary. He did see some grief in Steve's eyes and that, he guessed was to be expected too. If Harry had been in ice for 70 years, he would have
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Friendship
Crossover
Master of Death Harry
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
None
