Work Text:
No one had ever told him that insomnia was one of the side effects of dying, Steve thought irritably as he climbed out of bed. It wasn't yet three a.m., but he already knew he was done trying to sleep for the night. Tonight, like last night, and the night before, was a lost cause.It was raining, a steady downpour he could hear hitting the windows facing west. He didn't bother turning any lights on as he made his way through the apartment. He knew this place well, even in the dark. There were times when he even pretended that he might be able to stay here for good, that Sharon would return from her leave of absence, and they would be able to pick up where they had left off.But those were dreams, and he had no business indulging in them. The fact that they occurred to him during the waking hours and not in his sleep made them no less ephemeral, no less unattainable. Sharon had left because she needed to work through some things, because she still looked at him and saw the man she had been forced to kill, because SHIELD wanted to make sure her head was screwed on straight before they permitted her to return to active duty, and she couldn't do that while she was living with Steve. So she had left, while graciously allowing him to stay. And because he had nowhere else to go, Steve rattled around this empty apartment by himself, and suffered night after night of sleeplessness.He walked into the kitchen and poured himself a glass of water. He stood at the sink and drank it all, focusing on the coolness of the water and the swallowing motion of his throat. It helped sometimes to root himself in the present with physical sensations. Especially on nights like this, when being alive still seemed a little too surreal.The rain was tapering off. He rinsed his glass and put it in the dishwasher, then left the kitchen. The drink had helped, but it still felt like his body was a poor fit. He needed fresh air.He slipped on some shoes, grabbed his keys, then as an afterthought, put on his jacket.Since his return he had often come out onto the roof. There was something oddly soothing about standing out here, surrounded by the noise and bustle of the city and yet isolated from it at the same time.Tonight, he wasn't alone out here.His very first thought was one of annoyance, at having what he had almost come to think of as his private getaway intruded upon by a stranger. But in the next instant, irritation gave way to worry, because something was not right here.The man was huddled at the base of the steps, his knees drawn up to his chest. He was wearing a suit that might have started out as any color, but now, soaking wet, it looked black. He did not look up as Steve cautiously approached, but continued to simply sit there, his arms wrapped about his body and his head tilted so one cheek rested on the concrete of the stairs.Steve took another step forward, and then he froze. There was something horribly familiar about the man sitting there…"Tony?"The man did not look up, but that did not matter. Steve had positively identified him now. All caution lost, he hurried forward. "Tony?" He was more confused than worried. "What are you doing here?"Tony did not react at all. Nor did he look up or respond in any way. It was as though he hadn't even heard Steve.A quick look around ascertained that there was no one else on the roof. He had no idea how Tony had gotten up here, and there was no sign of the armor. Anyone could be watching, but right now his first priority was getting Tony to safety.He hunkered down next to the stairs, one hand resting on the wet concrete. "Tony? Are you all right?"Tony still did not reply, but Steve was close enough now that he could see the answer to his question. Tony was very obviously not okay. He was deathly pale and shivering. Water dripped from his hair and was puddled on the ground around him.It was the look in his eyes that frightened Steve the most, though. Tony hadn't responded because he clearly wasn't seeing him or the rooftop right now. His gaze was turned inward, his eyes glazed with a terrible desolation that was somehow worse than anything else, because there were a hundred things that Steve could think of that might do this to Tony, and not a damn one of those things was welcome right now. He raised a hand and waved it in front of Tony's eyes. "Tony? You okay?"Tony startled – and then he flinched. Dull terror spread across his face, and he drew back, almost like he expected to be struck.Steve felt oddly guilty to see that. "Easy there, Avenger." His first instinct was to lay a reassuring hand on Tony's shoulder, but he had the distinct impression that this would be a very bad idea, so he lowered his hand back to his side. "Everything's going to be all right."Slowly Tony raised his eyes and looked at him. For an awful moment Steve thought he was going to cry, so intense was the grief on his face. "Steve?" His voice was hoarse, as though he had recently been shouting – or worse."It's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Closure
Secret Invasion
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

