Chapter 1: Project Redemption and 47
    




Chapter Text
Tony knew something was different about Loki when they put him in chains and a gag. He voiced his opinion to Thor, but the god heard none of it. So Tony did what Tony did best:Science.Illegally, pulling the feed from SHEILD, Tony got to see every recorded encounter that the god had on Earth, from his grand entrance to when Thor blasted a Nordic design on the rooftop. Tony discovered that no humans were harmed in the Battle of New York. He asked Jarvis to tell him again.“There were no casualties while fighting the Chitauri, sir.” Tony took a step back from his obsession while he processed the information.“Give me a before, during and after scan of Loki, and if his magic can be scanned do that, too.” Tony walked over to where Dummy was coming to him with a smoothie. He took the drink, smelled it to be sure his child would not be poisoning him.“Good boy,” He said, petting the bots arm. Dummy twirled his hand around at the praise, then wheeled himself back to the smoothie machine to likely make more.“Scan complete,” Jarvis told him. Tony walked to one of his benches, and picked up his StarkPad.“Show it to me, Jar.” Jarvis, without a witty remark, showed the scans of Loki’s body when he arrived.“There are large lacerations on his spinal cord, chest and legs. Multiple fractured ribs, a sprained shoulder blade, mild internal bleeding and a bruised heart.” Jarvis diagnosed. “There are also signs of sleep torture, and extreme heat exposure.”“And this is when he arrived?” Tony asked, leaning forward so he could see the vitals of the god when he came to Earth.“Correct. When he was in SHEILD custody, it seems that he had healed himself of all wounds other than the heat exposure.”“And when he was in STARK Tower?”“The wounds were in the process of being healed,” Jarvis told him. Tony hummed.“Okay,” Tony said. “Take all the current information that I have looked at and the information I have yet to and file it away in my personal, black-protocol server, named Redemption.” He told Jarvis. He picked up his smoothie, beginning to walk out of his lab. “And double encrypt it. I don’t want SHEILD getting their hands on this.”“Should I continue to hack into them, sir?” Tony looked up at the ceiling with a smirk. “Alright sir.” Jarvis told him. Tony patted the wall twice as he walked out from his lab.  He took the third door on the left, leading him to where Bruce was hiding in his own lab.“Science bro!” Tony said, running up to the curly haired man and giving him a hug worthy of Thor.“you know,” Bruce said when Tony skipped to the other side of the table, whispering about science. “The file on you says nothing about your behavior.”“Bruce, I’m hurt.” Tony said, putting a hand to his chest in mock pain, “I am your own, personal psych case study.”“Not that kind of doctor.” Bruce muttered. Tony brought the straw to his lip, muttering even lower than his science friend,“Neither am I.” Tony drained the last of the smoothie, tossed it in the bin and walked up to his science bro.“So,” He said, flopping down on the spinning chair, “I got something to show you.”“Why do I feel the need to be concerned about what you are going to show me?” Bruce asked, eyebrow raised. Tony waved his hand.“Nothing dangerous. I promise.” Bruce rolled his eyes, but smirked. “So, ever since I’ve been rebuilding the Avengers tower, I’ve been working on projects for the whole team.” He tapped on the table. “And I just finished up yours.” He stood, smiling at his friend. “I want to show you.” He grabbed Bruce’s arm and pulled him to the west wall.“This is a wall, Tony,” Bruce said.“No faith in me,” Tony whined. He put his hand to the wall, then took Bruce’s and did the same. “Jarvis, activate Project 47.”“Project 47 in motion, sir.” Jarvis spoke. Bruce watched as the wall illuminated in Stark Blue on the two of their hands. The wall shook a bit, then retracted into the ground revealing a massive, light blue room.“You built me a secret door?” Bruce asked curiously. Tony skipped into the room, not answering his question until Bruce stepped into the room.“This is a secret elevator.” Tony said. Bruce watched as the door lifted and the room began to move upward. “I’ve been thinking of this sort of thing for some time,” Tony said, tapping on his phone. “But I had no real reason for it until Agent showed up.”The elevator stopped and the wall dropped down again. Bruce was speechless when he saw what was behind the door.The room was massive. The walls were painted in a calming light blue color, different from the one the elevator was painted in. There was a huge bed that was about six feet off the ground, pillows that were about five feet wide and long, a massive blanket thrown on the bed. The floors were carpeted with the same mats that were in the gym.“The walls can show you anything you want if you ask,” Tony said from his left. Bruce, stunned at what he was seeing turned to find that Tony was in large, hulk size
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Past Rape/Non-con
Fix-It
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Fluff
Avengers Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki's Kids
Hurt/Comfort
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Mpreg
Odin's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Past Child Abuse
BAMF Frigga
BAMF Phil Coulson
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Thor
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki Has Issues
Anal Sex
Smut
Eventual Smut
Happy Ending
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Crack
Fluff and Humor
Crack
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

