Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Many people would look around the conference table assume that Iron Man or Captain America were the most powerful ones in the room. They might think that Black Widow was the most intimidating, or that Scarlet Witch and her mental manipulation was the most persuasive. They would look around the room of heroes gathered almost like a business meeting and assume they knew and calculated all the threats. They would be wrong. A thin smirk sat on Pepper Pott’s lips as her hands rested on their familiar positions on the tablet in her hands.Pepper knew that she was lacking muscles, lacking training, lacking powers since that horrendous event several months ago when she’d nearly died. That didn’t mean that she had any less skill than any other member of the Avengers team. She ran Stark Inc. even when it seemed as though Tony were attempting to run it into the ground. She maintained contact with S.H.I.E.L.D about the Avenger’s protocol behind her boyfriend’s back until it couldn’t be hidden any longer. She stayed with him, with Tony Stark—with Iron Man—through the panic of the Avenger’s, the terror and confusion of the Mandarin, and through the destruction of Ultron and everything that followed. That had almost changed. She had been close, so close to asking for a break. Not necessarily a separation, just a break. She’d almost sent him to do that college presentation by himself but in the end… she hadn’t. She couldn’t say why exactly,he just knew that for all that he put her through, the thought of losing him hurt more than any of the nightmares that kept her up at night. She was strong, and she would not be pushed away.She was not one to ever be underestimated. Especially in this particular setting. Anyone who dared to oppose the Avengers in this room was entering her world, and she would show them who held the true power of the board meeting. The secretary of state didn’t have a chance. Thaddeus Ross had barely opened his mouth before Pepper stood fluidly to her feet. Her imposing heals clacked distinctly and confidently against the tiled floor as she took the bulging folder from the man’s hands. “Sokovia Accords, right? I’m afraid we’ll have to decline.” The man immediately pasted on a smarmy, politician smile. “Now, Miss Potts I don’t think you understand-”“I got an email about it earlier today, I understand completely.”“Um,” Steve interrupted, his demeanor serious. “I don’t.”“Yeah,” Sam said with a nod, “Care to share with the rest of the class?”“Mr. Ross is about to propose a document signed by the UN which would give them the power to choose when, where, and if the Avengers will act. Because the Avengers have had no true regulating force since the collapse of S.H.I.E.L.D., the UN believes that they are more careless. They fear that the Avenger’s anonymity has played a part in the wreckage they-we-leave behind. I’m sure he also has a video or two to attempt to guilt your agreement.”“It isn’t ‘guilting them’ when the casualties and damages really happened.” The Secretary of State argued, his false smile long gone. “It’s just pointing out the facts.”The red haired CEO simply waved a hand dismissively. “Regardless, we’re going to decline.”Tony straightened in his seat, bags under his eyes heavy as his mind replayed his conversation with a distraught mother as he waited for the elevator. “Pep, can we at least think about this a little more? I mean, having some control wouldn’t be-”“Tony,” She interrupted, briskly but not unkindly, “I’ve worked at the head of a committee since you hired me and refused to set foot in the conference room. Trust me when I say I don’t want one in charge of protecting the world.”The man frowned and picked up his drink but sat back in his chair without another word. This was Pepper after all, he trusted her far more than he trusted himself. Rhodey however, was much less confident.“Wait, how many nations signed this thing in the first place?”“117." Ross answered immediately, and War Machine’s eyes widened.“We can’t act like this isn’t important. Not when 117 nations think that it’s a good idea.”“I agree.” Pepper responded, shocking the room. “Obviously the Avengers can’t have completely free reign anymore, we need a system of accountability. But!” She includes sharply as Steve opens his mouth to argue. “Accountability does not necessarily mean control. F.R.I.D.A.Y, the Sokovian Compromise, if you will?”Immediately a light blue hologram appeared over the table, displaying page after page of type and charts. Ross, however, simply frowned. “What is this?”“This, is a compromise. The Avengers agree to inform the leader of a country of the intent to enter, or that there is a possibility that they will have to enter it, prior to arrival. The leader may deny them entry, but the Avengers cannot be held accountable for anything that happens in that country and are free to work with any surrounding countries that give them clearance. If they enter despite a command not to, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
past Steve/peggy - Relationship
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Civil War AU
Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Orphan Peter
Character death refers to pre-story events
Aunt May is dead
It's all the Averngers' fault
Secret Identities
Miscommunication
Hurt and comfort
Family Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Canon-Typical Violence
Awkward Peter
adoption to help public image

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
past Steve/peggy - Relationship
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

