Chapter 1: Court date
    




Chapter Text

Stiles was fifteen and ready to head to court for her emancipation hearing.  She had called a cab to come pick her up at her house because she didn’t want to walk in 

heels

, especially not in late October. 


When Stiles was eleven, she created a false persona.  One legal in every way except that there was no living, breathing person attached to the birth certificate, Social Security Number, and Driver’s License that Stiles had hacked in to create.  With this false persona, Stiles created a company: Voin Enterprises. 


This company then purchased 50 acres of land just inside the forest preserve.  On that land she had a 

house

 built; one that she could also use to store all her computer equipment.  She’d been living in it since construction was completed, just three months shy of her twelfth birthday.   Her father still spent all his time drunk and ignoring her so she doubts he ever noticed she no longer lived in his home. 


The driveway to reach her home was more than a quarter mile long and the property was in the middle of nowhere, and she was wearing heels.  Thus, the cab.  Normally, she was happy to walk the quarter mile driveway and then the mile to the nearest bus stop.  She did it several times a week to get to her martial arts classes.  Today was a special day though.


*~*~*


Court was just as over-whelming as she had assumed it would be.  She was grateful that her attorney, David Whittemore, was doing all the talking; she was so nervous that she knew she’d be a rambling mess for certain.


“Your Honor,” David addressed the judge.  “My client has demonstrated beyond the shadow of a doubt that she is a competent, responsible adult.  After her mother passed away seven years ago her father stopped paying the mortgage and the utilities in his grief.  The house was in foreclosure and the utilities had been shut off and turned back on several times. 


“My client, who was eight years old at the time, took money out of her inheritance and brought the mortgage current.  As you can see from her bank statements, she has continued to pay the monthly mortgage payment and all the utilities.  You can also see from the statements that she buys all the groceries and pays for the upkeep of the yard.  She also cleans the house and does all the laundry for both her and her father.


“She received her high school diploma when she was six.  She earned her Bachelor of Arts in Linguistics from Harvard, graduating Magna Cum Laude at the age of eleven.  She also earned her Master of Arts in History from Princeton when she was thirteen.  My client has recently finished all the coursework for her Doctorate in Literature and History with an emphasis in Mythology and Folklore through Oxford’s online program.  She is currently working on her dissertation.


“I submit to this court that there is no good reason why my client should not be granted her emancipation today.”  David sat back down in his chair next to Stiles.  The judge shook his head in disbelief as he quickly flipped through the stack of paper exhibits in the case.


Finally, he turned toward the Petitioners. “I have seen my fair share of teens asking to be emancipated.  Some were even mature enough that I granted their petition.  However, in all my years on the bench I have never seen such a cut and dried case as yours.  Petition for Emancipation is hereby granted.”  The judge banged his gavel ending the court session.


Stiles couldn’t believe it.  She sat there, completely stunned.  She could feel the tears stream down her cheeks, but she didn’t care.  Stiles was free.  She quickly stood and couldn’t help but give her lawyer a quick, but sincere, hug.


“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” she gushed.  “I can’t believe it’s real.  I’m finally free.”  David Whittemore just smiled down at his young client. 


“You’re welcome.  I’m glad that I could help.” He was sincerely glad that he could help this young woman.  He and the sheriff had not seen eye to eye several times over the years on a few cases.  David was relieved to have helped the girl, but it was nice to stick it to Sheriff Stilinski at the same time. 


“You take care of yourself,” he told her as he picked up his briefcase.  “And if you ever need anything else, don’t hesitate to call.”


“I promise,” She replied.  “Thank you, again, for everything.” She slipped on her coat then headed outside to call for a cab to take her back home.


*~*~*


One of the first things she did when she got home, second only to taking of her high heeled boots, was to transfer ownership of Voin Enterprises into her own name.  Once done, that meant she actually owned the property, the house, and all four of the subsidiary companies. 


Two of the subsidiaries are rental properties and management companies; Vesta Properties handles all the residential real estate, while Māra Commercial Properties handles all the commercial real estate.  The Seshat Foundation offers full ride scho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Mr. Quinn
Darcy Lewis/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Eliot Spencer/Stiles Stilinski
Jane Foster (Marvel)/Derek Hale
Natasha Romanoff/Peter Hale

freeform: 
Always Female Stiles Stilinski
Girl!Stiles
Post Season 4 of Leverage
Starts pre-Season 1 of Teen Wolf
Sheriff Stilinski's Name is John
Sheriff Stilinski is a Bad Parent
emancipation
BAMF Stiles
BAMF Eliot
Rich!Stiles
Stiles has style
Comatose Peter
Bodyguard Eliot
Warning: Kate Argent
Warning: Laura Hale
Werewolves
Super Soldiers
Leverage Wolves
Medical Procedures
Is it underage if she's emancipated?
Peter Feels
Good(ish) Peter
Derek Feels
manipulated derek
Alpha Derek
Director Fury is Stiles' Godfather
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Fury is a good godfather
Alive Relatives
PTSD
Nightmares
Ego-centric Thor
Stiles-centric
Good Loki
Jotunn | Frost Giant
tasertricks - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
Messed up Mythology
Loki Feels
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Angst
Pack Building
Pack Family
Not Thor (Movie) Compliant
Odin's Bad Parenting
Evil Odin (Marvel)
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Alpha Eliot Spencer
Super Soldier Stiles
Artist Steve Rogers
Mechanic Bucky Barnes
Law Student Darcy
Law Student Peter
Mathematician Derek

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Mr. Quinn
Darcy Lewis/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Eliot Spencer/Stiles Stilinski
Jane Foster (Marvel)/Derek Hale
Natasha Romanoff/Peter Hale

