Chapter 1: Breakdown
    




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis decides somewhere between Dallas and Austin, as her beat up old Ford truck speeds down a two-lane back country road, that she’s made for road trips.  Well, she actually decided that weeks ago when her epic summer-post-grad-school-pre-big-girl-job road trip began, but she’s reminded of why again today as she passes the gorgeous Texas scenery that reminds her so much of a scene from Friday Night Lights.  (Shut up!  She’s a big fan of Riggins, okay?)  Country music blares out of the stereo and she sings along loudly while the wind blowing in through the open windows whips her hair around her face and shoulders.  She hasn’t seen another car for ages and she loves the solitude.  Most people would hate all this time alone, but she’s not most people. The whole trip so far has consisted of going wherever sounds like the most fun at any given time.  Right now she’s headed to Austin because she’s heard great things about the music scene.  From there she plans to head to New Orleans and check out Bourbon Street, but it’s hard telling what she’ll feel like in a day or two.  Her wanderlust hasn’t eased yet and she doesn’t start her job until September, so she’s still got a month and a half left to cram as many destinations in as possible. Her truck makes a hideous noise while she belts out the lyrics to “Jolene” and she frowns, wondering if that is supposed to be a protest against her terrible singing or something.  The noise stops quickly and everything seems gravy for another few miles.  Then something under the hood makes another horrible grinding sound and the truck lurches and sputters to a stop despite the fact that her foot is firmly on the gas.  “Motherfucker!” she yells and slams her hands against the steering wheel a few times.  Darcy pops the hood and jumps out of the truck; she is less than impressed with the smoke pouring from the engine.  She has no clue how to do anything to a vehicle other than put in gas and drive the thing.  Sighing, she walks back around to the cab and digs through her bag until she finds her cell phone so she can find out where the hell she is and then look up the number for a tow truck.  One thing she learns quickly?  There’s no cell service in Bumfuck, Texas.  Fanfuckingtastic!
 
She huffs out an impressive stream of curse words while tossing some clothes and a few necessities into a bag.  There is a voice in her head that suspiciously sounds like her father’s telling her she should’ve taken him up on his offer of a new car instead of insisting on taking this piece of junk on a tour of the country.  Now isn’t the time for that, though, because she’s got to hoof it to the nearest town or place with cell service so she can get the hell out of here.  Sighing, she tucks her taser in the back pocket of her cutoff denim shorts, because no way in hell is she walking anywhere without it, let alone in the middle of the sticks.  She slings the bag across her body, grabs her straw cowboy hat off the front seat and pulls that on before locking up the cab and slamming the door shut. Goddammit, Texas is hot in July, she thinks as she walks down the road, the gravel on the shoulder crunching beneath her boots.  She’s cursing herself for taking the road less traveled rather than the fucking highway where motorists pass regularly and there are handy things like gas stations nearby and reception on her damn phone.  The air is stifling and thick with humidity and she has to strip down to her tank top in order to make the walk more tolerable.  She keeps checking her cell phone every five minutes to see if she’s miraculously within range, but so far no luck. Darcy makes it about a mile down the road, or so she thinks, but when she turns back she can still make out her truck stranded on the side of the road and she wants to cry.  Tears won’t do any damn good anyway, so she keeps those emotions in check and keeps walking.  After another twenty minutes she hears the telltale roar of a motorcycle engine approaching and she stops in her tracks, whirling around and reaching for her taser just in case she’ll need it in a hurry.  There’s a man on the bike who looks really fucking amazing as he gets closer, but part of that is probably the heat and the fact that he’s basically her only hope for rescue out here.  He gets closer still and now she knows how amazing he looks has everything to do with how gloriously attractive he is.  The other stuff, too, she supposes, but seriously.  This guy?  Gorgeous with a capital G.  If she had to guess, she’d say he’s in his mid to late twenties, tall, dark blonde hair, a jaw so chiseled you could probably sharpen knives on it, and apparently a gym membership that gets used daily if his shoulders and arms are any indication.  His skin is lightly tanned from the sun and is a stark contrast against the white t-shirt he’s wearing.  The bike pulls to a stop and the man smiles at her, and her stomach flutters like a ridiculous
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sexual Content
Fluff and Angst
Road Trips
Sharing a Bed
Texas
Developing Relationship
One Night Stands

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

