Chapter 1: Introduction
    


Notes:
This is How to Train Your Dragon mixed with the Avengers. I can't be the only one who sees the similarities between Hiccup and Tony. They're both engineers, (Medieval blacksmithing was basically their version of engineering, right?) they're both abnormally intelligent for their times and communities, they're both the only son of a powerful man, they're both unaccepted by their fathers (Before the first HTTYD movie), they are both part of a team of six (not including any Avengers that weren't part of the original movie), and both of their teams were protectors of their communities. Plus they're both sarcastic little shits. So, because Toothless is in this story and he is Tony's "superpower" Tony will not be Iron Man, but he will still have his tech and some parts of the Iron Man suit that he will use to fight with Toothless. Although most of the events of at least the first two movies will still happen, they will be different. This will start with the How to Train Your Dragon storyline, then go onto the Marvel movies. I am planning for eventual Steve/Tony, but for now the story is marked general.      Obviously I own nothing. If I owned either of these movies it would be a lot easier to pay my tuition. Thanks for reading!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony’s head broke the surface was a strangled gasp. He desperately sucked down air, then choked when the ocean threw spray into his face. Spotting a piece of floating debris, he kicked over to it and was able to grab on and use it to keep his head above water. “Dad! Mom! Anyone?!” He shouted frantically. He had no idea where anyone else was, or if anyone else had even made it off the ship. He had been asleep in his room below deck when the explosion had gone off, and the expedition ship had shuddered and immediately began to list to the side. Everything had happened very fast after that, and he barely had time to stumble out of his room before it became clear the ship was going down, and fast.“Dad!” Tony screamed again, but if there was an answer, it was stolen by the wind. He took a deep breath, and tried to find some calm. The water was freezing, and he couldn’t stay like this or he wouldn’t last until the sun came up. He had to find a way out of the water, and some way to get dry or he wouldn’t stand a chance. He began to kick at the water, trying to force his blood to keep circulating as well as move forward in search of something to keep him out of the ocean. It was a pitch black night, and the only light he had was the flames of the rapidly sinking ship. But he eventually spotted something reflective bobbing in the waves, and with hope rising, Tony desperately kicked towards it.The bright, reflective package was the inflatable raft, tied with a long rope to the emergency kit. It must have been thrown from the ship after the explosion. Didn’t matter to Tony, he was just so damn grateful for something to go his way. He grabbed the rope attached to the package with shivering hands, and yanked with what strength he had left. The cord came free, and the raft quickly inflated itself. Tony eagerly swam to it, and, struggling, managed to drag himself onto it. He laid there too long, trying to catch his breath. Then, gathering his strength yet again, he dragged himself up and reeled in the emergency kit. He didn’t bother looking through all the supplies yet, he just dug until he found the package holding the aluminum blanket. He dragged the lightweight, crinkly thing over his shoulders, and took a breath.“Is anyone out there?!” Tony shouted as loud as it could. He was met with silence, only the wind to keep him company. Okay, okay, calm down Stark, he thought firmly. He was a damn genius, he could find a way out of this. He was alone - oh dear god his parents - “DAD! MOM!” Tony screamed, but once again, there was no answer. The wind had died down, and left no doubt about the lack of answer. Oh god, oh no, if they were dead, if they were dead he was truly alone. His dad was a bastard, and spent more time drinking and screaming at Tony than even trying to be a father, but he was indeed Tony’s father. And his mother, while not around much, had never been cruel to him. They were the only family he had, and now even if he managed to survive the night, he was alone. Okay, okay, freak out later, he told himself. For now, he had to try to survive the night, and hopefully it would warm up a bit when the sun came up.The ship was nearly gone beneath the waves by now, and Tony had to act fast to get what he would need throughout the night before the light from the fires were gone. He opened the emergency kit again. Inside, there was some dried food, four bottles of water, three more of the aluminum blankets, matches - what good would they do him in the middle of the ocean? - a wind-up flashlight, a flare gun, a mirror, some line and fish hooks, and a pocket knife. For now, Tony rem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III & Toothless
Tony Stark & Toothless
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventually - Relationship
It'll be awhile - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - How to Train Your Dragon Fusion
Tony is Hiccup
Hiccup is Tony
Dragons
Protective Toothless
Teenage Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Families of Choice
Angst
Betrayal
Torture
Alternate Universe - Dragons

fandom: 
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III & Toothless
Tony Stark & Toothless
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventually - Relationship
It'll be awhile - Relationship

