Chapter 1: Chapter-1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When Tony Stark contacted Reva Anderson, a young psychologist, she was rather stunned. He had been cryptic about the reason, only telling her that he needed a 'session'.
She immediately suspected that something was not being shared with her deliberately, for why would someone like Tony Stark contact someone like her when he probably had the number of the best therapists on the Eastern Seaboard?
She wasn't one of them. Not yet, at least. She had only begun her practice a few years ago.
However, her suspicions deepened when she was brought to a gargantuan flying machine, called a 'helicarrier,' and given a file that contained information about a Norse God-cum-alien named Loki. She was vaguely familiar with the name, thanks to her penchant for random internet surfing. He was the God of Mischief and Lies; that was all that she knew.
Reading the file, she soon realized that she wasn't dealing with mere mischief. This man had recently launched his campaign for world domination in Stuttgart. And he was also really obsessed with making people kneel before him.
So much for first contact being peaceful and friendly.
Stark had promised a handsome paycheck to her for the job. He wanted her to engage Loki somehow, to get him to talk. All attempts at interrogation had failed so far. So this was Stark's version of a last ditch effort-bringing someone non-SHIELD and try to ease him into conversation. Someone non-threatening would lower his barriers and perhaps, he'd let something slip about his evil plans.
Now, Reva did want recognition and a career boost, and working for Tony Stark would certainly earn her that, but did she really want to deal with a possibly psychotic space Viking?
Another thing, this whole operation was to be kept covert and no one else on the helicarrier was to know about its details. As far as anyone else was concerned, Reva was Stark's personal therapist and he needed some sessions to deal with the stress of the present situation.
"Am I supposed to know what SHIELD is?" she asked, baffled as she read about the details of the Stuttgart attack.
"Basically, they're FBI on steroids." Stark shrugged as he paced before her. They were in his personal quarters, the only place without bugs. "Don't think you need more info than that."
She nodded. The lesser she knew, the better.
"Do you really think I could make Loki talk? I'm not very confident. I don't even have enough experience, I think."
"The lack of experience is what makes you perfect for this. We need to make him feel like he's in complete control. We want him to feel smug."
"I wonder how safe this is." She kept turning the pages of the file nervously. "It's not like I go around chatting up criminals for a living."
"Don't worry," said Stark, looking at her reassuringly, "we have him in a solid cage. It was built for something much stronger than him. He won't be able to do anything, besides throwing some insults here and there."
She nodded, thinking about that paycheck again. She could do this.
"But how exactly are you going to sneak me in there? You said it was going to be covert. Isn't he supposed to be under constant surveillance?"
"Yes, I'll help you with that," he stated smugly. "I'll disengage the cameras to his cell and will install prerecorded feeds. And I'll be keeping tabs on the situation. You will have all the night to yourself."
"The whole night? Does he not sleep?"
"He hasn't shown signs of it so far."
"Okay then, take me to him."
She could do this. She was just going to have humdrum conversations with a psychotic space Viking. The night will be over soon and she will be let off. Hannibal Lecter, here I come.
Stark quietly slipped Reva into the chamber holding the reinforced glass cage and gave her a thumbs up. The door was closed on her face before she could even respond. She then turned her attention to the glass cage.
The captive was already observing her. His stare was severe enough to make her knees quake. He was tall, and clad in a strange costume-armor hybrid. His pale skin glowed under the fluorescent lights, giving him an aura of otherworldliness. Even his long raven hair looked menacing.
Suddenly, the urge to turn around and run away struck Reva hard. Oh, what the hell had she gotten herself into?
Very slowly, she made her way to the front of the cage and introduced herself.
"Hi, I'm Raina," She cursed herself as her voice wavered a little under his intense scrutiny, "and I'm here to give you company for the night."
"Starting off with a lie," he crooned, his voice like a dagger wrapped in velvet. "Why am I not surprised?"
His stern expression gradually gave way to a grin-possibly the most wicked grin she had ever seen. It made her shudder, which didn't slip his notice.
His sharp seafoam eyes roamed all over her body, from head to toe and back. Reva tried hard not to squirm. She realized then, that he wasn't just scary
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
scheming loki
Loki Feels
Loki Angst
Loki Has Issues
BAMF Loki
Loki is Not Amused
Angry Loki
loki is a little shit
Loki is a dick
Creepy Loki (Marvel)
Loki is Creepy
Possessive Loki
Romance
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Thor: The Dark World Spoilers
Thor Is Not Stupid
Infinity Gems
Loki likes to make OFC nervous
Fear Play
Smut
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Sexual Content
Psychological Trauma
Psychological Torture
Psychoanalysis
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Marvel Universe
Voyeurism
Asgard
Midgard
Post-Avengers Asgard
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional Baggage
Magic
Loki's Revenge
Ultron is a little shit
Het
OFC fears Loki
Loki shall be feared
Loki is demanding
Protective Loki
It's hard to keep up with Loki
Loki can be cruel
Loki can be sweet be as well
in his own way
Loki wants OFC
Loki will have OFC
Loki will have what he wants
Loki-centric
Ok this is basically the story I wanted Loki to have
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki gets the story where he is the focus
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Praise Kink
Kinky sex
Plot Twists
Plot With Porn

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

