Chapter 1: Alienation
    




Chapter Text
Getting out of bed was the last thing Peter Parker wanted to do when he woke up that March morning. He groaned, blinking his eyes open, trying to adjust to the bright rays that beamed through his apartment window.When that didn't work, he rolled to his stomach, stuffing his face in his pillow, basking in the comfort of his warm bed. In that moment, there was nothing he wanted more than sleep. Despite a full night's rest, he was exhausted, groggy, as if he hadn't slept at all.Stress was a likely culprit.New York streets kept Spider-man busy. J.J.'s epic tyrades left the photographer drained. And Wade's lengthy voyages kept Peter lonely.Wade had been gone for at least a month now, and it was...frustrating. Peter probably wouldn’t have been so ticked off if Wade hadn’t promised that his so-called ‘mission’ would only take a week.After he had left, things went downhill fast. Evidently, it was hard to rest without Wade by Peter's side. It didn't matter how early he went to bed, or what tea he drank, or what ambient music he played at night. Every morning, he'd wake up the same. Tired. Stiff. Sad...Now was no different.Too bad sleeping in wasn’t an option. Today was important. Presentations. The day Peter turned in his best photos to the Daily Bugle. He had to get up, be on time, and look his best to impress the boss. Whatever it took to land a hefty check to cover his overdue rent...Easier said than done.The new guy...Eddie...had a habit of swiping Peter's pay. He was a good photographer...the best of the best he claimed. The guy had an ego that put J.J.'s to shame. Being new didn't faze him; Eddie clearly thought he was the better photographer...and made sure Peter knew it.Peter scoffed. Better photographer...yeah, right.Anyone with eyes could see his photos were fake... except of course, the boss...He sighed, trying not to think about it...no point in adding to the stress.Peter turned his head and slowly blinked his tired eyes open. He squinted through the sunlight to check his alarm clock, only to find himself staring at his black spider suit that, for whatever reason, was sprawled over the dresser, its mask drooped over his clock, the silver lenses glaring back at him.Peter furrowed his brow, not remembering tossing his suit there but too tired to try and decipher how it ended up in such an odd place. He reached out and tossed the suit to the floor, then stared wide-eyed at what his clock read. He rubbed his eyes and blinked vigorously, hoping it would change the numbers on the screen. It wouldn't.He swore he set his alarm for 7:00...so why the hell was it 7:28?!Ignoring his body's objections, Peter rolled from his bed, tripping over bedsheets, and B-lined it for the closet. He jumped into his black spider suit before throwing on the collared shirt and slacks he ironed the night before, careful not to wrinkle the cheap clothes, before darting into the bathroom.After washing his face, brushing his teeth, and running a lazy hand through his wild hair, Peter sprinted from his apartment with his camera and satchel full of photos secured on his shoulder, praying he'd make it there before the new guy beat him to the punch.He raced down the hall, creeping past his landlord's room before jumping down the steps and exiting the building. Once outside, he jogged towards work, doing his very best not to sweat.The early spring sun brightened the usually dull neighborhood he lived in. Citizens stood outside of their apartments to enjoy the fresh air, some even waving good morning to the brunette as he passed by. The flowers were beginning to bloom on the rare patches of soil that supported the tall, leafy trees by the sidewalk. Children hustled past him in a hurry to catch their buses, probably excited that they would be getting out soon for their spring break. This time of year was really the best. People were always so much happier in the spring.So why couldn’t he be happy, too?Peter could feel the hole in his heart grow wider as the reminder of Wade not being there flooded through his memories again. It wasn’t fair. It just wasn’t fair. Peter was never in Wade’s thoughts, so why was Wade constantly in Peter’s? It was... infuriating. He was so angry with his boyfriend. A call, a text message…hell, a telegram from the guy would have made his life so much more bearable.But Wade didn’t seem to want to. Or wasn’t able to, from where he was.Either way, Peter missed him. He missed him so much.Any joy from being outside in the presence of the spring’s bright sun quickly dissipated at the depressing memories. He missed Wade’s intoxicating scent, his body’s heat. He missed his constant talking, his bad jokes, his vulgar stories. He missed his smile. His hugs. His kisses. His sex...He shook his head, knocking the thoughts to the back of his mind as he approached the Daily Bugle. He looked down at his phone and thanked his lucky stars; he was only a few minutes late...He stepped into the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Venom
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Venom
Deadpool/Spider-man

freeform: 
Cheating
Break Up
Falling In Love
Love Triangles
Sleep Deprivation
Sleepwalking
Heartbreak
Stalking
Anal Sex
Rich Eddie
Distant Wade
Misunderstandings
Domestic Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Sleep Sex
Oral Sex
Hurt Peter Parker
Broke Peter Parker
Angst with a Happy Ending
Humiliation
Blackmail
Possessive Behavior
Narcissism
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Dark Eddie Brock
Hurt Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Venom
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Venom
Deadpool/Spider-man

