Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve had nightmares an a lot.He had always been an anxious person. Growing up in a great depression, being a skinny asthmatic and never knowing if you were going to fall fatally ill the next day sort of did that to a person. So the nightmares that came with all that stress and worry? Not exactly a big surprise. Steve had been used to waking up slightly panicked, a little out of breath, maybe a slight sheen of sweat around his forehead if it had been particularly bad.It had never been like this.It was never thrashing around in bed, breaking mattresses in two and ripping sheets in half. It had never been screaming at the top of his lungs, begging for the life of a friend who was long dead. It never left him unable to breathe properly or unable to sleep for the rest of the night or two, if it had been particularly horrifying.Becoming Captain America had its downsides. To put it lightly. So when Steve woke up at one fifty-six on a Tuesday morning, curled up in a ball on the floor and screaming in terror, it didn’t even surprise him. Breath coming in short, broken gasps, his eyes flew open and he scrambled up into sitting position from his place on the floor. The world around him was pitch black, and he was cold without the thick sheets of his bed to wrap around him. 
Cold

He could feel the bitter chill sweeping around him in the plane as he drove it into the unforgiving ice, a coldness like nothing else he had ever felt before. Knives on his skin, worming their way under his suit and enveloping him like an inescapable blanket. He felt the shrapnel of the wrecked plane he was sat in rush past him, icy metal hitting his face and throwing him out of his pilot’s chair. On the floor now, he could feel the Arctic waters pool on the floor, spilling through all the chasms in the metalwork of the airplane, hitting him like an explosion of vicious cold.

The ice chokes him, he can’t move, his body is freezing and he can fucking feel it as it kills him and-
 Steve groaned again, taking a sharp intake of breath and clutching at the damp hair on his neck, choking back broken sobs.It’s just a memory. A memory. It’s not real itsnotrealitsnotreal.There was no way he could sleep now. Not a hope in hell. Shaking hands felt around for a blanket, a sheet, something, anything that would keep the ice away from his bones, away from his heart. They landed on a familiar shabby blanket that was frayed at the edges and so very old, and so very Tony, and Steve clutched at it like a lifeline, pulling it around his shoulders and resting his head against the side of the bed in exhaustion.He must have forgotten to give it back when Tony had placed it over him a few nights back, as he had fallen unconscious on top of the bed after the usual post-battle exhaustion. Or maybe he had just wanted to keep it for a little longer. That seemed like the more likely option, to be honest.The faint aroma of coconuts and spilled coffee drifted into Steve’s nose, and he breathed it in, burrowing his face into the worn down sheet and inhaling.It smelt like home.Home was calming. Home wasn’t ice or ocean or warzone. Home was his friends, his team. It was Tony’s workshop or Tony’s smile or Tony’s inventions or- Tony.(Yeah, okay, maybe Steve could admit he was slightly completely and utterly infatuated.)Its just…Tony was something Steve had never seen before. It was like looking at fire. So bright it could be blinding, constantly changing or shifting or evolving- and completely mesmerizing.And Steve wanted him. So badly it hurt. He wanted the pre-coffee drowsiness and the grumpiness that came with his lack of sleep. Early morning kisses and late-night dinners spent together on the worn-out sofa of the workshop.But that wasn’t possible. Not when Tony was barely recovered from the ordeal Steve had put him through. Tony could barely keep himself from flinching when he was caught unaware by any of the team, and despite his promises that all was forgiven; Steve could tell that the day at the pool had affected Tony deeply.One stupid joke- that was all it had taken for Steve to ruin everything he could have had.He should have known. Or maybe asked before fucking deciding it was a good idea to throw a man Steve knew had PTSD into a God-Damn-Fucking-Pool. But he had just been so excited to try and get Tony to join in; he had wanted to see that smile Tony had given Natasha so desperately. The consequences or doubts were pushed to the back of his mind, and never even thought about when he told Clint and Thor to get him into the pool using whatever means necessary.Idiot, idiot, idiot.And now, after the incredible fuck up that was the pool incident, Tony was out of bounds. Steve wasn’t going to put that sort of pressure on him, and it seemed he and Bruce were kind of a thing anyway (and Steve wasn’t bitterly jealous about that at all. Definitely not). Tony and the Doctor had seemed joined at the hip ever since he’d come back, and even if it hurt 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Pre-Slash
Getting Together
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Has Nightmares
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Everyone is Gonna Need A Hug in This Fucking Fic
loki is a little shit
Worst fears
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Alternate Realities
Dreamworld
BuT tHe WOrSt KINd oF DREamWOrld
This is Boutta Get Real Dark
Temporary Major Character Deaths
Team Feels
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Hurt/Comfort
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is A BAMF
as always
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Avengers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Pining Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Is Religious
Insecurity
Nightmares
Insomnia
Science Bros
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
i guess
There is some form of fluff in here somewhere
at the beginning maybe??

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

