Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You know, you're going to die at this rate.”Steve Rogers didn't move.  He wasn't sure he was capable of it.  Instead, he focused on breathing, on drawing a couple of thin, careful breaths.  They were small, struggling, broken breaths, and they tasted like bright copper in the back of his throat.  “Yeah?” Steve managed.  He coughed, and it hurt, the pain was excruciating, and he wrapped his arms around his ribs, trying to hold himself together.  “Thanks, I'll keep that in mind.”The sudden, violent rainstorm had stopped, almost as quickly as it had begun, but he was soaked to the skin, the cold like a layer of ice beneath it.  He should be grateful.  The storm was the only thing that had chased the damn muggers off.  There had been three of them, desperate for a meal, or maybe their next fix.  Either way, they hadn't been interested in listening to what Steve had to say, and Steve hadn't been interested in giving up his meager possessions without a fight.Which had left Steve where his stubbornness and pride usually left him: facedown on the dirty pavement, wondering just how badly he was hurt this time, and hoping that his teeth were intact.“Seriously.  What are you defending?”  A hand reached into his line of sight, and for an instant, Steve was transfixed by the beauty of that hand, the anatomical perfection of it.  The fingers were long and straight and perfectly proportioned, strong and masculine.Then those perfect fingers closed on the strap of Steve's backpack, and just like that, the spell was broken.Steve lunged, scrambling and fighting and forcing himself upright.  His feet kicked at the ground, and he fell back to his knees, but the force of his attempt was enough, and he got his bloody fingers around the strap of his backpack before it could be pulled out of reach.  “Don't,” he bit out, blinking hard to clear his eyes.“Still kicking, huh?” The pale, almost luminous oval of a face swam into view.  “Good for you.”Steve wrenched the backpack out of the man's hand, and the force of it sent him stumbling back against the wall.  His legs were trembling so hard that he could barely hold himself up.  He wrapped the strap of his bag around his hand, around and around, tying himself to his bag, and he hugged it close.  Water dripped from his face, from his hair, and he shivered, folded around his backpack.  “Who are you?” he asked, trying to get his vision to clear.  “What-”  The words died in his throat.The man was less pale than he had thought, his skin had a warm, golden hue, as if he'd been in a place far sunnier than New York in mid-winter.  His dark hair was a luxurious mass of curls, and his straight black brows winged warm, golden brown eyes.  He was smiling, bright white teeth ringed with a neatly trimmed black goatee.  There was amusement on his face, in his eyes, a spark of something bright and warm that settled low in the pit of Steve's stomach like a long drink of a warm liquor.He was dressed in all in white, and that was odd.  He wore a pair of white trousers and a white shirt, the fabric flowing over his trim body, open at the throat and loose at the wrists.And he had wings.  Steve stared at them.  Wings.  Beautiful, bright wings, wings that seemed to glow, each feather flickering in the darkness, reflecting a light that wasn't there.  As Steve watched, the man's shoulders shifted, muscles flexing beneath the soft confines of his shirt, and the wings fluttered around him, the sound like rustling silk.“What are you?” Steve asked at last.The man chuckled, and the sound rolled over Steve's skin, prickling as it went.  “Isn't it obvious?” he asked, his smile curling with the same seductive twist as as his wings.  “I'm your Guardian Angel.”Steve swallowed.  “Great,” he said out loud.  “Head injury.  Hallucination.  That's...  That's just what I needed right now.”  Turning on his heel, he limped towards the end of the alley, one hand braced against the wet brick of the wall, the other clutching his bag to his chest.  His head hanging down, he picked his way back towards the street.  He didn't have time for this.  He had class.  He had work to do, he had projects to finish.  He had a long walk home, and everything, just about everything hurt.  Another step, and another.  He could do this.  He didn't have a choice.  He had to keep moving.He bumped into his latest hallucination.“Really?” the winged man said, his voice amused.  “This is what we're doing?  Listen, I have a very busy schedule, I've got things to do and people to see, and you are constantly gumming up my gears.”  The bag disappeared from Steve's grip, and just like that, the man was digging through it.  “For such a little guy, you make a very big mess of my schedule.”Steve stared down at his empty hands.  “All this for a couple of sketchbooks?”Steve's head jerked back up.  In front of him, the man was flipping through his book, those beautiful fingers idle on the pages.  “Give me that,” Steve said, lunging for h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
AU
Angels
Wingfic
Role Reversal
Trauma
Hurt/Comfort
All my rules still apply
Happy Ending
Don't worry everyone will be fine

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

