Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony considered himself insane for the next three days.  Those three days were the days he willingly stayed in Steve’s power, begged for his attention, and gloried in every thrust-and-spill of Steve’s cock within him.  For three whole days he begged for Steve’s come morning, noon, and night, and Steve was more than willing to oblige him.  For three days he lived in a haze of orgasms, sweat, and the smell of Steve working itself into his pores, and he craved every single second of it.The fourth day, when the heat broke, Tony woke up with a clear head for the first time in almost a week.  He pushed himself upright in the bed, limbs a little shaky and sore from everything that had happened, feeling like he’d just been on one of the longest benders of his life.  There was no headache, unfortunately, so he had no excuse for forgetting why there was a deeply-satisfied glow suffusing him, a pleasant ache that only came from his most satisfying sexual encounters.Opening his eyes to see Steve sleeping next to him in the bed made the memories, the real reason he was here in Steve’s apartment, come back in sharp focus.  His next conscious memory was of him in Steve’s shower, scrubbing himself with gritted teeth, holding onto the contents of his stomach through sheer force of will.  Three rounds of washing, even with Steve’s pheromone-dampening body wash, still couldn’t quite rid Tony of the scent that curled around him in the steam – the warm, luscious scent of a recently-fucked omega.
God damn it.
For several weak moments, Tony had been hoping everything had been some kind of thoroughly fucked-up nightmare.  That maybe him and Steve had just stopped by his place for a little pack closeness, had done some roleplay, and Tony had fallen asleep and had a terrible dream.  Tony opened his eyes and forced himself to look down, to touch his body, to see the slight roundness of his abdomen and to feel the slick, easy opening of his ass.  He slowly dropped his head to the wall of the shower and let the few necessary moments of panic seize him in their icy claws, have their way with him, then retreat.This had happened.  He now had to deal with it.  No one was going to save him but himself.He shut off the water and toweled himself dry before looking in the mirror.  He looked haunted, and a little bruised, but physically he wasn’t too badly off.  Steve might have held him down, raped him, forcibly changed his gender, and went and bonded himself to him, but he hadn’t physically damaged Tony.Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play? Tony thought with a soft, bitter laugh.There was a blister pack of medication on the sink, prominently displayed so he couldn’t miss it, and Tony picked it up to make his bleary eyes focus on it.  Emergency contraceptives.Tony spent a few moments crouched in front of the toilet when the nausea hit him just thinking about why he would need them.  And then he downed the pills so fast he nearly dropped them before he could get them into his mouth.  That Steve had left them there, that he had given Tony this courtesy-.  Or maybe it was just because after going through all the trouble of fucking Tony into submission he didn’t want Iron Man grounded by pregnancy.Pregnancy.  What the ever-loving fuck.Clothes.  He needed clothes.  And he needed to go home.  Steeling himself, Tony opened the door and went back into the bedroom.  Steve was still out, lying on his side of the bed, curled around the space where Tony had been.  He sported a faint frown even in his sleep, hands fitfully fisting the sheets as if wondering where his omega had gone.
Right here, asshole.
Tony had never wanted to kill so badly.  Red-hot rage flashed across his vision, consuming him as his eyes darted around the room.  There was a heavy lamp on the side table, Steve’s shield on the floor, and somewhere in the apartment were the locator bracelets for Iron Man.  Tony could see it, feel it, how Steve’s skull would break under the lamp base, how blood would spray from his throat once cut by the shield’s edge, how Steve’s whole body would be destroyed if Tony unleashed Iron Man on him.  He could do it; he could kill him right now.  Nothing had felt so pure before.  The rage easily overcame the strong urge to put himself back into Steve’s hands, to let him know he was close.  
No, you don’t get me so easily.
Steve stirred sleepily, rolling over a little and relaxing into the bed, his hands still idly searching for his missing partner.  Tony had a short, sharp vision of ripping away Steve’s most prized alpha attribute and shoving it down his throat.Tony backed away before he did anything rash, holding onto his temper with both hands.  He didn’t need to touch the arc reactor to remind himself about the virtue of patience.  If he destroyed Steve, he’d feel a hell of a lot better, but then he’d have to explain to Fury, to S.H.I.E.L.D., to everyone what had happened, and Steve wouldn’t have to pay more than once for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Self-Mutilation
Past Sexual Abuse
Past Torture
Violence
Rape Recovery
Forced Bonding
Pack Bonding
Team Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Dark
Torture
Angst
Friendship
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mental Health Issues
Therapy
mentions of mpreg

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

