Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A travel-flat of four labeled coffees with the change tucked where creamer would normally go popped out the service window.  An unmarked white sedan that screamed ‘works for the city’ pulled around the corner, heading down the street in the opposite direction to that which their truck was parked with a sinister sort of intent.“Thanks for the business!  See you next time!” Clint called out the window, shutting it before he could get a reply.  The sedan nipped into a tight parking space and the driver leapt out.  The little flashing lights on the top of the truck started going, and Clint slammed home the last few items in their locking compartments, securing the truck for transit.  With a roar the engine revved up, swerved into traffic narrowly missing a collision with a panel truck, jumped the curb of a construction site and zoomed down a narrow one-way street.  The Coffee Bandits had struck again.“That was close, Tash,” Clint called to the front, strapping himself to a narrow seat that doubled as a spent grounds container.Natasha made a rude noise, accelerating around a bicyclist and dodging someone trying to park.  “He wasn’t even close enough to smell our exhaust.”“I don’t know.  If we get caught I don’t think we’ll get off with a fine.”“How long have we been doing this?  If they haven’t caught us now they’re not going to.  The city has bigger fish to fry than a rogue coffee truck.”  Natasha broke off from their conversation to curse inventively at a double-long bus.  Clint glanced behind them, anxiously looking for a white sedan with city plates.They had been at it for eight months, through the smothering heat of summer and the deep snows of winter.  It was their first spring, each day dawning with more promise and beauty than the last, and Clint was excited to roll out their mixed hot/cold menu for the thirsting crowds.  They had been so busy (and so successful) that the little matter of a food truck permit and food safety inspections had never been given their proper weight.  They hadn’t been in operation three months, zipping around the city and dispensing caffeine to the ravening masses, when an unassuming man in a suit had sidled up to them in the financial district asking about their letter grade.Clint had gotten out of the truck to talk with the stuffed suit while Natasha surreptitiously closed up shop.  In a coordinated move which couldn’t have been better if they’d practiced, Natasha backed down Stone Street three blocks going the wrong direction at almost forty and zipped out of sight while Clint had made a break for it through a fake Irish pub and into the mid-day crowds of tourists around Wall Street.  Since then they had been wanted by the city food inspectors - caffeinated fugitives from the law.--Clint didn’t let the last bit of tension leave him until they were safely in their home bay in the bottom floor of a warehouse.  The rest of the floor was taken up by machinery, manufacturing lines which ran at odd hours, and a small collection of very expensive cars lovingly stacked and covered.  Natasha told him that there was a helicopter deeper in the bowels of the building that she was relatively certain was functional.  Their tiny bay space was part of the reason they never even considered getting a food services permit.  It looked more like a mechanic’s shop than a place people would expect to eat food from.Clint and Natasha moved through their cleanup routine; emptying spent grounds, disinfecting the sink and counters, replenishing cups and lids, and freezing leftover coffee into coffee ice cubes.  Natasha pulled out a sack of beans and put them in the roaster for the next week Clint cleaned out their faithful Clover coffee maker and the espresso machine before dumping the spent milk.  It was comfortable.  They moved through their tiny space with the efficiency of long association.“I was thinking of elephant ears for tomorrow,” Natasha told him.  “There’s a cloud brewing in Alphabet City and they always sell well there.”Clint hooked his chin over her shoulder so as to read the tablet she was contemplating.  A map of Manhattan was displayed with a weather-map overlaid on it.Tony had developed an algorithm that aggregated data from social media sites along with weather patterns, transit schedules, school schedules, traffic, and historical patterns to predict locations of great coffee need.  They got alerts during particularly acute ‘flash floods’ of need, but otherwise simply picked areas where it looked like sales would be good.  In return for this software (and second-to-none equipment maintenance and upgrades), they were beholden to Stark’s coffee call.  If he sent out an SOS they would be at his doorstep with a carafe within twenty minutes.“I like elephant ears,” Clint said finally.  He didn’t like working Alphabet City very much.  There was a high concentration of boutique coffee shops already that catered to the clientele the Coffee Bandit truck drew in and a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Romance
Action
Adventure
Team as Family
Food Porn
family by choice
Dating
Making Out
New York
Schmoop
New love
Friendship
fluffy fight club
tracksuit mafia - Freeform
Bro - Freeform
Clint Needs a Hug
Clint No
This fic will make you hungry

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

