Chapter 1: The Rooftop Kingdom
    


Notes:
Welcome to “Misfits.” Creating this world has been an amazing journey, and I’d like to thank a few of the amazing people I’ve met along the way.First and foremost, my beta Lorien is the most selfless person on the planet. Not only has she become my best friend, but she’s taught me more about writing than I learned in college (no joke). Please check out her beautiful artwork and give her lots of love (drjezdzany). I truly couldn’t have done this without her.And thank you to everyone who left kudos, comments, or talked to me at length about these messed-up boys over the past four years (yes, years). Without your endless cheerleading (and awesome ideas), I’m not sure that I would’ve made it to the end. You all kick ass!Hello, new readers! I’m thrilled that you’re here! Comments give me life, so reach out, toss me some opinions, and let’s chat. Please be mindful of the tags. If you have questions regarding specific triggers, I’m always happy to answer them.Every chapter has a Mood Music Playlist. The songs are listed in the end notes, and I’ve created playlists on YouTube and Spotify.JessieLucidYouTubeSpotifyOkay, that’s it for now. Happy reading!Jessie :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


 “You can't be serious, Sam.”Steve was digging in hard, pinching his eyebrows together, puffing out his chest, and shaking his head like a 5th grader refusing to eat his vegetables. Actually, no. Sam lived with a 5th grader, and comparing Steve to somebody Sylvie’s age was an insult to ten-year-olds everywhere. Steve was acting like a  three-year-old  spitting half-chewed chunks of broccoli at his mama.“Look at this face,” Sam said, setting his jaw and making it perfectly clear that he ate  his  Goddamn vegetables! “Does it look like I’m kidding? ‘Cause I’m not. I know this situation sucks—believe me—but that doesn’t explain why you’re shutting down a solid idea.”At this point, you’d expect a ‘trusty’ co-captain to open his mouth and explain himself, but this was Steve, and Steve had a very thick skull. “You’re really just gonna stand there in your speedo and pretend that you don’t speak English?” Glancing down at  his  speedo, Sam sighed. They should’ve dealt with this shit before they’d changed. It didn’t matter that they’d been swimming together for over three years or that they’d gotten into it dozens of times without clothes, fighting with your best friend when you were 99% naked just wasn’t normal.And being  ignored  in a speedo was even worse.Taking a deep breath, Sam pretended that he was wearing a three-piece suit when he said, “In case you’ve forgotten, the whole reason we’re having  another  practice—as opposed to the extra practice we already had this morning—is to get this shit settled. I didn’t wanna swim at 5:30 a.m., I don’t wanna swim now, and I definitely don’t feel like dealing with the silent treatment. I’ve had a hell of a day, Steve. Not only did I sleep like shit, swim like shit, and bomb my chemistry test, but Tony calling me a beautiful black man during lunch got on my last nerve. He said it at least 50 times.”Steve crossed his arms and flexed his pecs, which was his way of doubling down. “Tony was just being Tony,” he said, flexing only the left side. “And it’s true, you are a beautiful black man.”“And you’re an annoying white boy who needs to get his pecs under control. Who do you think you are? The Rock?”  Steve laughed. Not on the outside, but Sam could see it in his eyes. They were all twinkly. And the way Steve switched from flexing just the right side of his chest to just the left was more good-natured asshole than passive-aggressive dick.Make no mistake, Sam wanted to laugh (out loud), but  somebody  had to get a plan together before Coach Fury walked into the natatorium. The last thing Sam needed was another long-winded lecture from a former Marine with a short fuse. One a day was all he could handle.Last night’s meet had been a disaster. A point that Fury had really driven home this morning at 5:30 a.m.  On a Friday.  Normally, Sam got to sleep in on Fridays—hit the snooze a few times, take a shower that lasted five minutes instead of two—but not today. Nope. When you lose, you practice six days a week instead of five. And when your ‘trusty’ co-captain drags his feet about recruiting someone so they didn’t lose again next week, you practice after school.Without Devin anchoring the relays, Sam and Steve had gotten their asses handed to them in the 200-yard medley and the 200-yard freestyle. Bye bye first place, hello second and third. It wasn’t Harry’s fault—Fury had plugged him into Devin’s spots with barely any warning—but after he’d blown their lead in the first relay, team morale had taken a nosedive and  everybody  had been thrown off their game.  Well, everybody but Kuba. That kid was like a machine. As the only junior who’d been on varsity last year,  nothing  was gonna stop him from la
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter (past)
Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter (past)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
Tony Stark/Loki (background relationship)

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Humor
Fluff and Angst
Sexual Tension
Sexual Humor
Punk Bucky Barnes
Jock Steve Rogers
Punk Clint Barton
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bisexual Tony Stark
Coming Out
Homophobia
Internalized Homophobia
Bullying
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
First Time
Light BDSM
Underage Sex
Underage Drinking
Falling In Love
Abusive Parents
Questioning Sexuality
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Homophobic Language
Swearing
Violent Thoughts
Specific/Detailed underage drug use
Cheating (sort of) with Dubious Consent
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con (not detailed but emotionally intense)
Violence
Sexual Violence/Manipulation
Art Accompanies Each Chapter
this story is an emotional rollercoaster
I believe in hopeful/happy endings
Specific Sexual Content (but not explicit)
Versatile Bucky Barnes (sort of)
Brief/Non-Descriptive Mentions of Self-Harm
Some Tags Too Much of a Spoiler to Include (but I'm happy to answer any questions)
Comedy/Romance/Thriller/Mystery/Psychological Drama

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter (past)
Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter (past)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
Tony Stark/Loki (background relationship)

