Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Loki had accepted the fact that Thor was going to be King a very long time ago. He wouldn’t lie to himself and claim that, at times, it didn’t burn him. Every time Thor did some idiotic thing that nearly got people killed, it infuriated him that Asgard would prefer this spoiled child on the throne. Most of the time Loki wasn’t bothered that Thor was getting the throne. What bothered him was that they had been judged in the eyes of Asgard –in Father’s eyes- and Loki had been found wanting.
When the official announcement came –first to the family in private and then to the whole of Asgard- Loki was truly not jealous or angry. Jealous that Thor had their love and angry that, no matter what he did or how he tried, he would never be good enough for them yes, but not about the throne. He would admit to being worried, because Thor was rash, violent and had to tendency to act before he thought. Those traits were perfect for a warrior, but not a king. Loki did however, believe that Thor could be a good king if he was given a wake-up call and a few more centuries. Loki loved his brother, but he was the only one who wasn’t blind to his faults because of that love. 
Thor was unbearable after the announcement, and no more than one occasion Loki was very close to turning him into the ass he was acting like. But he endured it, because that was all he could do. Loki was prepared to do all that until his father took him aside. 
Odin was apparently concerned about how Loki was dealing with being passed over (whether it was concern about his feelings or fear of what he could do if he was upset, Loki wasn’t sure). Odin explained his decision with more care than Loki had seen since he was a boy. Thor would be King, but Loki still had a place. He would be an advisor, would help lead his brother along the right path. Odin did see Thor’s faults, and knew what problems they could cause, and knew that Loki would be able to temper his brother. Loki, who had patience, diplomatic skills and a silver tongue, would help his brother go from good king to great king.
Throughout his father’s speech, Loki nodded his head and kept a look of understanding, complacently and calm on his face. He answered ‘Of course Father’ when it was expected, and looked grateful when his father clapped him on the shoulder and left. Inside, Loki was seething. It was only years of practice that allowed him to keep his composure. Loki wanted to take a page of Thor’s book and destroy something. 
His father, in not so many words, admitted that Loki was the son most suited to being King. He had just admitted that, despite the fact, he preferred Thor. Thor was becoming King for the sheer fact that he was Thor, not for any particular qualifications. And where was Loki through all this? He was meant to stand in the background, always in his brother’s shadow. He was expected to act from the shadows and let his brother bask in the glory of his accomplishments. Loki had done that his entire life, and now they wanted him to do it in an official capacity. His father wanted him, for all intents and purposes, to take the role of Queen of Asgard.
Loki loved and respected his mother, but no. He refused. He would not.
It was Thor that Asgard had chosen as their king, and it was King Thor that they were going to get. 
…. 
Loki did what he did best- he planned. All of Thor’s boasting made him itch to completely ruin the ceremony, to let Thor do something stupid that would prove to everyone that he wasn’t ready. Loki refrained, because that was not how he wanted it. Loki wanted all to see that Thor was not suited for all aspects of the role he had been given. Loki was a hundred percent sure that Thor would do something stupid that would lead to trouble for Asgard. Loki was bitter enough that he wanted to watch them both flounder (not fall, never that, because he loved his brother and realm). 
So Loki waited and planned. He put with Thor’s ego and let the coronation go on as planned. He acted just as was expected of him, including a little bit of mischief. It was playful really (Thor really did look fetching with his hair that shade of green, and really, he was able to hide it under the helmet, so Loki wasn’t sure why Thor pouted so), and nothing compared to what he could have done. If had done nothing, there would have suspicions, and he couldn’t have that. 
He cheered and feasted with the rest of Asgard in his brother’s honour. When a very drunken Thor grabbed him in a hug and babbled something about brotherhood, he indulged his brother with a pat on the shoulder and helped him to his quarters. 
It was the next day that Loki put his plan into motion. The best way to ensure that he was not in anyway involved in the All- Father’s plans, was to remove himself altogether. He could not play advisor if he was not in Asgard. If he just disappeared without a trace, it would seem as though he was merely pouting over being passed over for the thron
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Amora/Loki (Marvel)
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Past Amora/Thor

freeform: 
Community: norsekink
scheming!Odin
Schemining!Loki
Bad King!Thor
scheming!Amora

fandom: 
Amora/Loki (Marvel)
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Past Amora/Thor

