Work Text:
This is who you have always been, Kolya. This is who you will always be.Convincing, that voice; very convincing. It was more definite, louder, when the pain in his left shoulder increased (thanks to very extreme temperatures, or the connections from the bionic arm to the flesh and bone, and strain from the missions he took on). Why would his arm hurt like that sometimes, if it was a part of who he always was? In any case, Kolya didn't bother to think too hard about it. He wasn't supposed to. He hadn't been born with the arm, that was ridiculous. However, who he was now and the reality of the arm were intertwined together, like the strands in a worn blanket.Besides, the arm really didn't hurt so badly.There were times, many times, as he drifted in the long cold sleep, that he dreamed of his arms flailing (both flesh-and-blood arms), and the wind roaring in his ears; his entire body tensing for impact. When he struck the ground, he would float back to life, forever Kolya.In other moments, before he sank completely into the long cold sleep, he recalled the impossible memory of a blond man who was so slight that a strong wind would send him tottering down a grimy road, laughing; this guy had been so tiny, so obviously sickly and yet so fierce, so bright. He knew for certain that he would never meet another man like that, ever. In those pre-dreams, this small man stared at him and asked, in a surprisingly commanding voice, "Will you fight with me?"There was never any other acceptable answer than, Of course, Steve, and that name would ring like a bell through his entire head, almost dislodging that cold, calm, convincing voice.I'll fight with you, I'll fight for you, if that's what you want. You know that.+A man walked into the bar, which is how the jokes always start, but this man was gorgeous. He was so obviously bait, too, but Kolya was quite willing to skirt the trap for this one. There was another thing, too: when Kolya met the man's eyes, they widened, a fraction. He recognized Kolya, which was very unusual, because he would hardly forget someone as stunning as this one. He watched the man sit down at the bar, and let his gaze drift down to the curve of his ass atop the stool.Kolya walked over slowly; in the time it took for him to reach to the man's location, he had thrown back one drink and was now sipping on another in a manner of exaggerated thoughtfulness. He admired the view presented to him: tall and broad-shouldered, long-legged and fair-haired. Usually, Kolya liked to get slender blonds as his cover for missions, their fragility almost a delicacy onto itself; but the look from this one had burned a trail in him, from his throat to his groin.He leaned against the bar and looked down at the man, the honeypot. "You look like a man having a bad day," he said, using the accent which came to him the easiest. The man nodded, keeping his gaze straight ahead."My friend died," the man answered, and didn't the honeypot have the sweetest voice? Deep and with a commanding edge in it. "Only then it turned out that he didn't die at all, and I just thought he did."Kolya considered the side of his face. The way he clenched his jaw after he spoke, that couldn't be an act. Interesting, so very interesting. This was the truth, yes? An odd truth to share with a stranger, but the poetic side of Kolya's soul liked that, very much."That's harsh," he said and the man nodded, slowly. "So…you're drinking to forget?"The man held himself very still and Kolya resisted the urge to sling his arm, the non-bionic one, across those solid soldiers. Slowly, as if he was afraid to, the man turned and looked up, staring right into Kolya's eyes. The gaze was intimate; he felt his mouth dry with want so deep that he wanted to step to one side and simply walk out of the bar. It felt like too much.Carefully, the man said, "I just don't want to think about it for awhile," but his face said he thought about it, all the time. Even now, he thought about it.Kolya was going to keep this one, for as long as he was needed in this area. This one exuded a kind of solemnity that he hadn't known he craved until just now.He smiled down at the man's grave expression. "I might be able to help you out with that."+Outside of the bar, Kolya admired the man's bike; it was sleek, gleaming strength, just like its rider, but the apartment he'd rented was just around the corner. They didn't need it at all. Kolya led the way, holding open the door so that his guest could walk in. He hadn't expected the bait to just walk with him like this; that wasn't standard operating procedure, but Kolya rarely followed those in the first place.The man looked around as if searching for someone else. The apartment was very nice, cosy without being too closed up, and designed to let in as much natural light as possible; but the man's brow furrowed as if he saw a cage around him. Kolya grabbed him by the arm and shoved him back against the wall, smiling at the way he let
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier

freeform: 
Undercover
Memory Loss
Memory Alteration

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier

