Work Text:
Steve was pretty certain that by now everyone at SHIELD was aware of two facts. One, that Agent Barnes fairly regularly wore women’s lingerie. And two, that this basically turned Captain Rogers’ brain to warm jelly.The reason that everyone knew was that Bucky was a damn tease, and didn’t care to be particularly subtle about it. Especially on days when Steve had to leave earlier than Bucky, he’d pick the most provocative underwear he had and make sure Steve got glimpses of it all day.Such as right now, when they were both stuck in an excruciatingly dull briefing on weapons requisitioning. Bucky stretched, leaning back with both hands clasped behind him, the movement pulling up his t-shirt just enough for a flash of red to be visible.Steve’s mouth went dry. Bucky was wearing the red satin basque—almost certainly with the matching panties. And given that it wasn’t too warm today, there was a reasonable chance that he was wearing stockings as well. Steve found himself trying to make out the lines of it under Bucky’s t-shirt.“Captain Rogers? Do I have your full attention?”Steve smiled guilelessly. “Yes, ma’am. You were just saying that we have to remember to always fill in the section stating why we need to requisition the weapon.”The agent leading the session looked nonplussed, evidently having expected to catch him out. Steve mentally thanked whichever part of the serum enhanced multi-tasking abilities. He hadn’t been listening at all, but there was enough going into his brain to get him out of trouble. Bucky smirked at him, stretched his legs out, just ‘happening’ to slightly pull up one pants leg as he did so. Enough to, say, make it clear that he was wearing stockings.Steve had worked out that it was the extremes of masculinity and femininity in clothes that did... things to him. His reaction the first time he’d seen Bucky in panties had been exactly the same as the first time he’d seen Bucky in his army uniform. Oh, just remembering that uniform did something to him. Bucky had had a few days of leave after Basic, and when he walked through the door of their apartment, looking smart with his cap cocked just so, Steve’s jaw had almost hit the floor.Bucky had caught his expression, smiled, twirled, and said, “You like a man in uniform, huh?”Steve had made some incoherent noises as Bucky had stalked over to him.“Y’know, I think I kinda wanna be out of the uniform—”Steve had managed to get it together enough to croak, “Leave it on.”Bucky had been more than obliging, fucking him senseless against the kitchen counter without even taking his hat off.It was a pity that he hadn’t worked out the other part back then. There was no way these days that Bucky would ever put on an army uniform, especially not that one—which meant that his favorite fantasy was never going to happen. It had Bucky in that uniform, all sharp masculine lines, and Steve would strip him out of it, slowly. Jacket first, then tie, then shirt, and under the shirt he’d find a black silk basque (sometimes it was a loosely cinched corset, but always black silk). Then he’d unbutton Bucky’s uniform pants, push his pants down, see the garter belt and black silk panties that were being strained by Bucky’s erection, push the pants further down to see the stockings. And because it was a fantasy, he didn’t feel bad at all about leaving the suspenders in place and instead ripping the panties—“—correct form, Captain Rogers?”“I presume you’re talking about forms 15a and 15b?”The agent narrowed her eyes at him. Steve again thanked the part of his brain that had been listening while his lizard brain was otherwise occupied. If this was genuinely important, it would have had his full attention, however distracting Bucky was being (though Bucky was responsible enough to not be distracting when something was seriously important, they had some differences of opinion as to where the line of importance was drawn). It wasn’t; they could easily have been told this over email, and he wasn’t going to feel bad about not concentrating.As the agent turned away, Bucky looked at Steve, then looked at Steve’s crotch, looked back at him, and raised an eyebrow. Yes, fine, he had an erection in a meeting, but the desk should be hiding that from anyone who wasn’t as close to him as Bucky. He looked at the clock. Fifteen minutes until the end of the meeting, which meant that he should probably start thinking of things that would mean he could walk out with his dignity still intact. Or to be more accurate, the shreds of dignity he’d managed to preserve in the face of Bucky’s best efforts still intact. He went to his current default, which was the question that kept coming up every time SHIELD made him do an online question and answer - what were the combat logistics of fighting one horse-sized duck versus a hundred duck-sized horses?It worked, and he was thinking of whether a horse-sized mallard could kick the way an emu could, when Bucky scratched his side, which just happen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Established Relationship
Crossdressing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

