Chapter 1: 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 


December 2010

 ‘You’re just – you’re insufferable, Mister Stark,’ Coulson states, loosening his tie a bit in perfectly calm and controlled movements, but he is annoyed. ‘I can’t believe you would be that foolish – actually, I should have expected that, after the all the stunts you’re infamous for. It was naïve to hope you could act like an adult for once.’‘I keep being surprised myself,’ Pepper agrees, eying Tony with resignation. ‘And I’ve been working for him for over nine years….’‘I might ask director Fury to have a chat with you –’‘Yes, please, Agent, I’d love to see who pulls your strings, you seem like a  man who wouldn’t just listen to anyone, you know, this straight back you keep and that stone-like face? Unflappable, I can tell, and you can do undercover, you can mingle just fine, I remember seeing you on that gala, right, you blended into the crowd perfectly, if I didn’t have a world-widely recognizable face I would ask you for stealth classes –’‘He never shuts up, does he?’ Coulson sighs. Pepper shakes her head and Tony rolls his eyes. He does shut up, he can keep silent for a long time, JARVIS can attest to that, he just wants some reaction out of this man because it’s not often someone can manage to ignore Tony and his antics, like, this time, telling the world he is Iron Man.Which could have gone more… gracefully, but it was really something.‘You wouldn’t like Director Fury – and there’s some paperwork you will have to do now, Mister Stark.’‘You’ve got forms for superheroes?’‘We have forms for everything,’ Coulson replies icily, as if he was making a promise that Tony will personally see them all. ‘It’s just a formality.’‘I don’t want to be part of that S.H.I.E.L.D. thing,’ Tony states, glancing at Agent’s ID badge again. ‘And the name really sucks, by the way –’‘You don’t have to be a part of anything,’ Coulson states, his perfectly composed self again speaking between the lines – we wouldn’t want you anyway, you are a nuisance – and takes a folder out of his suitcase. ‘We need to keep an eye on you, though, and this isn’t something you have a say in. I’m sure the agent who gets the task will have a lot of fun.’Fun, coming from Agent, sounds like something pretty despicable.‘I’ll make sure he does,’ Tony nods solemnly and takes his suit jacket off, since they are alone in the room. ‘Press out there?’ he asks Happy who is standing in the doorway, dark sunglasses on, lips pressed together.‘I’ve got the Bentley in the back, boss – they are absolutely ravenous now. Wouldn’t respect a man’s privacy,’ he adds with a scowl and Tony laughs loudly. Privacy. That’s his Happy.‘Good,’ Tony states, glancing at his watch. Two p.m. ‘Good, great, perfect, we need to be going now, we’ll go talk to the board tomorrow –’‘Tomorrow is Sunday,’ Pepper reminds him and gets the jacket that he left on the armchair.‘– on Monday, then, even better, that leaves me with a day and a half of a calm rest with the view of the ocean – Jarvis,’ he adds, taking his phone out and talking at it, ‘have everything I’ll need ready when I’m back, down to a smallest screw,’ he pockets the phone and turns around suddenly, clasping his hands. ‘We’ve got to celebrate, right? This is an occasion that calls for celebration – don’t give me that look, Pepper, and don’t even start saying that for me it’s every occasion – I’m sure we’ve got a few bottles of vintage Dom Pérignon somewhere in the pantry –’‘I’m sure you do,’ Coulson murmurs impatiently, but Tony manages to catch the words, and gives the man a wide smile.‘You don’t work Sundays, right? Because working Sundays, as an actual work, Pepper, my workshop doesn’t count, it’s like a blasphemy, people need time to unwind and have a drink or two or a an all-American dinner in front of the tv or something – you could come over, Agent, have a glass of champagne or two, maybe it’s loosen your tongue and help you tell me some interesting secret stories – no, wait, it wouldn’t,’ Tony sighs and Coulson takes advantage of the one second of silence.‘It’s none of your concern if I work Sundays, Mister Stark,’ he says, buttoning the last button of his jacket. ‘All I need is to have this paperwork done ASAP –’‘Oh!’ Tony exclaims happily. He is, possibly, acting a bit over the top at the moment, but he’s just told the world that he is a superhero, so he does have the right to be excited, right? ‘Thanks. Thank you. Happy – let’s go, now, no time to loose, Saturday is passing.’Happy walks out of the room and Tony after him, putting his sunglasses on. Two sets of steps follow.‘Mister Stark,’ Agent’s now slightly angry voice calls from behind; Tony turns around but keeps moving, only walking backwards now, hand clasped behind his back.‘Yes?’‘I need this paperwork. Now.’‘Well, you’ll get it sooner if you tag along,’ Tony offers with a smile and turns around again, catching up with Happy who is smir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Missing Scene
Coulson Lives
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Baking
Slow Build
Donuts
Jarvis knows everything
Inspired by food
Fluff
Pictures of food inside
Recipes

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

