Chapter 1: Part I. Erik.
    




Chapter Text





art by foxkurama




Part I. Erik.

1.The famous St George on the Hill church was smaller than its flattering engravings implied and overburdened with dark-red gold. Erik looked around, struggling to hide his distaste, and tugged at his tie again.“Stop that,” Azazel hissed out of the corner of his mouth. “High-borns don’t fidget.”“This is ridiculous,” Erik grumbled under his breath, but let his hand fall.The collar of his shirt was so heavily starched that it threatened to cut his throat if he dared breathe too deeply, but, as he looked around at the assorted assembly, he knew that his friend had a point. They were all watching him – surreptitiously, of course; they would never stoop so low as to ogle him openly – with quick flicks out of the corner of their eyes and whispered words uttered with smirks behind strategically-placed fans.They were subtle but didn’t make the scrutiny any less oppressive.As the last scion of an obscure European line, in their eyes, Erik was barely nobility – a faint echo of the glorious Eisenhardts, whose house had been steadily decaying for the last two centuries until, finally, the direct line had come to an end. In Europe, it was enough to have the doors open for him, even those of royalty.But here, in America, far away from kings and their courts, aristocracy was the establishment, a power unto themselves. They scoffed at the money he’d made in his business ventures and barely deigned to consider him someone above a common merchant.“It is,” Azazel agreed, pulling Erik’s thoughts away from his furious musings. “But this is why you’re doing this, is it not? To become one of them.”“The cost of doing business,” Erik muttered, wishing his wedding costume wasn’t quite so tight. The tailor had obviously wished to flatter his figure, which was admirable, but now he could hardly move and had already begun to perspire. “I wish they’d hurry up.”Azazel shot him an amused glance and retreated a step – for a better view, no doubt, the smug bastard. He wasn’t of noble blood at all, and Erik knew that most of the people present were regarding Erik choosing him as his best man as a quaint eccentricity at best, and a personal affront at worst. But no matter how frequently Erik reminded himself that this was, as far as everyone was concerned, just another form of a business transaction, he had to admit at last that the proceedings were making him nervous. He gave no outward sign of it, naturally, but the presence of his friend and professional partner was very welcome.A wave of whispers rolled suddenly from the magnificent doors to the altar where Erik was standing, its rise and fall just as fluid. Erik half-turned to look.Kurt Marko was walking down the aisle, his wife, Sharon Xavier, on his arm. His face was sheer gloating, the emotion so obvious it was obscene. But then, during their previous encounters, Erik had already gotten the impression that the man cared little for manners or decent behavior.His wife, in contrast, revealed no emotions whatsoever, not even a small smile of a proud mother – understandable in the circumstances and therefore forgivable. Instead, her face was a blank mask, so indifferent that it was hard to imagine any feeling had ever dared touch it. Her pearly grey dress was the epitome of taste; her spine was irreproachably straight, her chin lifted up in just the right measure to appear arrogant and commanding, but never rude.She was the quintessence of American high society – unapproachable, cold, and reverting.Erik caught Azazel swallowing reflexively and trying to stand up straighter. Erik himself was not so easily intimidated, especially not by someone who relied solely on their blood line to command respect, but even he had reached instinctively for all the ferrous metal in the room. Its ready obedience to his command soothed him.A hush fell over the church as Marko and Sharon strode leisurely to their places, kept empty for them in the first row by Marko’s son, Cain. Marko nodded at Erik with familiarity that made Erik shudder with disgust on the inside. Not that he cared for such things, considering the circumstances, but he was suddenly intensely pleased that Kurt Marko was not a blood relative of his fiancé.The whispers had resumed as the Markos took their places, but not for long. Several tall figures dressed in white appeared in the doorway, and every sound died down, blown off like candles under a gust of wind.Erik’s heart skipped a bit as he peered at the procession, shock making his throat go dry. Surely… surely not. Not even Marko could be so sadistic.But it would appear that he was. Amidst the white-clad figures of acolytes, there was another one, wrapped in black. It was a traditional, ceremonial robe that hadn’t seen the light of day for at least a century in Europe and, as far as Erik knew, was a relic of the past in the New World, as well.Apparently not for Kurt Marko.His stepson – for it could be 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Harlequin
Romance
Arranged Marriage
First Time
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Steampunk
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Charles Is a Darling
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
First Kiss
UST
Slow Burn
Age Difference

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

