Chapter 1



Notes:
Notes —i. HI.  Wow, that hiatus didn’t last long.  I’M STILL ON HIATUS, SHUSH.  This was Erin’s fault.  (Like a single other one of my fics isn’t her fault, honest to goodness.)  This is a discrepancies note, so pay attention.a. Arc reactor.  It’s there.  I tossed this idea back and forth, what I liked better—arc reactor angst or scar angst, and the tech issues argument won, so inconsistency, Tony has the arc rector.b. Clint’s family.  Boo.  I saw an alternative recently on Tumblr where it was his sister, so inconsistency, that’s how we’re playing this.c. Nat/Bruce.  (OH MY GOD, I typed Clint/Bruce the first time, NO.)  It never happened.  It wasn’t a thing.  That was awkward as hell, literally almost as bad as the Steve/Sharon kiss, so nope.  Sorry.  Nat/Clint is the way this ship sails.d. Oh my god, I’m sorry, but Andrew Garfield.  That is how I picture my Peter Parker, and I’m totally down if you want to imagine Tom Holland throughout this, but just a heads up, that’s where I’m drawing all of my inspiration.  So how this works, however, is a huge inconsistency because, basically, I’m just ignoring how Civil War introduced him, and instead going with how I’ve been doing it with all of my previous Marvel fics—Tony or Bruce met him outside of all the chaos.  So, going with this story, Tony and Peter already know each other, Peter’s out of college, and Tony gives him a ring when he needs help.  (YES, THOSE ARE SHAKE IT OUT REFERENCES DROPPED ALL OVER THE PLACE, WHOOPS.)ii. Inspirations!  Not gonna lie, I totally drew inspiration from a couple different pieces of art.  What really kicked it all off was this one, which, oh my god, go read that fic right now, you have to, this is a mandatory requirement.  (Not really, but yes.)  Also, all of the love in the world to hello-shellhead, who not only has created the most realistic, heartbreaking, and just beautiful rendition of Tony ever, ever, in all of her work, but also drew these two, the first of which broke my fucking heart into tiny little shards meant to maim, and the second of which makes me giggle every single time.  And, finally, the one that settled the arc reactor versus heart argument—ow.iii.	Languages.  There are a shit ton.  Off the top of my head, Russian, French, and Romanian, only one of which I can speak semi-fluently, so the rest comes from the good ole Google translate.  All translations (or what I wanted them to be) are bolded next to the text.




Chapter Text

So please watch over me,

And be the light to carry me.

 
Tony hates his scratchy handwriting, hates the oldest fucking phone in the history of the universe that he left on his desk, hates that he was in here and somehow—fuck you, Jarvis, he spits at empty air and doesn’t know how to process this empty silence of Jarvis living inside of someone—he didn’t know, and the only thing he has left is a flight plan to Cairo, fucking Cairo. “This is not relaxing,” is the first thing he says. Bruce’s shoulders sink impossibly low. “Did you know that Cairo is the 17th largest metropolitan area in the world?  In the world, Bruce,” Tony continues, looking around at the drab room Bruce is currently working out of, “Even in these slums, you’re still working in a population of thousands.  Doesn’t seem very calming to me.” “It’s not about being calm,” Bruce says, turning to face him. “It’s about keeping busy, I know,” Tony says, pointedly not meeting his gaze as he pokes at a basket of fruit, wrinkles his nose, and picks up an apple, rubbing it against his suit jacket.  He continues to look around, letting his eyebrows hike up when he sees the state of Bruce’s bed through an ajar door. “Tony,” Bruce says, his voice even, “What do you want?” “I need you to come back,” Tony says, finally shifting his blue eyes to meet Bruce’s brown ones, “I have a problem.” “Call a doctor,” Bruce says, and immediately groans as Tony practically beams at him. “I am,” he says, sounding annoyingly proud of himself, “Granted, this is a bit excessive, flying to Cairo, which, did you know, has a population density of about 19,376 people per square kilometer.  That’s a lot of people to help.” “Did you google Cairo 2016 population on the way over?” Bruce asks. “Obviously,” Tony says, still grinning, “I also read up on the entire history of the city.  Did you know—” “What do you want?” Bruce asks again. “I told you, I have a problem,” Tony says, shrugging one shoulder, “And I hate all those other people.” “Is this about Steve?” “Isn’t it always?” Tony sounds so defeated that Bruce puts down his book. In the end, it happens that Tony is in the worst sort of situation, and he’s just the tiniest bit in love with Steve, though he prefers to look at it as hero worship—because, when he’s actually being honest with himself, and somehow, someway, this always happens with Bruce that he just snips a line open right down his chest and spills his guts onto the floor—and he’s had this idea. “I’m not helping you with this,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
past Steve/Bucky
unrequited Steve/Tony
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Sex
Self-Loathing
Violence
Substance Abuse
they try to kill each other
All the sad
slowest burn of your life
they hate each other for a long time
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
tech issues
ASL
Bucky flirts with everyone
Dogs
mild dubious consent featuring kissing
Angst
Explicit Language

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
past Steve/Bucky
unrequited Steve/Tony
Jane Foster/Thor

