Work Text:
“What is the meaning of this?” Bucky’s voice is a little strangled, a little less measured than he would like, but it’s not everyday that he finds his arms full of Steve Rogers, who’s clinging to him desperately and who seems to be snuffling at his neck.Tony looks at Bruce who looks at Jane who looks at the ceiling.They all look at Bucky when Bucky squeaks but, in his defence, Steve’s teeth have now latched onto the skin of his neck. That’s certainly new.“There was a thing-” says Bruce.“A dog, actually-” says Jane.“Cap kind of snuck up on us,” says Tony. He waves a hand. “You know how he is about animal testing.”“With good reason,” says Clint. “You turned him into a - mmph-” Tony clamps his hand over Clint’s mouth and smiles at Bucky, so brightly that Bucky isn’t remotely reassured.“What happened?” Bucky will keep asking until he gets an answer. If he’s flushed, it’s because he can’t quite ignore the heat of Steve’s body or, wow, that’s Steve’s tongue. Bucky slips his arm around Steve’s waist and tries to guide Steve away, just a little, but Steve lets out a low grumble.“We were experimenting with transfer of consciousness,” says Tony, scuffing his foot against the floor. “Tony wanted to make Dummy more appealing,” says Bruce.“I think Dummy’s quite appealing enough,” says Bucky and the robot in question whirrs peacefully. It appears to be standing guard over a sleeping puppy. “You didn’t hurt the dog, did you?”“What? Of course not,” says Tony. “We have some codes of conduct, you know.”Perhaps it’s something in Tony’s tone but Steve suddenly lifts up his head and growls at Tony. “No,” he says.Bucky doesn’t have time to feel relieved that Steve appears to have retained the power of speech when Bruce sighs. “He doesn’t seem to like it when we argue.” “Or when one of us tries to leave the room,” says Jane.Steve’s face is buried against Buckys neck again but he’s growling now. It’s almost instinct for Bucky to run his hand down Steve’s back soothingly. “So,” says Bucky. “Reverse it.”“Well,” says Tony.“There’s a slight snag,” says Bruce.“It may take some time,” says Jane.“None of us are actually magicians,” says Tony. “Or biologists,” says Clint. Bucky’s not even sure why he’s here. He takes a deep breath. He’s not sure it helps.“Then get in Strange and get in Morse and sort this out.” Bucky tries to push Steve away but Steve clings tighter.“Buddy?” says Bucky. “Cap? Wanna come home with me?”Steve grumbles something unintelligible. “He really doesn’t like it when-” starts Jane. She clamps her mouth shut when Steve nods against Bucky’s throat. “Okay,” says Bucky, curling his hand around Steve’s neck. With as much dignity as he can muster, given the circumstances, he eyes the miscreant scientists. “Fix this.” Captain America apparently has all the instincts of a herding dog and he’s imprinted on Bucky. Bucky figures that they should stay in the Tower to be close at hand for when Strange and Morse manage to undo this mess (and Bucky has to believe that it can be undone). Steve whines when Bucky steps into the elevator and he refuses, point blank, to follow him in, pacing anxiously outside. “No,” he says. “No, it smells funny. It’s small and it smells funny.”Bucky makes a mental note never to ask Stark what might make his elevators smell funny and he squares his shoulders. “Steve, get in here.”“No.”“Steve, come on. We need to go home.”“Smells funny.” Steve digs his heels in. “Stairs.”“Steve, there are ninety flights-”There are actually ninety-three flights of stairs and Steve appears to have boundless energy, rushing ahead of Bucky and then rushing back. “Oh my god, Bucky, this is my favourite.”“I thought I was your favourite.” It’s true. Steve said as much about thirty-three floors ago. “Oh, you are, you are,” says Steve and he smiles at Bucky so blindingly that Bucky blushes. Which is ridiculous, given that Steve has all the enthusiasm and attention span of a puppy right now. When they get to the floor that they share on the rare occasions they stay in the Tower, Steve becomes even more restless, stalking from room to room. “C’mon, Steve, sit down. You’re making me dizzy. C’mon, down boy.”Steve snorts. “Bedtime,” he says. “Bedtime for you?” It’s 9pm. “Bedtime.” Steve comes over to Bucky and tugs at his arm, insistently. “Bossy, aren’t you?” Bucky decides not to admit that he’s kind of wiped after the lengthy vertical ascent. Enhanced or not, he’s pretty sure he’s going to feel it in the morning.“Bedtime,” says Steve again, clearly satisfied when Bucky relents. “Steve? You know this is my room, right?”“Yes,” says Steve, pushing Bucky onto the bed. “You’re my favourite.”“Okay, buddy. I got that.”It turns out that there is nothing more uncomfortable than trying to sleep while Captain America is wrapped around him. It’s sweet and chaste and affectionate and awakens in Bucky all the emotions, pure and otherwise, that he has manfully repressed for years. Somehow, Bucky does sleep, although it’s fitful and inter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Animal Transformation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

