Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For someone who had lost so much time, Steve didn't know what to do with the time he had now. The others had their lives to go back to—Barton and Romanoff to SHIELD, Stark to bringing in his billions— but for him, the more he wandered around this gaudy, crowded, ugly, perversion of New York, the more he felt trapped in some futuristic Stark Expo illusion with no one to hear him screaming to turn the thing off and let him get back to the people he loved on the other side. There was no going back though, no turning off the constant assault of color and noise, and the more he slowly accepted the fact, the bigger the hole grew inside him. There was only so much time Steve could spend drawing. He took to spending hours in the library going through the old newspaper headlines, year after year starting with '45 when his plane had gone down, retracing steps he'd never taken in the stupid hope that filling his head with enough details between then and now would give everything that had changed a sense of logical progression as though he had lived through it all, rather than seeming so sudden. Turns out newspapers were as old-fashioned as he was and that, surprisingly, this "internet" that was the source of all information these days wasn't a Howard Stark invention. When it got too much, Steve found it easier to focus on what had stayed the same. They still had movies, pizza, and baseball, even if the Dodgers had moved to L.A. The world still had bullies too, not just the power-mad like Hitler and Loki, but the everyday kind who only cared about what they wanted and making others feel small and who had no respect for what was decent or right. Steve decided to take up the mission of stopping them wherever he could. He might have slept through the rest of the war, but as long as there were people like that no one who cared about what was right really got to stop fighting, and right now he needed a mission he could believe in to feel connected to something that wasn't grief or loss.He walked the streets and took on bullies of all kinds. He got in the way of the ones who picked on kids scrawny as he used to be. He got involved in a hostage situation inside a bank and protected civilians from a spray of gunfire with his shield. That ended up with Captain America at the center of a "press conference" with lots of fawning over his heroism even though Steve was most proud of the fact that he had been able to render a perfect sketch of the criminals and help the police make an arrest. He chased down criminals on the subway too until he broke some guy's arm trying to stop a purse-snatching. That exploded into what Fury called a "media shitstorm" full of outrage and criticism about vigilante action and superheroes replacing law enforcement. Steve was soundly lectured by the SHIELD higher-ups on what Captain America represented, America itself as a champion of freedom and justice against those who threatened it, not what could be construed as Steve's own brand of "police" brutality and might versus right on the subway. After that, the hole inside Steve got bigger. Captain America seemed more than ever like someone else's invention and the modern world didn't care about what was right or what he stood for as a man, only how things looked to a cynical and paranoid nation through the filter of the TV cameras.Steve thought about what Erskine had wanted, a good man, not a mindless soldier who only fought where he was told. So when the next presidential election rolled around and Steve heard about voter suppression in New Hampshire, he couldn't think of a better cause for Captain America to get involved in. Sure, voting day shenanigans were as old as politics, but that wasn't an excuse to strip people of the rights thousands of men had fought and died to protect, so he put on the suit, got on his bike, and hit the highway.Twenty minutes out and the portable telephone in his pocket rang, the one SHIELD had issued him in case they needed him. It was more a tiny computer than a telephone and Steve was surprised to see the screen light up with Tony Stark's picture."Eyes on the road there, Cap," Stark came on when Steve hit the answer button. He sounded smug. How did he know Steve was on the road? Had he invented himself a crystal ball in that tower of his? Technology in this future had become capable of about everything else. "Stark..." Steve didn't know what to say. He wasn't much of a phone person and he hadn't spoken much to Stark since the Battle of New York. They had run into each other a few times at SHIELD where Steve went on a weekly basis to let their doctors monitor the effects of being frozen for nearly seventy years. They concluded he would age normally from now on. “SHIELD's got something for us," Stark said. "Fury wants the whole team brought in.”“So why isn't he calling?” Stark had made clear he wasn't in the habit of taking Fury's orders. “Actually, I just wanted to see if the old man could figur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Returns
Bucky Barnes Feels
First Time
Misunderstandings
Magical Healing Cock
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Humor
Happy Ending
Light Bondage
Tony Being Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

