Chapter 1



Notes:
Triumph is nearly done so I figured I'd go on and post another one of my works lest I start feeling empty inside without fanfiction to take up all of my time. I like to think that Prometheus Bound will stray from the usual Master of Death stories, beginning with the origin of the Hallows, but in the end you all can be the judge of that. Feel free to let me know what you think in that lovely comment box below.




Chapter Text

A/N: Here lies your first and only warning, this story will contain slash.


Edit 04/26/2018: I thought I knew what I was doing. I swear I thought I did. I planned the story from start to finish, pairings and all. But my muse does love to make a fool of me. The end pairing I had planned was meant to be slash, but the more I write these characters and watch them form outside of the outline I built I’m not so sure anymore. So new warning: there may be slash, there may be no pairing at all. Do with that what you may.


This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He unwrapped it.


Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped. 

"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Hermione. "If that's what I think it is-they're really rare, and really valuable." 
"What is it?" 

Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material. 

"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face. "I'm sure it is-try it on." 

Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell. 

"It is! Look down!" 

Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible.


He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.

 

I open at the close 


The black stone with its jagged crack running down the center sat in the two halves of the Snitch. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone were still discernible. 


And again Harry understood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: they were fetching him.

 "So it all comes down to this, doesn't it?" whispered Harry. "Does the wand in your hand know its last master was Disarmed? Because if it does…I am the true master of the Elder Wand."
 A shaking hand reached out to touch the three objects sitting innocuously on the red and gold comforter but drew back at the last second, as if scared they would burn it. The owner of the partially extended limb was none other than the messy haired, tired eyed Boy-Who-Lived, although before he'd retired to the semi-privacy of his dorms he had heard a few people refer to him as the Man-Who-Conquered. Only a slight step up in his opinion.
Harry took a half step away from his bed and its unwelcome residents; the invisibility cloak, folded neatly into a triangle, with the Elder Wand and Resurrection Stone settled on top of it. He'd gotten rid of them, or at least he had the latter two; he'd left the stone in the forest and, after repairing his ever faithful holly wand, returned the wand to Dumbledore's tomb. And yet here they were, all settled on his bed as if he'd never attempted to get rid of them.
Sighing softly to himself, he reached out and collected the Hallows, it had been a bad idea to leave them there anyway, any mischievous student who decided they wanted to take a jaunt through the Forbidden Forest could stumble across the stone, and the moment some greedy wizard who wanted the most powerful wand in history figured out that Harry was no longer in possession of the Elder Wand, they would turn to where it had been hidden last and find no opposition when retrieving it. If the goblins allowed him to enter Gringotts after his stunt with the dragon, he would hide it in his vault, if not he would find somewhere else to hide the wand and stone, somewhere much less predictable.
Harry tucked the Elder Wand in his back pocket, smiling sadly when the memory of Moody warning him he'd lose a buttock stashing it there came to mind, then threw the invisibility cloak over his shoulders. It would be easier to get out of the castle if he wasn't mobbed by adoring wizards and witches wanting to shake his hand, to kiss their babies, to thank him and tell him they'd never doubted him, when in truth every last one of them had been despairing over the fact that only a seventeen year old Hogwarts dropout stood between them and the Dark Lord. It wasn't that he didn't appreciate their gratitude, he did, but he had hoped that after the war he could just fade into the background, hoped that he could finally be Harry, normal, boring, ordinary Harry. It was a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Time Travel
Master of Death
Or sort of Master of Death
Hydra
Like a LOT of HYDRA
Angst
But when is that new?
Violence
Torture
Conditioning
No Beta
We Die Like Men

fandom: 
None
