Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It's like any other evening in the Tower. Thor's back in Asgard, but everyone else is hanging out in the Commons. Clint and Natasha are sitting on the couch, watching TV. Tony is in the kitchen arguing with Steve about whether one should really consider asparagus food or torture. Bruce is reading a book on the couch and Bucky is reassembling his gun.Peter, however.. Peter is flipping through his homework in the corner of the room, because sitting on the couch with the TV right in front of him would be distracting. Also he really didn't want Clint's opinions on whether or not he's interpreting his English homework of poetry correctly.“You know you can come sit over here,” Natasha mentions, not taking his eyes off the screen, but everyone knows who she's talking to.Peter scans the poem again as he replies, “I'm good here. Don't want Clint to start raving about how a raven is the symbol for death and destruction and all things bird.”“Hey! I resent that!” Clint frowned, mock offended.“Yes, you do,” Natasha patted his arm. “Now shut up, I'm trying to watch TV.” Clint scowls and mutters about how she started it. He shuts up when she elbows him though.“Peter?” Jarvis' voice questions.“Yeah, J? What's up?” Peter asks, looking up from his homework.“There appears to be a guest for you in the lobby,” Jarvis tells him. Peter's brows furrow as he thinks as to who it could be. Natasha flips off the TV as everyone's attention turns to him.“Any idea who it is, J?” Peter questions, deciding he really won't know unless he goes down to see for himself or asks Jarvis, and he'd rather not go down and see because it's better to be safe than sorry.“A mister 'Skip', as he introduced himself,” Jarvis tells him.
Peter's papers crumble under his grip and his books fear they might be next. No one misses the way the color drains from Peter's face and how his body tenses as tight as they've ever seen, maybe tighter. “Send him away, Jarvis,” Peter hoarsely responds. “Make him leave.”
“He says he has something important to discuss with you. Are you sure?”Peter glares up at the ceiling and snaps, “Yes! Tell him to go the fuck away!”“Very well,” Jarvis replies.“Peter?” Steve questions, stepping from the kitchen with worry on his face. Bruce has closed his book and set it aside, slowly moving over to where Peter is curled up on the floor, back against the wall.“Peter,” Bruce softly speaks, “you need to calm down. Breathe slowly.” It concerns him how close to panicking Peter looks, how shaky he is.“Tony,” Steve calls, waiting for Tony to pop out of the kitchen. Tony's enters the room at a run, on edge at how tight Steve's voice is. The inventors eyes land on Peter and he's throwing a kitchen towel on the floor, cautiously joining Bruce just outside of Peter's bubble.
Clint, Natasha and Bucky are standing, stock still with battle ready bodies, because Peter's only ever looked that out of sorts when his aunt died, when the anniversary of Gwen's death came around. “Peter.. Who was that?” Natasha asks and she hates it when she sees Peter flinch and panic enter his eyes again. Everyone sees it and equally hates it.

Blood wells up on Peter's lower lip, the metallic tang on his tongue a disgusting reminder of times already passed. “I'm fine,” he squeaks, voice sounding constricted like he was being strangled. “I'm fine,” Peter repeats again, but it seems more like he's trying to convince himself more than anyone else. They're not sure if that's a good thing. They know they wouldn't believe him, but repetition makes it seem like he can't believe himself.

Bruce reaches hand out when he sees the way Peter's nails are biting into his skin, drawing blood. Peter flinches back. He freezes, eyes wide on their youngest, their adopted family member. “It's okay,” Bruce tells Peter in a soft voice. “I'm not going to touch you.” He pulls his hand away slowly, making sure it remains in Peter's sight. It hurts to see how Peter's eyes follow it back.
“Natasha,” Tony requests in a calm, flat tone. His eyes are staring blankly at Peter, shocked.
The spy slips over the couch without a sound and slowly, following the way Bruce and Tony had, makes her way over to them. She hesitates for a second before she takes it another step forward, entering Peter's space. He doesn't flinch away.

She kneels down in front of him. “Peter?” she keeps her voice gentle and soft. Peter looks up at her, eyes devoid of strength. He doesn't look at anyone else, just keeps his gaze focused on her. Even when Bruce and Tony move away, he doesn't let himself look at the men.

The two remain that way, Natasha still and patient while Peter remains entirely focused on her, oblivious to the looks of worry among the other Avengers. Clint's standing there, watching. The archer's eyes flick over to Tony, who, like Peter, is staring – except it's at Peter. There's a look of heartbreak on his face.

Clint remembers hearing Tony mention once that he'd had a little more forced
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Protective Avengers
Murder
Psychological Trauma
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Dead Aunt May
Superfamily (Marvel)
Tags Are Hard
Tags May Change
Family Feels
Family Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

