Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
"I don't know, Tony," Pepper said, keeping her eyes on the contract she was reviewing."Could you maybe try to know?" Tony requested with a lift of his eyebrows.Pursing her lips, she let out a little sigh, and carefully set her tablet down on the desk. Then she gave Tony a long look. "You're asking me to spy on your daughter."He started to say something, paused and held up his hand, nodded once, and tried again. "No, okay, no. I'm asking you to spend some time with her and tell me what you think.""I do spend time with her," she told him, keeping her voice steady.With everything Darcy'd been through lately, everybody got tense when her name came up. Worry gnawed away at each of them, but Tony watched his daughter tumble into the paths of the bad guys, oh God, probably a half-dozen times over the last year. He wasn't dealing with it very well. Pepper, who'd known Darcy since she was a child, wasn't dealing a whole lot better.Tony squinted a little and scratched at his beard. "Lately, though?""What are you saying?" she asked, eyes narrowing. "If you're suggesting—""Whoa, no, not suggesting. Never, or … I mean. No, what do you think I'm suggesting? Well, no, whatever it is, I'm not doing that." He took a breath, and turned his head, grimacing and watching her out of the corner of his eye. "Since she started talking again. I mean, more than mumbling 'I'm fine'. I'm just … I don't know. She yelled at me for hovering. I wasn't hovering, I don't hover. Unless I'm in the suit, and that's a thing I'm doing for reasons."Pepper bowed her head and laughed. "Oh, Tony."Tony shoved up out of the chair, an explosion of anxiety and nervous energy, and paced to the window, then back to the chair, where he fidgeted and ran his hand through his hair. "No, okay. You are a better judge of this sort of thing than I am. I'm not asking you to spy. Come on. You're Aunt Pep. You know her. I'm … before she goes to London. Just, check in, I guess. Like, I don't know, go to dinner or something.""I was already planning to take her out before she left."Letting out a relieved sigh, he grinned back at her. "Perfect. Then … I wasn't here. We didn't talk about … this stuff. And … " He floundered and sucked in his cheeks. "I'm terrible at this.""A little bit," she agreed, but gave him a fond smile. "But, not as bad as you think. And you always try. I love you for it." No, he wasn't dealing well, but Lord, he was trying so hard."Good, excellent. Thank you." He lifted his chin and cleared his throat. "Love you, too.""Just out of curiosity, how do you think she's doing?" Pepper asked, cocking her head and studying his face. He licked his lips and tapped his fingers on the back of the chair as he thought."I don't know. She's …" he groaned and leaned forward, bracing his hands and dropping his head down. "She's too much like me.""Self-awareness, Mr. Stark? That's new."He gave her a wounded pout. "Hey, okay, you know what?""I'm teasing you, Tony," she told him gently, offering a contrite smile. "But, really, what do you think? She is your daughter.""I think she's shoving it aside, and being the poster boy for avoidance, I recognize it. Sure, okay, I know she's talked to everybody about 1946, but it's like she's marking off a checklist, giving everybody a report. And now she's going to go off to London for a few months, and then she's got that damned base, and she's burying herself under all that." He took a deep breath and gave her a pleading look. "There are ways I don't want her to be like me, you know?"Pepper considered him for a long moment, considered the tightness of his jaw, the lines around his mouth, and the jittery look in his eyes. Standing, she circled her desk and stood next to him, reaching out to brush at the hair on his temples. "We'll go out," she promised him. "I won't take no for an answer."Closing his eyes, he leaned into her hand. "You are, honestly, the best.""I am," she agreed and gave him a quick peck on the lips. "Okay, I have a meeting in five, and you have work to get back to.""And now you're off the list of the best," he told her, sighing regretfully and shaking his head.She laughed and gave him a little shove toward the door. "Go away, Tony."***It was true that Pepper hadn't spent a great deal of time with Darcy recently. They were busy; all of them.When Tony destroyed his suits two Christmases ago, Pepper didn't let herself truly believe that was the end of Iron Man. Sure enough, he built another suit three months later when aliens invaded London and Darcy was in the line of fire. He didn't get to use it; Dr. Foster and Thor neutralized the threat before he could move, and Darcy escaped the incident unharmed. Thank God. But, then a cache of Stark weapons turned up in Indonesia. And not long after that, SHIELD fell and Hydra revealed themselves for the first time in decades. There was no putting Iron Man back in the box after that.For her part, Pepper did what she could to make sure the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Stark Family Relationship
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Jane Foster/Thor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

