Work Text:

Tony swallows, his mouth a little on the dry side, while two sets of fingers slide in and out of his ass. He’s on all fours, forehead pressed against the pillow of the bed, moaning while his partners open him up.

He adjusts his blindfold just as Bucky’s finger – he assumes it’s Bucky’s finger because Bucky is always just a little rougher, a little less hesitant – presses against his prostate, and Steve adds a second finger to the mix.

The third intrusion burns a little, but Tony just moans and presses back into it, the pressure on his prostate easily counteracting any displeasure from the stretch.

“You ready?” Bucky asks, ducking down to speak lowly in his ear. His voice is controlled, hoarse. “You good enough?”

“Don’t rush him, Buck,” Steve says, those two fingers sliding in deep, scissoring a little to test how open Tony’s hole is for them.

“Don’t – 

oh

 – don’t tease, sweetheart,” Tony moans.

“I’m not teasing, I just want to make sure you’re ready. Don’t wanna hurt you,” Steve says, pressing a kiss to Tony’s other ear. His fingers are still moving, still working in him, and Bucky’s adding another finger as well.

There’s a little bit of discomfort, but not enough for Tony to complain. If he’s honest, he’s always liked the stretch and burn of being opened up, the slickness of lube and the way his asshole opens under their ministrations.

He may not have complained, but his body must have shown a hint of protest. Steve’s free hand runs soothingly along his flank, across his ribs, down his hip to his thigh. He caresses the inside of Tony’s groin, gently pushes Tony’s leg out so he’s spreading a little more.

“You okay, Tony?” he asks. 

“G-good. Feels good,” Tony manages.

A hot, wet kiss on the base of his spine, then another one a little lower, until someone’s tongue – there’s a brush of long hair on his ass cheek, it must be Bucky – is lapping at the rim of his hole, the stretched, puckered skin trembling a little at the sensation, before it starts to relax a little more.

“That’s it,” Steve says, nipping at Tony’s earlobe a little. Tony moans, and it’s sharp like a gasp. “That’s good, isn’t it? What if Bucky just stayed down there? Could you come like that?”

Tony moans and pushes back into the contact, fingers clenching and digging into the duvet.

“Thought we were gonna play a game?” Bucky asks, and Tony whines because he had to pull away to speak. 

“You still wanna play?” Steve asks in his ear. 

“Christ, yes,” Tony grits out, thrusting back on the fingers in him. A couple more strokes, and then both Steve and Bucky are pulling away, pulling back, until Tony can’t feel either of them. He feels the bed move as they both stand up, and he can hear wet smacking sounds. 

“Fuck, no making out when I can’t see you,” he moans. “Not fair.”

“You’re fine,” Bucky says, but the sound doesn’t stop, so Tony assumes Steve is kissing some other part of Bucky’s body that isn’t his mouth. “You big baby.”

Tony can hear the smirk in his voice. Well, joke’s on him – Tony’s going to win this little game, and then they’ll see who’s laughing.

“You ready?” Steve asks from the foot of the bed. Tony readjusts himself, moves his elbows a little to brace his torso and spreads his legs further apart.

“Been ready since the second finger,” he mutters, wiggling his behind a little. 

He’s rewarded with a glancing slap, just a little, on his right cheek. 

“Remember,” Bucky says from somewhere behind him. “Don’t come until we tell you.”

Then there are strong thighs crowding up against the back of his own, slick fingers dipping into his ass, and then the thick head of a cock pushing in, and Tony is moaning, long and low, as he’s breached, opened, stretched. The hard length of it doesn’t stop moving until it’s seated all the way in, until he’s completely filled, until flat hips are pressed against the curve of his ass.

“Fuck, that’s so good, baby,” Tony says, pushing back into it. He’s not sure which one of them has entered him first – which is kind of the point of the game. The rules are simple – Steve and Bucky are going to take turns fucking him, and he has to try and guess which one has got their cock in him. Neither of them is going to touch him with their left hands, because that would be too easy to guess, and neither of them is going to make a sound. Tony will only have the way they fuck to be his guide.

Typically, Bucky is rougher, but he’s mentioned that to both of them before – that Steve will fuck him slow and easy until he’s begging, gasping, tears running down his face, pleading to come, but that Bucky will fuck him hard and fast until his orgasm slams into him like a freight train, like coming is a complete shock to his system – so if they have any sense they’ll try and meet in the middle to make it harder for him.

So far, Tony’s just enjoying the feel. Bucky and Steve are pretty close to the same size, so Tony doesn’t really have an advantage there. 

The cock in him is stroking in and out, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Light Dom/sub
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Come Eating
Come as Lube
Rimming
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome
Spitroasting
Blindfolds
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Barebacking
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

