Work Text:
Steve did his level best not to hover while Bruce patched Loki back together. He definitely did better than Thor, but that wasn’t saying very much. Thor looked like he was going to plough a ditch in the floor, and kept half turning for the stairs only to stop midway through the motion. Natasha had just barely managed to convince him that Bruce needed space to work, and Steve wasn’t sure how long it was going to last. “I’m just going to put in a word for how I’m overall not happy about this,” Tony said, for probably the fourth time. “Yeah,” said Clint, not quite snapped. “You’ve said.” Natasha rested a hand on his arm. They weren’t looking at Steve, but it was so brutally obvious that it was almost worse. What were they thinking? He wondered if they’d thought his silence meant he was no longer speaking to Loki. Wondered if Tony had told the others about the dinner. His emotions were a tangle, and if first was worry-They needed to call SHIELD, let them know. If they didn’t, sooner or later they’d find out, and that would be worse. But SHIELD would want Loki in custody, locked down under guard, and – Thor won’t allow it, he told himself, and besides, we’re better equipped to deal with him, but he had a sinking feeling those were excuses. He didn’t want to put Loki in SHIELD’s hands. He knew they did things he would never condone, and he didn’t think they’d have a lot of qualms about skimping on humane treatment in Loki’s case. And besides – of course he couldn’t know, but it looked like Loki’s luck had run out, and whether this was Doom’s revenge or something else…He’d said they could arrange something that wasn’t just a four walled cage, if Loki came to them. A long time ago, sure, but he’d still said it. And he had come, whatever the circumstances. Of course, a small but brutally practical part of his mind supplied, it won’t matter if he doesn’t survive. He buried the thought.“Hey, Cap,” Tony said suddenly, awkwardly. “It’ll be fine. I mean…Asgardians. Bounce like – a really bouncy thing. Nothing keeps ‘em down. Especially Crazy Train over there – is this not helping? Does someone else want to – it’s like looking at a depressed puppy.” Tony’s laugh was a little forced. “I’m not going to say anything,” Clint muttered. Steve could almost see him vibrating with tension, and ugly guilt joined the tangle of feelings in his chest.“You don’t need to…” Steve grimaced. “It’s fine.” He pushed down faint, irrational frustration that they didn’t get it. How would they, he reminded himself, Loki wasn’t talking to them. Just him. And Tony was right besides. Loki had come here before any of this had – it didn’t mean anything. Just that he knew they wouldn’t take advantage. Just that he chose to take refuge here and not somewhere else. What if he dies? If this is about Doom, it’ll be, at least a little, because of you. Steve pushed that thought away too and sat up as Bruce emerged from the elevator, looking exhausted. Thor leaped forward at once. “My friend, is he – are you-”“Go ahead,” Bruce said, sounding almost completely beaten. “Though just be aware…” Thor was off before he finished the sentence. Steve felt another pang of guilt. Thor. Have you even thought about what this must be doing to him? Bruce sighed a little and rubbed his nose. “Okay. He’s…okay. In one piece. More or less.” Bruce’s eyes flicked to Steve. “Though if there’s someone out there who can do that kind of damage to someone of Loki’s caliber…”“We’re not in danger,” Steve said. “Or at least…he said. Seemed pretty sure of that much.” Clint shifted. “Are we sure this is the real – that this isn’t some kind of-”“Yeah,” Bruce said, voice not quite flat. “I’m pretty sure even Loki’s not crazy enough to vivisect himself.” Clint went perhaps a shade paler. Steve felt vaguely sick. Experiments, he thought, and was just that little bit more sure. “Anybody sign their work?” Tony asked dryly, but his voice wobbled slightly. Bruce shook his head. “Not exactly, though based on some lingering radiation traces-” Bruce glanced at Steve and then quickly away. “-I’d say Doom’s involvement seems likely.” Steve’s mind flashed to Loki as he’d been just a few weeks ago – worried? Hardly. Victor suspects nothing, and if he did, I hardly think his toys sufficient to cause me trouble.Of course, that could have been a lie. Whatever had happened…“Is he going to survive,” Natasha asked bluntly, “or should we brace for the natural disaster?” They all glanced toward where Thor had exited, and Steve felt himself – almost flinch. He tried to suppress it. Bruce shook his head, though. “No, I think…I don’t think so. I don’t really know, I don’t know how that all works. I took the liberty of dosing him with enough depressants to kill a horse, but it looks like he’ll pull through.” Clint leaned back and crossed his arms, expression wiped carefully blank. Natasha’s hand brushed his shoulder in what could have been an accidental motion. “Then we’ve got some time,” Natasha said coo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
the gang's all here
Aftermath of Violence
Aftermath of Torture
Conversations
Loki's a goddamn mess
yep still some things don't change
no kissing in this one awww :(
is it a redemption arc if it's unintentional
dear diary Loki has issues
in other news the pope is Catholic
Thor and Steve talk about their Feelings
Protective Steve
Nightmares
I could probably tag this more things if I felt like it
Loki's Trust Issues
are basically another character
emotions are hard

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

