Work Text:
"Peter? You doin’ okay?"
Peter had pulled the webbing tight around the unconscious robber, fighting off a wave of nausea when Tony’s voice filtered through his earpiece.
"I'm fine, Tony," he repeated the answer he'd been saying for the past hour, trying to reign in his annoyance. This is the last time I'm ever telling him I don't feel good... "It's just a cold."
"Well, don't push yourself," Jessica joined in as she came up, resting her hand on his shoulder. "We can take it from here, if you wanna go home and rest."
"It's okay," he said in exasperation, stretching out his aching arms. "We're almost done here. I can wait." He swallowed tightly before adding on, "But...I might need tomorrow or something off."
“That’s perfectly alright, Peter,” Steve said as Jessica was pulled off by a police officer. “But just go back to the tower right now.”
“Yeah,” Tony chuckled as he landed next to them, the mask folding back to reveal his smirking face. “You almost swung into a building three times. Can you even walk in a straight line?”
“Shut up,” he grumbled, embarrassed.
Peter’s body was practically screaming for him to go home and sleep. Or give in to temptation and curl into a ball in the back seat of one of those police cars. That was starting to sound more and more like the better option here. But his conscience wouldn’t let him give up without a fight, nagging (in a voice that sounded distinctly like Aunt May) at him to not make their lives harder and to do his share of work.
The nagging was silenced, though, when Natasha threatened to knock Peter unconscious and carry him home.
Making sure one last time that the rest of the team was okay by themselves, Peter grabbed his backpack and took of swinging towards the Tower, immediately stopping after a few swings to heave in the corner of an alley.
Holy God, why oh why did he think it would be a good idea to swing back home when he felt like he was going to throw up just by standing? Stupid, stupid, stupid…
When Peter felt like it was safe, he rummaged around in his back and located his cellphone. He called Happy, garbling out the street name and asking for the driver to come get him. Happy immediately said he would be there in five minutes. Six if there was traffic.
Peter pulled on the jeans and hoodie from the bag over his uniform, lazily tugging his mask off. Happy was there in what Peter guessed to be five minutes, but everything was kind of blurring together and his head felt so hot it was hard to think.
Happy kept glancing worriedly at him through the rearview mirror during the drive, asking if he was feeling alright or if he was going to throw up. Peter mumbled a response, leaning his forehead against the tinted window.
When they reached the garage(s) of Stark Tower, Happy quickly hopped out and helped Peter into the elevator, clucking the whole time about how he should be taking better care of himself and not pushing his boundaries so far. Only a fourth of it made it past Peter’s ears, but the teenager bobbed his head up and down mechanically in agreement anyways.
He stumbled towards the bathroom as soon as they reached the right floor, curling around the toilet and throwing up. Happy hovered over him worriedly, while JARVIS’ came through the hidden speaker and asked if he should call Dr. Banner.
“Yes.”
“No.”
Happy gave Peter a disbelieving look. “You must be joking,” he stated. “You’re so sick you can barely get a syllable out before throwing up. JARVIS, call Mister Banner.”
“I already have, sir.”
“But—“ Peter weakly protested before he started throwing up again.
“I would tell you to shut up, but I think your body is already doing an excellent job of that,” Happy pursed his lips. “You just stay here and finish up while I go wait for Mr. Banner.” Physically unable to respond with anything more than a wave, Peter let Happy go.
It turned out that Bruce was gone on a trip to a remote village in India to help with a string of sicknesses that had popped up. The area didn’t have any cellphone coverage, and Happy quickly turned down JARVIS’ suggestion of sending out a squad of SHIELD agents to retrieve him.
Peter was in a daze throughout this exchange and the next few hours. He was vaguely aware of Happy half-carrying, half-dragging to his room and setting him on his bed when his stomach had settled down. Later, of someone lifting him into a sitting position so he could take pills with a few swigs of water.
When he was finally aware of his surroundings, there was a cool hand running through his hair soothingly and someone sitting next to him. He groaned and pressed into the cool hand, the owner of it letting out a relieved sigh.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Steve murmured. “How are you feeling?”
“Terrible,” Peter whimpered, rolling onto his back. “What time is it?”
“It’s only seven. You’ve only been asleep for a few hours.” Steve reached over and grabbed the bottle of Gatorade from the bedside table, picking up two pills as well.
Peter felt bile well up in the back of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
sick!Peter
Superfamily
Protective!Avengers
Wade's a sweet boyfriend
But the team is obligated to give him a hard time
especially when they walk in on him in bed with Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

