Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Manhattan is burning, two SHIELD agents have gone rogue to fight their own war and a ticking time bomb is the one thing standing between humanity and oblivion. If there is one thing Nick Fury knows how to play, however, it's bad odds; and if there is one thing Nick Fury always has an abundance of, it's aces up his sleeve. This is how the game is won.
Before Hill can start barking orders at the still dazed-looking agents on the bridge, Nick stops her.
'Get communications back online. I want eyes and ears at ground zero, stat.' He pauses. Hill's brow furrows.
'Sir?'
'Activate codename Winter Soldier,' he says. It's not a split-second eleventh hour judgement call. It's a calculated strategic decision. Desperate times, desperate measures. 'They're going to need him down there.'
This is how the game is won: aces up sleeves and playing bad odds, and Nick Fury is a master of both.
~
Dust is settling, and in his entire life Steve hasn't felt this sort of bone-deep exhaustion. Not when he was a ninety-pound asthmatic and three flights of stairs made him wheeze like an old man, not in the trenches with not nearly enough rations to satisfy his metabolism, not when he was angling the plane's controls downwards and trying — however ineptly — to say his goodbyes, not even when he first woke up and nothing, not a single thing, made any sense.
Dust is settling. Steve lets himself sit on an overturned car and rest his hands on his knees and just breathe for a moment. Bruce is alive; Stark is alive; Barton and Romanoff are alive; Thor, of course, is alive. This must be what winning feels like, but the taste of it on Steve's tongue is indistinguishable from ashes and smoke. The smell is sharp and sweet, but then again it might just be blood.
Maybe it would be better if the casualty lists weren't still ringing in his ears, from where Stark patched their comm link through to the NYPD radio channel.
Then again, maybe winning just ain't what it's cracked up to be.
'You okay?'
Steve lifts his eyes to the one agent whose name he didn't catch in the chaos. Agent or soldier; his jacket doesn't carry any SHIELD insignia, and his mask is something he hasn't seen any other operative wear. Next to Romanoff and Barton he looks alien, but the rifle slung across his shoulder is a comfortingly familiar sight to Steve.
'Fine,' he says. He gets up and resists the impulse to dust off his own uniform. It would take a hazmat team to make it clean again. 'Sorry, we haven't —' Steve stops and clears his throat. We haven't been formally introduced sounds ridiculous. 'Sorry.'
It's hard to decipher the agent's expression from behind the mask, and he must sense Steve trying. With a tired sigh he takes it off, revealing an equally tired smirk. They fought back to back what seems like moments ago, and the leftover adrenaline is still buzzing in Steve's veins.
'Codename Winter Soldier,' the agent says. He cocks his head to one side, and the look in his eyes is almost challenging.
'That's kind of a mouthful.'
'I save nicknames for second dates,' says the Winter Soldier. Steve barks out a surprised laugh; it's the last thing he could have been expecting.
He opens his mouth to counter that — something about the way the Winter Soldier is eyeing him up makes Steve want to try for a witty comeback (that, and he remembers thinking he could have used someone like that back in the war, and it's the first time he's thought of his team from the war with anything but overwhelming ache) — but then Thor swoops in, looking as weary and human as a god ever could. He looks between Steve and the Winter Soldier.
'We have located the shawarma place of which Stark spoke,' he says. 'The rest are already there. Will you join us, my friends?'
'I could eat,' Steve admits. Food does sound good; food and about fifty hours of sleep, but he can settle for just one of those things.
The Winter Soldier shrugs, but then his smirk gets wider. The expression looks good on him, reckless and handsome, and Steve's fingers itch for a pencil. He only laughs when the Winter Soldier gives an exaggerated bow, saying, 'After you, Captain Rogers.'
~
Barton stops him outside the shawarma joint, and it takes a few tries and a lot of awkward throat-clearing before he manages to get out, 'Cap, look, this isn't a good idea.'
'Excuse me?'
'Him,' says Barton, jerking his chin in the direction of the entrance, where — right. Where the Winter Soldier just disappeared, and where Steve was set to follow him. 'He's not…'
Steve waits, but Barton doesn't finish. 'He's not what?'
'Not like me or Natasha.' Barton rubs the bridge of his nose. 'He's not just an agent. He's not like anyone else. Getting close? Not a good idea.'
SHIELD has been controlling, or trying to, every step Steve's taken in the 21st century. He knows Barton must mean well but all it does is make Steve want to rebel. He's had enough control and meddling, enough being handled with kid gloves and above all else he's had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

