Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With a sigh, Fandral smoothed out his waistcoat and sped up to match Volstagg's pace. He took a last look back towards the ball they were leaving and saw Hogun and Sif dancing before the crowd moved and blocked the spinning couple. It was a ball to celebrate the continuous victory of Asgard against Jotunheim as well as the announcement of Prince Thor's engagement to Jane Foster of Midgard. In addition to Thor being united with a woman he loved, it meant that he would become ruler of Midgard. With all the new territory that Asgard was gaining in the war, there would be more than enough for both Asgardian princes to lord over. Although Loki wouldn't have as much power or land as Thor, the man seemed rather content as of late and hadn't been picking fights. Fandral had first hand accounts of the tensions between the Thor and Loki years before and was relieved that a battle within the court was far less likely to happen. There truly was much to be thankful for in Asgard tonight. Though if he could just steer Volstagg back to the dance floor and adoring women who swooned over soldiers in uniform... "Must we?" whined Fandral. "The kitchens have provided a fine selection of desserts for all-""I swear to you, a servant carried a tray of the most delectable confections. Ones that would make the selection in the dance hall look like helpings from Jotunheim camps," Volstagg claimed. By now, they had turned enough corners so that the ball was out of sight and the joyous noise was just a whisper. "But if we send an inquiry to the kitchens-""I believe he mentioned the private library," Volstagg cut Fandral's plea short and let out a cry of victory when he found the right door. They both entered the dimly lit library and much to Fandral's surprise, a series of three tiered dessert trays were sitting on the desk. Volstagg headed straight over while Fandral took a look around. The private library was where many ancient texts and historical accounts of the royalty of Asgard were kept. Some documents were not for  the eyes of the public and as far as Fandral knew, the doors were normally kept locked. The fact that it was open and waiting for someone made him feel uneasy. Fandral closed the door quietly behind him and slowly made his way towards Volstagg."My friend, I feel as if we are intruding," Fandral admitted."Just try one and then-" The sound of the doorknob turning and the giggle of a woman alerted the two warriors that they were half caught. They headed straight to the large, floor length curtains and hid behind them. It was dark enough by the windows that they were confident no one would see them occasionally peek through the drapes. Fandral was thankful that the soldiers had been ordered to not carry visible weapons that night. It made hiding much easier. When Loki stumbled through the door with Darcy Lewis, one of Jane Foster's ladies-in-waiting, both soldiers raised their brows. Fandral had a short romance with her when Foster first visited the Asgardian court but had not given her much thought once it was over. She'd been too much of a tease for his tastes. Neither Fandral nor Volstagg knew she was on cordial terms with the second prince. With a smirk, Loki closed the door and pinned a smiling Darcy against it before kissing her with fervor. That made Fandral and Volstagg eyes widen and exchange a look of surprise. But Fandral couldn't help rolling his eyes when he saw Volstagg had stolen a tray of confections. Volstagg shrugged and offered Fandral a dessert and realising that they may stay behind the curtain for a while, he took one. He had to admit, they were quite paradisal with the overt sweetness being held back ever so slightly by tangy fruit. Despite their deliciousness, Fandral wasn't sure if accidently being caught snooping on Loki was worth it.  Soon after taking a few more desserts, they focused on the kissing couple once more. The only woman they could remember Loki showing any interest in was Sigyn. It ended rather badly despite the King's vocal approval of the union. If Fandral’s sources were correct (and they normally were), Sigyn’s recent and rushed marriage to an older duke had been arranged due to a soon to come pregnancy announcement. There weren’t any signs to indicate that the child belonged to Loki. In fact, Fandral had started to wonder if Loki favored the company of men over women and was simply using Sigyn as a means to prevent rumours. Fandral would have to find new sources because this new development obviously slipped past their ever-listening ears. The kiss between Loki and Darcy continued, heat mounting by the second as hands skimmed over clothing and what little bare skin there was. Behind the curtains, Fandral and Volstagg shifted uncomfortably. Darcy seemed much more willing to lose her inhibitions with Loki. Flirty kisses and longing words were the only presents Fandral had been given by the Midgardian lady-in-waiting. Fandral wondered if that was due to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Past Darcy Lewis/ Fandral
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe
Time Period: 18th Century
Angst
Romance
Lovers Spat
Volstagg is a romantic
Warriors Three Hijinks
Sif gets shit done
Arranged Marriage
Court life is complicated
Sometimes blackberries just mean blackberries
and sometimes they don't
Allemandes
Don't touch Sif's hair
Sigyn is here to fuck your shit up

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Past Darcy Lewis/ Fandral
Jane Foster/Thor

