Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve had been given dossiers on the Avengers Initiative, with a metaphorical wink and the statement, "It's an old, defunct project. But you might find it of interest."
He had. There were four files, then -- Clint and Thor would come later. As it stood, there was a giant green ogre like something out of a fairy tale, a Russian woman trained as a spy, himself, and Anthony Stark.
Anthony was eighteen years old, a fighter of some renown in this new world. When he was sixteen, already an orphan, he'd been abducted and held for ransom by a gang of would-be terrorists while on a trip with his father's business partner, Obadiah Stane. Stark promised to make the rebels weapons and instead had built a sort of walking tank, immensely powerful, and escaped. He'd returned to America a more-or-less hero, and announced that when he inherited the company at twenty-one he would shut down weapons manufacturing. Obadiah Stane -- still his legal guardian, then -- had died in a second attempt to kill him.
A woman named Virginia Potts had seized control of his company and guardianship of Stark, but SHIELD said Stark directed the company's progress through her. Potts had already discontinued their defense contracts and steered the company towards technology. Others had died since, trying to kill Stark (and Potts) or steal what was his.
Anthony was a child with blood on his hands. Steve understood the feeling. And yet -- the Iron Man armor had been withheld from the military for as long as it could be, and Stark didn't fight on any particular side. He fought for himself, defended only himself.
He was also Howard's son, fathered in the twilight of Howard's life with a very young, a scandalously young wife. He'd been raised mostly by tutors and household staff, but Howard had clearly had some influence before he died. Even in the flat, static photographs, Steve could see Howard's defiant, clever spark in his son's eyes, the father's closed-off self-interest in the boy's expression. Anthony was so thoroughly modern, a part of this self-obsessed era of America, and his antics in the press were outrageous if even half of them were true.
The first time they met, Anthony was loud rock music and strange nicknames, eyerolls and sarcasm and pointed remarks (perhaps Steve took them rather more pointedly than intended) about his age. Then, between his own angry confusion about the twenty-first century and Loki's staff prodding them all into antagonism, he perhaps hadn't shown Anthony as much compassion as he could have. Of course the boy fought for himself; he had to defend what was his, and nobody else would do it while men thirty years older than him were trying to kill him because of corporate politics.
Anthony's voice had been so young when he'd taken control of the bomb, that day they fought the Chitauri.
"You know that's a one-way trip," Steve had said.
Anthony hadn't answered. And Steve had given him at least this much respect: he hadn't told him he was too young for that sacrifice. After all, he'd seen younger men die in war.
The day they sent Loki and Thor home, Anthony had come up to him, all gangling limbs and high cheekbones and messy hair, and stuck out his hand and said, "Pleasure working with you, Captain."
"You too," Steve had replied, shaking the offered hand. Dr. Banner and a tall, pretty redheaded woman were waiting nearby.
"I guess I gotta go," Anthony said.
"That your girl?" Steve asked, tipping his head slightly at the woman.
"Hah! I wish. She runs Stark Industries, that's Pepper."
"Are all of you kids?" Steve asked, and had then instantly regretted it.
Anthony just grinned. "She's twenty-nine, she'll be flattered. Made her first millions writing code for social media when she was fifteen, but she likes business better. Got her MBA at twenty. I don't call us kids; I call us prodigies. She's setting Dr. Banner up on the payroll, I'm giving him a lab."
"Generous of you."
"It's Dr. Banner," Anthony said, a note of awe in his voice. "I've been studying his work since I was twelve. Hey, is that your ride?" he added excitedly, peering past Steve at his motorcycle.
"Yeah, I was thinking of doing some traveling," Steve said.
"What've you got, eighty horsepower?"
"Hundred and twenty."
"Is it street legal?"
"I won't tell if you won't," Steve said, and then on impulse, "Want a ride? I can leave you at the Tower."
"PEP!" Anthony yelled, cupping his hands around his mouth. "I'm riding with Cap! See you back at the Tower!"
Ms. Potts made an annoyed face and began shepherding Dr. Banner towards a waiting car. Steve, pleased that at least something impressed the kid, tossed Anthony his helmet and straddled the bike.
"At your service, Stark," he said, and the young man hurried onto the bike behind him, wrapping an arm around his waist, helmet knocking gently against Steve's shoulder. "Or do you prefer Anthony?"
"Tony's fine," he said, flipping the visor down. It didn't in the least muffle his whoop of enthusia
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Age Difference
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

