Work Text:
 Tony sat up from his slouchy position on the couch as Steve, Natasha and Thor entered the room. Clint gave a halfhearted wave of his hand over his shoulder, eyes still glued to the screen were Person of Interest played. The archer was more laying than sitting on the couch, his not used hand clutching a bag of potato-ships with bacon taste that he wanted all to himself. Bruce was sitting on the other side of Tony, one elbow propped on the armrest of the couch, head resting against the palm of his hand. Tony watched as the rest of the Avengers joined them, settling into various places.“Which episode is this?” Natasha asked.“21 of first season.” Bruce answered, before Clint whined and the rest chuckled.“Such a baby.” Tony muttered. Clint flipped him the bird without even looking away from the large television screen. Two seconds later, everyone was watching the show in a comfortable silence. That is, until Thor started asking about the show in his usually loud voice. Clint whined again and Steve put a hand on Thor's shoulder, silencing him. Tony watched all the time, heat flaring up inside when he saw the captain touch his teammate, even if it was in a friendly manner. Tony grunted and got up, stalking out of the room, waving over his shoulder and muttering something about work left in his workshop. It took him one second to realize Steve was following him. The big alpha caught up with him at the elevators. Steve grabbed his elbow gently, tugging. Tony grunted again, turning, but not happily so.“What?” he asked, maybe a tad too moody. Steve didn't seem to notice, and if he did, he didn't show it. The blonde's eyes roamed his for a while before the flickered down, then up again. Tony swallowed. He was well aware of how they were compatible, but they never acted on it. Sometimes Tony wasn't even sure Steve was aware of how well they fit together. They argued, a lot. They would yell at each other like a married couple, domestic and totally not fairly. After those times, Clint sometimes unconsciously called Steve dad. It had been hilarious how the archer had turned a dark shade of red before he crawled up into the vents and hid for three hours. It was a surprise that none of the others on the team was like Tony and Steve. They were all beta's except for Thor and Hulk. They knew Thor was a god, so such things as hierarchy didn't apply the same way to them. As for Hulk, they weren't sure, they had guess he was something in between an alpha and a beta. Steve opened his mouth and closed it again with actually saying anything so Tony shrugged and turned away. They'd somehow begun to get along better lately, and getting all hot-alpha-sex-domination thing in between them might not be what they needed, or at least, that's what Tony thought.“Tony.” Steve's voice was as it's usual. Deep, with an unusual dark tone that sent thrills of sheer excitement down his spine, looping around his hips and down between his legs. Tony cursed his body for reaction in such a way for another alpha. It wasn't that he didn't want to be with another alpha, it's what they'd do, but Tony wasn't all to keen on having Captain America in his bed. He liked him, he did and had since he was a child listening to Howard's stories of courageous Captain America saving the day, but he was unsure as to how it'd work. Steve was as much of an alpha as he was, if not more. Steve's practically screamed alpha hormones when he was in the room. It made Tony's toes curl and his breath to come out short.“What's up cap?” Tony asked, trying to keep his mind in focus. Which was getting down to his workshop, get some work done and then take a shower, maybe jerk of at the image of some hot, muscled, blonde- wait, what? Tony stopped in his tracks, finger hovering right in front of the elevator button. He closed his eyes for a second, then he opened them, realizing Steve was talking. About what, he didn't know. Tony turned, staring at Steve in his usually I'm-not-following-look. Steve stopped, sighed and dragged a hand down his face, his other resting on his hip like a scolding mother.“You didn't hear a thing, did you?” he asked. Tony gave slight grin, tilting his head slightly.“Nope..” he chirped. Steve raised an eyebrow, then he groaned.“As I was saying, it's Clint's birthday two days from now and..” Tony tuned him out on purpose this time. He knew about the birthday, why else were they watching Person of Interest marathon in the first place? The damn beta had talked about it for DAYS, and it was annoying the hell out of him, even if he was glad the archer could finally have something resembling to a gathering of friends he so obviously never had. Tony blinked a few times, then he saw Steve's hand in front of his face, waving before same hand moved out of his sight, grabbing his shoulder none to gently.“Ouch, cap, what-” he was cut short when he was pushed against the doors of the elevator, Steve leaned almost over him with his big bulk of a body. It was times
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Alpha/Alpha
Just porn really
PWP
Heavy porn too
Livestream again
Poooooooooooorn
Knotting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

