Work Text:
The tower was dark and quiet when Darcy first arrived, Jane and two suitcases that contained their worldly possessions in tow. She still remembered those days: when Tony didn't smile and Jane stared off into space more often than not. When getting either one of them to eat or sleep felt like a hard-won battle every damn time. When Darcy got drunk a couple of times just because she needed an excuse to shove her face into a pillow and scream until her throat was hoarse.Because things between Pepper and Tony were still weird then, and Thor was god knows where, and Rhodes was still recuperating, and Vision didn't really help because Tony flinched every time he came near. It was just Darcy working against a constant, uphill battle, like that old Greek myth about the guy who was sentenced to an eternity of pushing a bolder up the hill only to have it roll back down to the bottom.Now, though."Incoming!"Darcy twisted, a rush of glee slicing through the exhaustion as the suit responded. She brought one hand up and shot a repulsor blast right into the face of the robot that had just tried to slice her in two. From overhead, Jane swooped down looking like some kind of ancient goddess and cleaved the son of a bitch in half. The robot fell to the ground in a shower of sparking remains. Jane grinned at her and Darcy let the faceplate slide up, grinning back helplessly. "Good job, guys," Laura shouted in their ears. "Whoops!" Then she laughed, and an arrow shot over Darcy's head to nail another robot in the eye. It sank backwards, beeping in alarm, and Jane spun around and took it out easily."Nice," Darcy said appreciatively, intending the compliment for both of them. Laura got off another arrow, felling a fifth robot, before waving cheerfully. Beside her, Sharon stabbed one robot, sending it careening into a second; she got her hands into the wires of the second robot and yanked them out savagely. Fire shot over their heads, blazing the remaining three robots to a crisp. Pepper jogged over, looking as cool and crisp as she had when she'd rolled out of bed that morning. Darcy eyed her, wondering a little jealously what Pepper's secret was. There had to be something behind the ability to always look perfect."That's the last of them," Sharon said over the communicators. "SHIELD's on their way. I think we're good to head home.""Sounds good to me," Darcy said. "Anyone need a lift?"She flew down a little lower and held her arms out, letting Laura and Sharon each take a side. Pepper grabbed onto Jane. As reporters started converging on the scene, they took off. Darcy whooped and did a little loop, grinning when Laura squeaked and held on a little tighter. Unanimously, they headed for Stark Tower; as they approached she slowed, letting Jane and Pepper get there first, and found Betty, Maggie and Cassie waiting for them on the launch pad when they finally touched down. "How did it go?" Betty asked, as though she didn't already know. If something had gone wrong, she and Vision would've been out there with them."Fabulous," Darcy declared."Pepper, there's been a fire at the Stark Industries in Russia," Maggie said. "They're estimating half a million dollars in damages and the media has been calling us asking for quotes. So far I've told them no comment, but they want more details." She consulted the Starkpad she was carrying. "Also, Markus Smith has called for you half a dozen times and is, at this point, staunchly refusing to give up. You also have to decide whether we're launching the new phone or the tablet first. Apple recently moved up their launch of the new phone by two months." She lifted her head, mouth curving up into a half-smile. "But there's a meeting discussing that in more detail in twenty minutes, if you're up for making it."Pepper sighed, the fire fizzing out from under her skin, and leaving her looking very tired instead. "Of course I am. Come on, then." She patted Cassie absently on the head and fell into step beside Maggie, the two of them already knee-deep in the kind of heavy duty business talk that made Darcy's head spin when she listened to it for too long. Darcy watched them go, idly thinking to herself that Tony wasn't the only one who could benefit from a visit from the Wakandan portion of their team.Speaking of Tony..."Where's our generous benefactor?" she asked, stepping towards the robots and letting them do their thing. She was sorry to see the suit go in a way, but it was nice to let the breeze wash over her sweat-soaked body. She gathered her hair with her hand, holding it up above her neck for a little extra relief."Last I saw, he was talking to Thor and Vision while refusing to go back to bed," Betty said. "Even though he's not supposed to be up for more than half an hour at a time.""Thor's here?" Jane was frowning ferociously. She all but ran for the door.Darcy shrugged at Betty. "That'll take care of that," she said optimistically. "He's an idiot," Sharon muttered, looking exasperated. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Pepper Potts/Shuri (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
darcy lewis appreciation
marvel women being awesome
Women Being Awesome
The Protectors - Freeform
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts works too hard
Bisexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Pepper Potts
BAMF Women
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Platonic Cuddling
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
It's a work in progress
Protect Tony Stark 2k16
laura barton is a SHIELD agent
or was a SHIELD agent
Maggie Lang is a competent business woman
Pepper Potts as Rescue
well kinda
it's like the extremis version of Rescue
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Healing
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
More comfort than hurt
Emotional Healing
they'll get there someday
badass Darcy Lewis
badass pepper potts
Badass Laura Barton
badass sharon carter
badass jane foster
tony is loved by lots of people
Uncle Tony
Hurt Tony
Betty Ross is tired of the world
tony stark is the mentor of the protectors
Mentor Tony Stark
Domestic Avengers
except 3/4 of the team is still in wakanda

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Pepper Potts/Shuri (Marvel)

