Work Text:
The last of the Prince disappears in the soft crush of a summer night’s air over his skin, and what remains of reborn Loki slips hungrily into the dark.He wears a night robe and his skin: the soles of his feet grip the stones walkways of the palace courtyards, his cock and balls flap against his taut abdomen and thighs. He has no words left—he is Animal—and his only guides are the heavy Want sitting low in his belly, and the dim, unspoken certainty that he is doing right.There is no doubt or background noise; the Night hath come and taken them away, made him Different. Loki knows this hunger steadily spreading down his thighs and twining up through his ribs, and he knows how to feed it—not his would-be mate, the huge, golden not-brother who demurs with longing looks and foreign words, but his mate in the Water, the one who reached inside and transmitted its Animal to him. And now he is changed by it.His skin is sticky. When he reaches the beach, his skin prickles and tingles. He smells the salt, ancient, embraces the heavy drape of water swallowing his shins. The moonlight reflects off the surface and outlines the smooth-faced rocks where he braced his hands before, the memory of the angles of his thighs and the jolt from the fluttering inside, and he swims with undulations of his whole body towards that place of memory.It was a squirming, slippery joy his mate spread from the hole Loki’s not-brother won’t yet claim to someplace unknowably deep inside—Loki reaches the rocks and dives down, the warm ocean swallowing him like he needs to swallow his mate. He Knows him, he Feels him, and blindly he grabs one strand of seaweed after another until the gently swaying arm he grasps is sentient, alive, hungry, and grasps him with recognition, in reply.Loki kicks off from the ocean floor towards the surface, the rocks, the sand around them where he can sit and still breathe with his head above the water, his octopus following behind. He kneels between the three rocks, drawing in great, gulping breaths, each drag of air so thick it is like drinking, but he is Alive and All of him has turned to eyes and ears pointed towards his lover when he arrives, a heightening of this frenetic energy inside where there is nothing but this relentless Want like another animal prowling between his ribs and looking for a way out. He has his way out: his smooth-bodied octopus with its strange head and gentle eyes crawls beneath Loki’s petting hands and between his legs; he remembers Loki. One of the octopus’s largest, strongest tentacles locks around each of Loki’s thighs, manacling him in place without pain, but with the certainty he cannot close his legs an inch; his mate will have him. He pulls Loki’s thighs wider apart with a strength Loki could never hope to escape had he needed anything other than this.Loki’s mate is as strange as he is capable: Loki anticipates their orchestrated touch with a roiling hunger even as he stares at the octopus’s unfamiliar form. The top half of the head, body, and each tentacle is smooth, mottled, and covered in viscous slick without definition or edges, just long, tapering lengths of muscle. But the undersides are covered in rubbery, fluttering suction cups that suck the skin they latch onto that bring to mind a strange symmetry to scores of covetous lips. He releases a soft, yielding moan as the six other arms rise up to embrace him. The feel of them was strange—the outer layer was similar to the spongey quality of a cock in the outer, but the core of each tentacle was firm, wiry muscle. They move in graceful, dexterous undulations at time and rapid jerks and whips at others, but the higher they creep up Loki’s thighs, the gentler their movements became. They are so slick, there will be no risk of snagging or dryness when they plunge inside—and Loki’s eyelids are already fluttering at the thought of that. Perhaps the pleasure he feels at their ministrations is only heightened by their sheer alien appearance and texture…Loki sags back against the smooth rock face, his awareness swiftly shrinking to all of these simultaneous, building pleasures as each tentacle finds its target. It is not just their strength and strange, dynamic abilities, but the sheer number of them expertly multi-tasking all of his tender parts: the arm devoting itself to his aching cock times its rhythmic hugging of his heated flesh with the surge and ebb of the suction in each suction cup that latches onto his skin, feeling like many soft pairs of lips sucking along his length. While that one milks Loki’s dick, another trails pleasantly around his balls and rolls them tenderly in its dexterous touch, and a third of middling thickness massages luxuriously against his taint, both pleasant and relaxing. Then there are the two—two, both sentient and moving at alternating rhythms without once fumbling the constant flow of sensation—thick arms nosing and teasing at his hole, the tapered tip of one swirling around Loki’s lit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Octopus
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Adult!Thor
Teenage Kid!Loki
The Octopus’s Age is Probably Irrelevant
Bestiality
Interspecies Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Gaping
Tentacles
consensual tentacle sex
Consentacles
Restraints
Come Inflation
cum stuffing
Oviposition
Not how octopus eggs work
No mpreg
Loki is not a female octopus
Yet.

fandom: 
Loki/Octopus
Loki/Thor

