Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Blood.
 
It is everywhere — thick and red and jarring against the white of Jotunheim, staining the floors and walls of the capital city and stripping the ice and snow of its purity. The stench of it permeates the air and, carried by the harsh wind, makes it difficult to breathe.
 
In one of the hidden temples that has yet to be desecrated by the enemy, the blood of the king is dripping from Angrboda’s hands, nearly causing the newborn infant to fall from his slippery hold. “Hush,” Angrboda says gently as he wipes the fussy child down, removing all traces of red except for that in its teary eyes.
 
“Our dam is still bleeding,” the crown prince Helblindi says, and Angrboda looks over to see blood still trickling down Laufey’s legs at a worryingly steady pace.
 
“Hold the child,” Angrboda instructs Byleistr, passing off the babe to the second prince before moving to the figure lying on the slab of stone that once served as an altar.
 
“It’s no use,” Laufey rasps weakly, but Angrboda ignores him as his hands begin to call on his seidr. He places one hand at Laufey’s sex and the other on his belly before he starts his healing chants. Helblindi tries his best to comfort his dam while Angrboda works, smoothing his furrowed brow and rubbing his shoulders.
 
Laufey should be delirious, but his eyes painfully slide over to the newborn trying to wrestle its way out of Byleistr’s arms. “Byleistr, bring…” he trails off. Understanding, Byleistr walks around to Helblindi’s side and carefully passes the child to Laufey’s weak arms.
 
“He is… small,” Helblindi says, though not unkindly.
 
“He is beautiful,” Laufey corrects, looking down in wonder at the tiny being that has begun to relax in his hold, as a child recognizing its true mother often does. “Angrboda, come closer.”
 
“But your majesty -“
 
“Please.”
 
Angrboda reluctantly pauses his healing attempts to come stand on the other side of Laufey. The dying monarch looks up at Angrboda with eyes much clearer than they should be. “Will you obey one last command from your king?”
 
Angrboda crosses an arm over his chest. “Anything.”
 
“Take my youngest and escape to another realm.”
 
“We can take care of him,” Byleistr protests. “I can -“
 
“No, Byleistr,” Laufey interrupts. “He must do this. The child is too small to survive in Jotunheim, and you and Helblindi cannot look after him and rule at the same time. And I can’t risk the All-Father finding him.” Laufey smiles down at the child, whose wide eyes are still flitting across his dam’s face in curiosity. “After all, he is destined for greatness. Farbauti told me he would be, and he was right. I can feel it.”
 
“Where shall I take him?” Angrboda finally asks.
 
“Asgard. Use seidr to make yourselves look Asgardian.”
 
Helblindi and Byleistr look horrified, but Angrboda nods in understanding. “Hiding in plain sight.”
 
“When the war is over and he is of age, you can both return to Jotunheim, but for now –“
 
“Dam –“
 
“Surely we can –“
 
“No, my children.” Laufey’s eyes are starting to become hazy, but his gaze remains locked on Angrboda. “You will do this? Protect my youngest?”
 
“With my life,” Angrboda swears. “I will raise him as my nephew and return him to his siblings someday when it is safe.”
 
Satisfied, Laufey nods. Byleistr goes to take the child from him, but Laufey shakes his head. “Please, let me hold him a moment longer.”
 
“What shall our sibling be called?” Helblindi asks.
 
Laufey takes a while to respond, deep in thought as he stares at the child. Finally, he answers, “Loptr.”
 
“Air,” Angrboda realizes after a moment.
 
Laufey smiles weakly. “Come to life in the stillness of death.”
 
A sweet sound emanates from the child, and it takes Laufey a second to recognize the sound for what it is: laughter. It has been a long time since laughter has been heard on Jotunheim, and the sound is as strange as it is welcome. Loptr’s toothless grin is infectious, and Laufey allows his tiny hand to reach up and touch his dam’s face.
 
While Laufey whispers in his youngest’s ears, Angrboda blinks back tears and looks up at Helblindi and Byleistr, which he soon finds to be a mistake. The princes look on the verge of death themselves, exhaustion evident in their stances and sadness pouring from their souls. Jotunheim is a warrior culture — much like Asgard, but far more severe because while Asgard’s officials train their warriors to conquer, the land of Jotunheim forces its people to survive — and tears are usually seen as a sign of weakness. But here, in the center of a hidden temple with their dying dam and a newborn sibling who never stood a chance, Helblindi and Byleistr do nothing to brush away the tears falling from their eyes like snowflakes.
 
“Angrboda,” Laufey murmurs, and the healer looks back to his king to see him kissing and nuzzling Loptr’s face one last time. When Laufey at last hands him the child, Angrboda slips outside the room in order to let Helblindi and Byleist
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Fárbauti/Laufey
Jarnsaxa/Thor (past)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Drama
Humor
Romance
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Not evil just mean sometimes Loki
Learning to be a good king and husband Thor
Marriage
Virginity
Light Dom/sub
Implied Future Mpreg
Odin and Frigga are actually kind of good parents
Imprisonment to begin with
Violence
Murder
Execution
aftermath of war
Talk of genocide
Racism
Sexism/misogyny
Dubcon/noncon situations
Minor Character Death
Treason

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Fárbauti/Laufey
Jarnsaxa/Thor (past)

