Work Text:

You are the hole in my head.

You are the space in my bed.

You are the silence in between what I thought and what I said.

 
Peter groans and rolls over onto his side, reaching blindly for his glasses on his nightstand.  He smacks his hand off the corner, swears loudly, and then ends up just shoving everything off until he can finally get his fingers around them.  He ends up smudging the lenses, whines in a high-pitched, nasally voice, before he scrubs them clean with his comforter and then shoves them on. He kicks at the blankets angrily, pushes himself up on one elbow, stares at the open window blearily, and then says, “Wade, you fucktard, at least close the window,” before he lets himself drop back onto the bed with another groan. “If that was someone breaking in, you’d be so dead by now!” Wade calls cheerily through the apartment, “I have never heard someone make so much noise trying to wake up!” “I don’t feel good, leave me alone,” Peter mumbles into his pillow, and he really shouldn’t be surprised that Wade hears him. “Awh, what’s wrong with my little spidey?  Got a—ah, fuck,” his voice tapers off into a grunt, and then he’s swearing and something crashes. Peter slaps a hand over his face, trying to decide if he really cares enough before he kicks at his blankets again and stumbles out of bed.  He grabs a sweatshirt on the way and yanks it on as he pads out of his room and around the corner to the bathroom, where only Wade’s booted feet are visible, one leg hooked over the side of the bath, the other pressed against the wall.  Peter frowns and reaches up a hand to scrub at his face, skewing his glasses.  “Wade, what the hell?” he says finally, stepping forward and reaching to curl a hand the sliding glass door.  He peeks in, frown deepening when he finds Wade sprawled out, head tipped back against the wall. “Hey there, webhead,” he says tiredly, giving a small wave. Peter looks at him for a long moment before saying, “You’re getting blood all over my shower.” “Yeah, check out the rest of your bathroom, darlin’.” Peter turns and groans, “Wade.  You’re cleaning this up, asshole.” Wade just grunts, and Peter pads back out of the bathroom, making for the kitchen.  He hisses when he slaps a hand over the light switch, squints while he’s making tea, and then collapses onto his sofa, curling around his mug of tea, holding it up by his nose in the hopes that it’ll help him breathe better. Peter’s nearly asleep by the time Wade finally emerges from the bathroom, freshly showered and naked.  He checks to make sure Peter is still alive because he hasn’t made a sound since he finished knocking things over in the kitchen, and, when Peter whines softly at him, Wade takes that as a good sign and goes into his bedroom.  He opens the bottom drawer of his dresser, which Peter has pretended he doesn’t know Wade has started leaving things in, and pulls out briefs, sweats, a long sleeve shirt, and a sweatshirt.  He gets dressed, pulls the hood up on his sweatshirt, and then goes back to check on Peter again, who has drifted off into a fitful sleep.  Wade smiles fondly before plucking his half-empty tea mug out of his hand, washing it out in the sink, and then going back to carefully tuck his arms under Peter’s knees and back.  He carries him bridal style into his bedroom, and Peter makes this soft, sleepy little noise when Wade settles him back on the bed and pulls the blankets over him. Wade goes to hang up his wet suit in the shower, whines at the blood still streaked across the bathroom’s walls and floor, and then goes to slip into bed, chuckling softly when Peter snuggles close, wriggling until he can get his head under Wade’s chin and his hands balled up between them.  Wade lifts a hand to lay it gently against his cheek, frowning at how hot Peter’s running, before he sighs and curls his arms around him, letting his boxes chatter away until they lull him to sleep. —— In the morning, when Peter wakes up, he does so with a loud, whining groan.  His glasses are sticking to his face, and he’s managed to drool over a good portion of his pillow so that his cheek is wet, and the sheets are tangled uncomfortably around his legs.  “Fucking shit monkey balls,” he grumbles, kicking until he unbalances himself and ends up on the floor, and then he’s just shouting incomprehensibly. “You’re a mess,” Wade says as he comes into the room and finds Peter in a heap on the floor, one foot still caught in the sheets.  He tugs him loose, Peter sags the rest of the way onto the floor, and then he just balls up, lying there. “I’m dying,” he moans, and Wade laughs, reaching down to haul him to his feet. “Come on, sweetie, breakfast is ready,” he says, patting Peter’s cheek. Peter just snuggles against him and whines, “I’m dying, Wade.” “So are we all, every day,” Wade says with a bright smile before detaching himself from Peter and tugging him out of his room.  He manages to get him into the kitchen where he dumps him into a chai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Language
Angst
Sexual Content
Violence
Fluff
Crack
FOURTH WALL WHAT FOURTH WALL

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

