Work Text:
Jane was concerned about Darcy. 
Which was something, considering she normally didn't have to worry about her. She'd always been fairly independent - but ever since they moved to New York and into Stark's tower...Darcy had been spending a lot of time with the man himself. Jane would've brushed it off as Darcy being 'star-struck' and maybe having a little celebrity crush on him - which was rather easily facilitated by close proximity and high clearance levels - if it wasn't for the fact that Stark was equally complicit.
Others were also starting to notice. Mostly because of Tony's reputation, despite him having proved over several years and a handful of life-altering experiences that he was past that portion of his life. Agents Barton and Romanov found his interest and investment in an attractive young woman approximately twenty years his junior to be... suspect...and they knew him better than she or Eric did. Not to mention they were expert spies. Even Thor, her wonderful Thor, who had it in his heart to see the good in his twisted brother, doubted Stark's intentions towards Darcy. 
The only ones who didn't seem phased by the whole situation were Miss Potts, Colonel Rhodes, and even Happy. It was odd, noticeable, and the only way Jane could explain away their apparent disinterest was in the supposition that they simply expected this from him. Pepper wasn't even bitter towards Darcy; she just shrugged it off and welcomed Darcy like she was an old friend she'd known for years. Which was ridiculous in and of itself because, once again...age difference. They certainly couldn't have met in school. Pepper was already CEO of Stark Industries by the time Darcy was midway through college. 
Even Jarvis held a certain affinity towards Darcy. At least beyond the cordial civility shown to all the other newcomers to the Tower. The AI even seemed to favor Darcy over his own creator. The only one who didn't seem to care either way was Dr. Banner. He maintained that it wasn't any of his business, so he wasn't going to spend his time worrying about it. 
Jane's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Stark's familiar chattering as he entered her lab. 
"Hey Foster, you heard from Lewis today?"
She eyed the man warily, because as far as she knew, Darcy had told her yesterday that she would be in late. Jane hated to question her friend's actions, but she'd assumed that Darcy would've been with Stark. Or Stark would've been with her. 
Either way, it caught her off guard and she answered perhaps a little sharply, "Nope. She said she was going to be late," but managed to hold her tongue before smarting off about Darcy not already being with him. 
Tony just made a face like he wasn't sure how to respond to her, so he simply responded with an exaggerated "Right..." before refocusing his search. 
"Jarvis, is Darcy in the building?" 
Despite her waning tolerance for Stark - which was getting even lower by the minute - she couldn't deny his genius. Especially when the AI actually hesitated in its response.
"She is, sir."
"Okay...where?"
The subsequent silence was resoundingly awkward. 
"Jarvis?"
"I...don't think I should say, sir..."
Of all the ways for her morning to go, Jane had not expected it would involve an over-interested billionaire and his recalcitrant AI. Regardless, her worry piqued her interest, and she watched the exchange between man and artificial entity silently. 
"Not a good answer, J. Where the fuck is she?" 
Jane felt herself bristle at his language. Still, Jarvis refused to divulge Darcy's location.
"Don't make me override your traitorous ass. I built you, I can unmake you."
"That won't be necessary, sir."
"Yeah? So spit it out."
Tony rolled his eyes when Jarvis hesitated once again. Though Jarvis eventually capitulated. 
"I last saw her and Captain Rogers enter his quarters at 22:47 hours yesterday...I've not seen her leave since."
"WHAT?!" 
It took Jane a second to realize that her own voice was mixed in with Stark's exclamation. All this time she'd been thinking Darcy was being lead astray by genius playboy here...when she was really...
Jane's thoughts were once again interrupted by a now very irate Tony Stark.
"Doing what?!"
If an AI could clear its figurative throat, Jarvis did so just then.
"I believe it's customary to sleep in after..."
"Shut up, J!" 
"You did ask, sir."
Tony glared at the ceiling for a very tense moment - which Jane absently figured that was the best way to glare at an AI - before stalking out of the lab, leaving her peacefully alone and the space silent once again. 
"Um...Jarvis?" Jane hedged, feeling a bit ridiculous despite having just witnessed one of the most bizarre arguments she can remember. She was still just getting used to the AI, and was a little disarmed by how human his responses were.
"Yes, Dr. Foster."
"Should you maybe warn Darcy and or...Captain Rogers?"
"Unfortunately, upon taking residence in the Tower, Captain Rogers requested that my system not be installed i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Secret Relationship
Mild Language

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

