Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He stands under the bridge and the target says Bucky.
He stands under the bridge and the target says Bucky, with a stupidly shocked expression on his face.
He stands under the bridge and the target says Bucky, with a stupidly shocked expression on his perfect fucking face, and suddenly the soldier doubts.
Doubting is dangerous.  
It’s a lesson he learned long ago.  Even if the details of that lesson are gone, the fear remains, the pain an echo of an echo.  Doubting hurts.  He is not in the business of doubting.  He is in the business of compliance, of loyalty, of obedience and efficiency.  The business of blood.
His handlers tell him that a target is a danger to their higher mission, that it’s the soldier’s duty to exterminate the threat, for the good of humanity, for world peace, and he believes them willingly, because he is also not in the business of choosing.  He hasn’t doubted their mission in decades.
Until the target says Bucky.
The target says Bucky and the soldier doesn’t just doubt this mission, he doubts everything they told him, all the lessons he learned through pain and torment, all the purpose they poured into massive, empty spaces left in his head with wipe, after wipe, after wipe, after wipe.
The target says Bucky and he doesn’t want to be the Fist of Hydra.  The target says Bucky and he remembers what it means to want.
He wants to steal his target away, to lock them both up somewhere safe – no place safe exists for him, that’s another lesson – and demand that the target keep saying Bucky.  He wants to run his thumbs over the target’s cheekbones and stare.  He wants the target to have a less dumb looking haircut.
He wants the target to go away, to never come back, to stop making him doubt.  He wants the target to stay where the soldier can protect him, somewhere that won’t put that horrified expression on his irritatingly perfect face.
He wants to drop his gun and falls to his knees.
Instead he says, “Who the hell is Bucky?”
And the mission falls apart around him. (Maybe it was always supposed to.)  His handler slaps his face and then takes away his doubt, takes the memory of the man on the bridge, takes everything, with rubber between his teeth and electric shocks lighting up his every nerve.

 
The bank vault is nearly empty.  This is not the extraction point.  He was never supposed to come back here.  
(He was never supposed to survive Hydra’s glorious rise.)
There are three agents huddled together, watching footage of the helicarriers falling on a small television in an office down the hall from the chair.  They are young scientists, panicking over what they see on screen.
The one who last put the bit in his mouth dies first.  A second goes before the third can scream.
The final one lives long enough to stitch up a deep gash on his side that he can’t get a good angle on himself.  He holds a gun to her head and she also removes the tracker from his shoulder and another from his lower back. They both get crushed in his metal hand.
It’s good work, even with her hands shaking.  
He doesn’t want to kill her.
It makes him remember wanting again, and remember when he first remembered wanting, just a day ago.
He doesn’t want to kill her, even though she’ll have valuable intel on him to pass on to her masters when the chaos settles and someone decides to come looking for him. Killing her is the smart thing, the strategic thing, the thing he’s been taught to do over and over.  
“You should quit your job,” he tells her.
Sobbing, she nods at him.  “I will!  I quit. I promise. I promise.  I’m so sorry. Please, don’t, don’t, don’t--”
He doesn’t want to kill her, so he smacks her in the temple with the butt of his P220 with only enough force to knock her out and goes about his business.
He digs the trackers out of his metal arm and chest, then pulls on a bulletproof vest under a hooded sweatshirt and jacket he pilfers from a locker.  He stuffs a backpack full of weapons, and gets out.  And all in under twenty minutes.
He doesn’t let himself think about the man he pulled out of the water, the man on the bridge, Captain fucking America, until he’s tucked away in attic of an empty condo.  It’s right there, on the edge of his mind, a memory, a connection, or at least a name.  He thinks harder.
Thinking does not go well.
The resulting headache is so severe, he immediately blacks out.

 
Still, he can’t resist the temptation of thinking when he wakes, half a day later.  He wants to know more.  He wants back what they wiped, and wiped, and wiped.
Even if it hurts.

 
Memory comes in strange drips and sudden bursts, when he closes his eyes.  
He lets himself sleep for exactly an hour and when he wakes again he remembers Brooklyn and an apartment and two small beds pushed together to make one big bed.
He remembers a lump, buried under a pile of blankets, a little blond head sticking out where it rested on a thin pillow.
Chasing down memories of that blond lump sears his skull, but th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Canon-Typical Violence
Homophobia
Coming Out

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

