Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thor walked beside his father up the remains of the Rainbow Bridge towards Heimdall, staring as ever into the depths of space. “What news, Watchman?” Odin’s voice was solemn, holding none of the anxious energy Thor felt twitching in his veins.“Loki has shown himself to the mortals in Midgard. He talks of plans to rule above them, but their heroes stand against him. They have him bound, but I fear his trickery, Allfather.”Thor glanced sharply to Heimdall before schooling his features. Since his brother fell, since the grief had retreated from the blinding scales over his eyes to a dull ache behind them, he had been noticing…things. How when people spoke about Loki, there was often a slight curling of the lips. When Sif and the Warriors Three reminisced about past adventures, they would joke about Loki’s tricks, but never remember how said tricks often saved their lives. And with an ache, he realised that this is how he had always thought of his brother, until he watched him fall. Let himself fall.“Thor.” His father turned to him, and Thor stood tall and focused. “Loki brings war to Midgard in Asgard’s name. He means to use the Tesseract to open a portal, bring his army of Chitauri to conquer the mortals, and then…” his father sighed, “the gateway to the Nine will lie open. Who knows what foes may follow.” He rested a heavy hand on Thor’s shoulder and gazed into his eyes. “Harden your heart against him, Thor. He is no longer the brother you thought he was. Find the Tesseract, and bring Loki back to Asgard. He must answer for his crimes against Jotunheim and Midgard.”Thor’s eyes widened, but he nodded. His thoughts were swirling as his father gathered the dark energy that would drain him for days. If Loki and his army captured Midgard, Asgard would find itself vulnerable with the Allfather not at full strength, and Thor felt the fate of his beloved home pressing down on his shoulders. But to harden his heart against his little brother? The little brother he couldn’t save, who had saved him so many times in the past. The beloved little brother who had tagged along behind him for centuries, working so hard to please all of them. He had spent nearly a millennium not showing how much he loved him, and eventually Loki had broken. “Bring him home, Thor,” his father said as he lowered Gungnir to blast him to Midgard. But was home the best place for him?---Thor hit the ground on his knees, gasping and retching from the leftover dark energy coursing through his veins. He forced himself up, wiping his sweaty face, and took to the air with Mjolnir. Father and Heimdall would have sent him as close to Loki as they could, and he knew he was looking for one of their flying machines, but he couldn’t hear anything from the ground. He paused in midair, listening carefully until he heard the whine of jet engines, and raced towards it, thunder rumbling as his face set in determination. He landed on the roof of the plane, feeling it judder under his feet, then wrenched the ramp open. He took the scene in with one glance; two men stood, one looming over Loki, who was handcuffed and seated. His temper flared - how dare they disrespect a god of Asgard? Without a word, he wrapped his arm around his little brother and leaped.They hit the ground on the mountainside, kicking up dust and shards of rock, Loki’s body tense in his arms.“Loki. Brother.” Thor’s voice cracked and he wrapped his arms around him. He had thought he’d never get the chance to do this again, and he wanted to put the last three years worth of hugs into that one embrace, but forced himself to cradle the thin body gently in case he was injured. He’d promised himself he was going to be more thoughtful, and that was starting right now.“What—““I have missed you, brother. I thought you dead.”“Did you mourn.”“Oh, Norns, yes. I am so glad to see you alive.” He drew close to Loki again and held the side of his neck, pressed their foreheads together. “Our father —”“Your father. He did tell you my true parentage, did he not?” Loki pulled back from Thor and walked a few steps away. Thor sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Yes, my father. He wants me to bring you back to Asgard.”“Oh, excellent. So I can return to the shadows, to living in the shade of your greatness.”“Brother—““You are NOT my brother!”“We were raised together, we played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that?”“I remember you tossing me into an abyss. I was and should be king!”“What?”	“I was the king by law, Thor, I did not steal it from you! Mother…your mother gave me Gungnir as we sat by Odin’s side.”“Aye, I know that, brother, but what do you mean about the abyss? I —”“The void, Thor! You threw me into the void when we fought.”Thor’s blue eyes widened to impossible proportions. “Loki, you…you let go.” Thor’s voice broke at the last word, and tears streamed down his face again. “Brother, please tell me you don’t think…I tried…oh, Norns, Loki.” He stepped forward
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Thor Is Not Stupid
Loki Needs a Hug
Torture
Thor Is a Good Bro
Loki Does What He Wants
Protective Thor
Avenger Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Team as Family
Teambuilding
Loki wasn't the bad guy in The Avengers

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

