Work Text:
Bucky managed to sink into it for a long while once he got settled, his mind going blank and his body loose. His mouth stayed effortlessly slack with Steve's soft cock resting on his tongue, his lips circling the base with a little gap for drool to run out. He breathed the scent of Steve and felt nothing else but the warm weight of his folded body. His hands stayed crossed behind his back, left loosely gripping right, because the rubber band around his wrists did nothing to actually hold them together.Every fifteen minutes like clockwork, Steve put down his book and gently pushed Bucky off his dick. Steve gave him a drink of tepid water and wiped his face, prompted him to flex his fingers and wiggle his toes, to roll his shoulders and wiggle his hips. When he'd had his minute of directed fidgeting, Steve drew Bucky back down into position and Bucky went; the little intermissions didn't stir the blanket of quiet over his brain. There was still nothing for him to think about.There was an ache growing in his knees and shoulders and the small of his back from holding the position, but it was nothing that mattered. He was good. He was Steve's. He didn't have to think. Except that he was aware, after a while, of not quite wanting the water when Steve held the bottle to his lips. His bladder was a point of pressure, not quite pain, low in his belly. He didn't know how long it had been--keeping track of time wasn't his business--but he knew that all day wasn't more than half over yet. But Steve gave him the water. He was Steve's, and he was good, so he drank it.The pressure became an ache. The next drink of water and the next were an effort that brought him closer and closer to being all the way conscious again. But he was still Steve's, still holding still, his mouth still soft and open around Steve's soft cock, his shoulders still bracketed by Steve's thighs. The ache grew sharper, intruding on his awareness. He had to concentrate on being still and good--but that was just another way to be good, and he could do it. He could. He did.Steve pushed him off for another minute's attention, and Bucky made an involuntary noise as Steve held the bottle to his lips.He didn't know how many bottles there were; Steve had a box of stuff next to the chair he was sitting in. Bucky couldn't see into it from where he knelt, and it wasn't his business to know what supplies Steve had set up. It was only his business to kneel. But it was starting to hurt, and he knew Steve didn't want him to hurt. Steve had been very clear on that when Bucky asked to be kept on his knees all day: I don't want this to hurt you. I want this to be good for you.Steve pulled back the bottle from his lips when the noise slipped out of him. "Buck?"Bucky shook his head slightly. He wasn't saying no. He wasn't asking to stop. He opened his mouth, silently showing he was ready to take what he was given. Steve brought the bottle back to his lips, but there was a sharp, obvious attention in his gaze now. "Kneel up straight," Steve said when he took the bottle from Bucky's mouth, and Bucky could feel the weight of the water he'd drunk sinking coolly through his body toward his aching bladder. Bucky knelt up straight, flexing his fingers and wiggling his toes. Steve sat up straighter as well, paying no particular attention to his spit-wet dick flopping out of the soft pants he was wearing. He ran his hands over Bucky's shoulders, down his chest and over his belly. Bucky watched Steve's hands as they crossed from his bare skin to the pajama pants he was wearing. Steve pressed in gently, a few inches above his dick, and Bucky breathed in hard through his nose and didn't tense."Ah," Steve said. "Well, that is the consequence of staying hydrated."Bucky nodded, and waited for Steve to tell him what to do about it. Steve rubbed a gentle circle over his lower abdomen and then sat back, looking Bucky over for a moment. Bucky waited, looking back and holding very still."Can you wait for me a minute?" Steve asked. "Wait right here, if I go away? Not out of earshot, and not for long. Will you be all right?"Bucky nodded. "You need me, you call for me," Steve instructed.Bucky nodded again. Steve leaned forward and kissed his forehead, and then his mouth; Bucky let his mouth go slack like he'd kept it for Steve's cock. Steve took the opening, pushing his tongue in where he'd been keeping his cock warm all morning, and then he sat back again. "Wait for me," Steve repeated. "I'll be back in a minute."Bucky nodded, smiling a little. Steve knew what he needed. Steve would take care of it. Bucky only had to stay here on his knees and wait for Steve to solve the problem. Steve walked directly to the bathroom. He didn't close the door, so nothing softened the sound as Steve put the seat up and took a long piss. Bucky's bladder ached with the urge to do the same, his fists clenching behind his back with the need to put a hand between his legs and hold it back like a little k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Omorashi
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dom/sub
Gentle Dom Steve
Kneeling
Cock Warming
Wetting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

