Work Text:
Charles can’t help it. He tries, he really does. But he has to stop four times while trying to record his latest video, and the fifth time, he gives up halfway through and just puts his head down on the table and laughs helplessly. It’s not the subject that has him giggling. He stopped snickering at the word “penis” when he was eleven years old. It’s the thought of Erik’s face when he sees this particular video. Erik is just going to die. He has already banned Charles from speaking about all the gory details of the animal kingdom at the dinner table, but he has yet to prohibit mating habits. Charles is fairly certain that after this video, Erik is going to regret that oversight very much, and just the thought of the sheer horror on Erik’s face when he learns about ducks, of all things, has Charles leaning against his table in front of his camera, chuckling into his sleeve.After a minute, he hears the front door open, right on time. A moment later, footsteps echo down the hall and then stop in the doorway. He feels the spike of Erik’s sudden wariness against his mind, along with the clearly-projected, Am I going to regret stepping into this room? Charles lifts his head long enough to glance at his notes. There’s a picture staring right at him in all its corkscrew glory. Um...no? Come in. Erik’s mouth says, “No,” but his mind grudgingly acquiesces because he’s been out of town at a GSA convention for the past two days and he misses his husband. Charles smiles at the sentiment because he’s missed Erik, too, more than he thought possible, after six years of being married. He’s used to the conventions by now, but he’s still not used to the restless loneliness that settles when Erik’s not there to share his bed by the end of the day.  “Anything interesting happen while I was gone?” Erik asks as he steps into the room.“No,” Charles answers, lifting his head from the table. “Well, yes. Raven called. She and Hank are apparently back together.”Erik rolls his eyes. “That’s not interesting. It happens every week.”“Every month.” “Same thing.” He crosses over and leans down to wrap his arms around Charles’s neck from behind, kissing Charles’s hair, then his ear. “I missed you. I was thinking of all the things I’d do to you when I got home and--” He freezes. Charles bites down on his lip hard to keep from bursting out into laughter. “Charles, what the fuck is that?”“What is what?” Charles asks innocently, blinking what he knows are wide, innocuous blue eyes up at Erik, determined to play this up for the full effect.He feels Erik’s mind flicker through emotions like a rolodex--surprise at what he’s seeing, instinctive incredulousness at Charles not knowing what he means, realization that Charles knows exactly what he means, annoyance at Charles both for the Innocent Act (yes, capital letters, Charles is fairly proud of himself) and at the fact that Charles is probably listening in to all of this anyway, and then comes the grim determination from Erik to see this through, which Charles perhaps loves best.“What the fuck,” Erik repeats himself slowly and calmly, though silently he’s blasting each word at Charles directly like a mental bullhorn, “is that.” He points at Charles’ computer screen so that this time there is no chance to misunderstand what he is talking about.“Oh, that,” Charles says, adopting his brightest tone and his best fervid look, “is a duck penis.”“A duck penis,” Erik deadpans.Charles nods enthusiastically. “Male ducks have a corkscrewed penis, did you know? It’s also literally what you could call explosive--”STOP, Erik projects loudly, while he mutters, “I’m going to be ill.”That’s what you get for drinking all that beer at the convention, Charles replies matter-of-factly, while aloud he continues brightly, “No, no, it’s true. See here, it’s slowed down by a factor of ten. Watch this.” He clicks play on the video, with perhaps far too much delight.This has nothing to do with the beer.  “No, I’m not watching it,” Erik says flatly, and turns his head away completely.That’s easy to fix. Charles helps him anyway by watching it himself, and then projecting the entire thing in HD straight into Erik’s brain. They both watch--Charles in fascination, and Erik in horror--as the duck penis shoots out, spiraling into full length across the screen. And that’s not enough; the video continues, rewinding and replaying again, then again, with different angles and different speeds, until Erik finally breaks and begs, “Oh god, Charles, please stop.”“Are you sure? You haven’t even seen the best part. The female genitalia is where it gets really interesting--”
“STOP!”
Charles pouts. “All right, all right. Fine.” He glances at the screen again, and just as the first image of the duck vagina appears, he cuts off the projection and pauses the video. Behind him, Erik doesn’t move for a very long moment. His thoughts are blank. It’s a defense mechanism, Charles has found. He just very deliberately doesn’t think, and that’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern: Still Have Powers
charles the biologist
erik the geologist
Erik Being Cocky
Charles Is a Big Dorkface
pan disguises geology lectures in fic
Ducks
Erik is squeamish
Charles is a Troll
Youtube blogger
extensive discussion of duck reproductive structures
is it lava or magma
if you don't know at the end of this fic
then pan will foam at the mouth and eat you

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

