Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“This is Major Tom to Ground Control
I'm stepping through the door
And I'm floating in a most peculiar way
And the stars look very different today.”
—Space Oddity, David Bowie



**“I should know who I am by now.
I walk—the record stands somehow.
Thinking of winter;
Your name is the splinter inside me.”
—Winter, Joshua Radin**

Now:

**“You could have gotten people killed!” Billy snapped. There was something cold about the way he said it—something cold, and hard, and right. Inevitable, in its own way; they’d been barreling toward this moment for what felt like forever. “You could have killed people, Teddy, all because, because you want to be liked? Because some asshole will like you better?”“You don’t know anything about it,” Teddy countered. He was still buzzing with adrenaline, and it felt like his thoughts were tripping over themselves as he fought to find the right explanation, the truth buried in the mess he’d made of his life. He dragged his fingers through his hair; just over ten blocks away, flames licked across the sky.This wasn’t the time for this; this wasn’t the place. He opened his mouth to say as much, but the look Billy shot him froze him in his tracks.“No,” Billy said. “No, you’re right, I don’t know anything about it. And I don’t want to.”“Billy,” he began, stung.“No. My dad was right. Being friends with you, having…having some kind of crush on you…it’s me saying I’m okay with who you are, what you do. And I’m not. It’s not okay. It’s not okay to use your mutant gift to trick people, and to put them in danger, and to pretend to be a hero when you’re not, you’re not at all. And I’m not going to—I’m not. I’m out. I’m done.”“Billy.”Billy took a step back, palms lifting. “Goodbye, Teddy,” he said.Teddy watched in rapidly growing panic as Billy turned his face away. Anger and fear had burned away, leaving him shaken, shaking. Please, he wanted to beg. Let me explain. You’re right about me, I know you’re right, but you don’t understand.Billy’s eyes were fixed on his battered sneakers, as if he couldn’t even look at him. That, more than anything, kept Teddy’s mouth shut. He clenched his fists, digging his nails into the meat of his palms when Billy turned and stumbled for the door. Even then, there was some small part of him that hoped…but no, Billy’s hand was on the doorknob, he was stepping through.He was gone. Just like that, he was gone.And Teddy…Teddy didn’t know what he was. Everything had been tilted on its axis, as if this latest shock had knocked something vital out of alignment. He thought maybe he wanted to cry. He was pretty sure he wasn’t going to let himself.“Jesus,” Teddy mumbled, dragging his fingers through his hair again. His hand was shaking. He’d been trembling for what felt like hours now, from that first moment the sky had exploded. And now what? Was he supposed to just go home? Wash the blood and ash away? Maybe pop in a TV dinner and check the DVR and fuck, fuck.Oh, fuck, Billy.Teddy spun away from the door with a choked noise, eyes casting helplessly over the rooftop bar. Tables and chairs and huge, multi-striped umbrellas crowded around him. They loomed close in an Escher-like trick of the eye. It was too much. He needed space; he couldn’t breathe. He pushed blindly toward the ledge, ignoring the chairs that toppled in his wake. He just, he needed to— Teddy slapped his palms against pitted brick-and-concrete and leaned forward to rest his full weight on shaky arms. His breath hitched painfully in his chest.“Stop, stop it,” he snarled. There was blood all over his white T-shirt, and he still smelled like burning engine fuel, and Billy knew. Billy knew and Billy hated him for it.Teddy squeezed his eyes shut and leaned to rest his forehead against the half-wall. Several stories below, cars fishtailed as pedestrians poured down the streets. Red emergency lights pulsed like a living thing. A heartbeat. He could practically hear the pounding.Slowly, folding in on himself like origami, Teddy dropped into an unsteady crouch. He pressed his fists to the worn brick and ignored the grit and tiny shards of glass that dug between his knuckles. He’d been injured somewhere along the way, he thought. The blood. The blood had been his.Teddy brushed shaking fingers over his brow. It felt smooth, slick. His fingers came away tacky with drying blood. He drew in a serrated breath and tipped his chin, blinking open his eyes to stare across the tree-lined streets of the Upper East Side. Billy’s house was down that way. And beyond it, beyond all those too-similar brownstones, near the southeastern corner of Central Park, the Avengers’ mansion was burning. It looked like sunrise.“Jesus,” he said again. None of it felt real.He didn’t feel real.But he had to get out of here.Teddy slowly straightened, swaying against conflicting pulses of shock and adrenaline. He would have to go the way he’d come—he didn’t have any other choice. It was either fly home or stay staring dow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

freeform: 
Bullying
First Love
Romance
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Teddy goes through a lot before things get better
but it does get better
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

