Chapter 1: Developmental Hiccups
    


        Chapter by dreamingdarkly




Chapter Text
Tony Stark is four years old and his little face is swollen and red with tears. He is curled in the bathroom, tucked in a tiny space between the basin and the wall. "Young Master, whatever is the matter?" Jarvis, face creased in concern, wraps strong arms that smell of cinnamon around him. Tony hides his face in the butler's shoulder and wraps tiny fists in his jacket. "My w-words." He whispers, too afraid to say it any louder, as though Sir might hear if he does.  He doesn't look to see Jarvis' reaction, but he hears the man sigh. "Oh, master Anthony, my poor boy." A moment later a gentle hand traces the words curling in elegant, precise writing across his shoulder.  I expected more.  ~x~  Tony is five years old when Howard sees his words, and he never forgets the sneer on his face. "I understand the sentiment." He snarls, and drops the robot dog Tony had presented him with, as well as the handful of his shirt that had ripped loose. Tony stumbles at the sudden release and hits the floor. He blinks up at his father, and flinches when he feels the burn of new words draping themselves down his forearm. Howard notices, and his gaze drops to the looping scrawl. "Two sets of words? God damn it, boy, can't you do anything right?" He shakes his head in disgust and storms away.   Tears dripping down his cheeks, Tony looks down at his arm for the first time. Why are you here?  ~x~  Tony is seventeen and his parents are dead. More importantly, Jarvis is dead. He's alone and the only person he has in the world is Obadiah, his only friend Rhodey. He stands at his parent's funeral, dry eyed, distant and cold. He feels nothing, barely aware of the warmth of Obadiah's hand on his shoulder.   After, in the car, Obadiah throws an arm heavy with expectation around Tony's shoulder. "Don't worry, Tony. You'll be okay. I expect big things of you, son." He says in his deep, rumbling voice.  He looks concerned when Tony starts laughing, and doesn't stop for a long time.  ~x~ 'I expected more' his words say, and Tony goes fast and hard through life. He speaks louder, thinks faster, builds better. He meets every expectation and then exceeds them. There are no boundaries, there is no more. 'Why are you here?' His words say, and Tony makes himself useful, makes himself necessary. He keeps his shoulder and his forearm covered. He blasts Stark Industries to the top of the weapons industry, wines and dines the most beautiful women (and men). He donates to charities, shmoozes at parties, wins awards. He makes himself the centre of attention wherever he goes.  Why is he here? Why wouldn't he be?  ~x~  Tony is riding in the back of a Humvee when his world explodes. Three months in Afghanistan and he is reborn from the ashes of his old life. He is tortured, brutalised, and witnesses the horrible truth of his legacy. There's a car battery in his chest and Tony thinks of his words and he's not sure if he wants to cry or scream. All that work, and he'd just proved them right in the end. "A heavy burden," Yinsen murmurs, tracing the words on his shoulder with gentle hands. It reminds him of Jarvis. "It's nothing." Tony shrugs it off, covering the words with a hand that only shakes a little. Yinsen gives him a shrewd look, but doesn't argue. Instead he lays the plans for their escape down in front of them and taps at the paper. "What's next?" He asks.  Tony grins, sharp and feral, and turns his mind to getting them home. He has a legacy to change.   Yinsen dies, choking on his own blood, sacrificed for Tony. "Don't waste your life." He whispers, and all Tony hears is expectations. 'Why are you here?' His words say, and Tony has no answer. He shouldn't be. He's not sure he wants to be.  ~x~  Tony goes home, and Iron Man is born. Iron Man is everything Tony is not; he's a hero, and he doesn't care about expectations. He has a purpose, he knows why he is here. Tony flies and fights and builds. He shuts down weapons manufacturing, turns Stark Industries towards clean energy And medical technology. He withdraws from the public eye, retreats to his lab with his bots and his inventions. He eats sometimes, when Pepper and Rhodey arrive to drag him from the lab.
 The media doesn't seem to know if it hates or loves Iron Man. He's a vigilante to some, a hero to others. The media questions Tony's new nomadic lifestyle. Everybody wants a piece of him, but Tony can't bring it in him to give a shit.  'Don't waste your life' Yinsen said and Tony makes it his mission not to disappoint a dead man.  ~x~  "I expected more," Obadiah sneers cruelly, and rips Tony's heart from his chest, quite literally. He leaves Tony to die, alone in his mansion with JARVIS silent. He contemplates lying there, letting the shrapnel finish the job Obadiah started. 'Why are you here?' His words say, and Pepper is in danger, and Tony rolls off the couch and crawls. He has very few people in the wor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Slow Build
Polyamory
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Poor Tony
BAMF Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Returns
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Identity Porn
Pre-Iron Man 1
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

