Work Text:
Clint wakes up in his boxers on smooth, cold concrete with a headache.  For a second he thinks he has a hangover, and wonders what the fuck he was doing.  He never drinks enough to black out.  For that matter, the others have never allowed him to wake up alone and dehydrated, not since they'd all converged on the Tower.  Clint would really like to roll over to find Bruce's capable hands prodding at him a little, checking him out, or to come up against Thor's chest, even if the god does have a tendency to laugh at Clint's weak human tolerance.  The feeling of his perch imploding and falling out from beneath him resurfaces then, and he's a little surprised he's not dead.  He breathes in slowly, out slower, assessing his physical condition.  There are bruises everywhere on his ribs, his left knee feels wrong, perhaps strained, what feels like a deep cut on his right shoulder blade is burning, and his headache is nearer to a migraine than a hangover, now that he's actually paying attention.  All in all, it's not bad.He opens his eyes carefully.  He needn't have bothered, though, as his environs are near pitch-black.  He sighs and levers himself to his feet.  The next few minutes reveal he's locked in a six-by-four concrete cell with no windows and only one door.  The locking mechanism, so far as Clint can tell without his sight, is on the outside.  There isn't even a bucket.Clint would like to go back to sleep but he's not entirely certain he doesn't have a concussion, so he paces and mentally works his way through the entire Led Zeppelin catalogue.  It's a little harsh on the headache, but it does the trick.

*
The door to Clint's cell opens and he's on his feet before he even thinks about it, but it does him absolutely no good.  They—he thinks there are three of them, from the sound of their steps—taze him with something infinitely stronger than the warning piece Coulson carries on him.  And Clint has never had any desire to be tazed by that little toy to begin with.  He doesn't pass out, but he wishes he had.They throw him on another concrete floor, but there is light in the new cell.  It seeps through his eyelids, hurting (his eyes) even through the lingering pain of the voltage.  Someone is shouting, someone familiar.  Clint tries to contain his thoughts, to marshal something past the panic of his own muscles refusing to respond to him.  Things get quiet suddenly.  Clint isn't sure what has changed.  Then the familiar voice is nearer to him, asking, "Jesus, what the fuck'd they do to you?"Clint doesn't have control of his tongue or vocal chords, so he just lays there, quivering.  He's placed the voice: he's in a cell with Tony.  Tony's a genius, so Clint's going to let him figure it out on his own.  Clint is, admittedly, a little dispirited to find he's not the only team member captured, but at least four of them are still unaccounted for, plus Coulson, Hill and Fury.  Things aren't desperate just yet.He doesn't acknowledge the wellspring of guilt that follows his disappointment, the quiet Greek chorus in his mind reminding Clint he is a SHIELD agent, and Tony is a civilian contractor, and that this is exactly the sort of trouble Clint is supposed to keep Tony out of.  The guilt is useless, he knows.  Phil would call it "counterproductive," his tone clipped and clear and his eyes searching.  Tony is already captured.  The only thing to do now is keep him as safe as possible until Clint can get Tony out or the others find them.Tony is still talking, but Tony talks a lot.  It's kind of comforting, really.  Clint can't follow what he's saying, but the cadence of Tony's annoyance is well-known and helps Clint with the worst of the alarm over not being able to control his limbs.  There's a buzz at the edge of Tony's words and at times they fade completely from Clint's consciousness, but if Clint concentrates he can pull himself back toward them.  The harshest of the aftershocks are fading, he's pretty sure he'll be able to curl up or roll over or do something in a bit.  Until then, he concentrates on breathing, and the up-down notes of Tony's ongoing monologue.

*
Their captors come back shortly, right as Clint has regained his ability to stand.  Clint's pretty sure the timing is planned, intended to show them both the full breadth of their helplessness.  Clint forces himself to his feet and dives for them when they go for Tony.  Without his suit—and where the fuck is his suit—Tony isn't a soldier, he's not even entirely one in the suit.  Tony's instinct to help signs him up for a lot of shit he hasn't read the fine print on, Clint thinks.There are five guards: two behind Clint, at the door, and three advancing toward Tony.  The two at the door take Clint down almost as soon as he's managed to get up.  He tries to use his smaller size as an advantage, but the guys are trained, Clint's reaction time is maybe half what it usually is, and nothing of his is getting by them.  Clint struggles to see Tony, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
OT9

freeform: 
Torture
Child Abuse
Kid Fic
Age Regression/De-Aging
Hurt/Comfort
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers

fandom: 
OT9

