Work Text:
Rain pitter-patters merrily on the windows when Phil finally makes it home. It's still light enough to see; the room is bathed in a soft blue-grey light filtered through clouds so low they were almost touching the top of the Avengers tower as Phil drove in. Raindrops dot the floor-to-ceiling windows of his apartment, and rivulets of water slide down the panes as Phil pads over the thick carpet covering the living room. He heads for the bedroom, because what he wants most of all right now is to take off the damn suit he has been wearing for four days straight and slip into a pair of worn jeans and one the warm cotton sweaters that are--that used to be his only weakness (and then go find his other, much more irresistible weakness). He's a day earlier than expected, but he hadn't called ahead. He hadn't been able to fight off the strange wish to surprise Clint, to see the way his face lights up just for Phil, even when it's only been an hour since they last saw each other. Make it five days on a stupid hand-holding mission that's the only thing he's allowed to do in the field yet, and Phil is ready to just curl up on the sofa and bury his head under Clint's arm, let the scent of soap and gun oil and the spicy hint of Clint's skin soothe him from the frustrations of the week. The apartment that Tony had given him on his 'return from the dead' is huge and lavishly appointed. High ceilings give the rooms an airy, open feel, like he can just stand in the middle of it all and breathe, in, out, as deeply as he needs to. Even when the light is dimmed, like now, they still make him want to stretch his body as high as it'll go and let the worries of the day fade away. So Phil does just that, breathes, shucks his suit jacket, unwinds his tie from around his neck and starts on the buttons of his shirt even before he pushes the door to his bedroom open -- and stops in his tracks.There is someone in his bed. Not just someone, the someone, the one Phil has been yearning to see almost since the moment he left. Clint is curled on his side, head nestled into Phil's pillow, eyes closed, back rising and falling evenly -- he's dozing, looks like he was watching the rain when he slipped under. There's one of Phil's soft blankets thrown over his middle, tucked under his arms; his hands rest close to his face. The overall picture makes Phil's gut cramp with emotion, with the kind of happiness he is still surprised he has somehow managed to earn. His fists clench in his shirt, and he bites hard on the inside of his cheek, forces his breath to calm and not release the whimper that wants to crawl out of his throat. He and Clint don't share apartments, not yet. It's mostly a moot point, since they are always in each other's space, just being there even if they aren't touching, or speaking. Almost from the start, it had been ridiculously easy to be together with no ulterior motive. The silence has never been awkward between them, no matter how much of it there had been. Still, Phil has been thinking more and more of just swallowing his apprehension and asking Clint to move in. It's not like he's--well, okay, he is a little worried that Clint might say no, he values his independence so highly. And anyway, Phil doesn't want to rock the boat any harder, not when what they have is so good, so--damn perfect, is what it is. He doesn't want it to change--But he can't deny that finding Clint asleep in his bed isn't doing things to him, isn't making a curl of possessive heat slink through his gut. Clint is here. He is Phil's, he said so himself, in front of witnesses too, but there's something so much more in finding Clint dozing on top of his sheets, there of his own free will, nowhere else he had wanted to be at that moment. Phil smiles, aware that it's probably ridiculously sappy but giving not a damn, and steps closer to the bed. Which is when he recognises the cool grey of the sweater that Clint is wearing, no, huddling into, hands curled in the sleeves, holding tight. It's the same sweater that he'd worn on their first hike together and many times since, and he'd always felt a zing of happiness at the way Clint's eyes would dart over him, lingering from time to time.If the sight of Clint in his bed had made that low hum of want in his belly wake up and sniff the air, seeing Clint in his sweater fans it into a full-blown pyre of need, to put his hands on Clint, to wake him up just so he can kiss him stupid. It's ridiculous, that seeing Clint wear that sweater should affect him so strongly, when this isn't the first time he has seen Clint in his t-shirts or sweatpants, but there's something in the way Clint holds himself, like he's hugging the sweater to his chest, that makes Phil's knees honest-to-god feel weak."I'm flattered 'bout warranting so much attention. I think," Clint murmurs without moving a single muscle other than his mouth. Phil's face flames. Busted ogling one's husband--hm. Not such a bad thing, actually. When he doe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Coda
Possessiveness
so in love
Established Relationship
married husbands
my Terry Pratchett obsession is showing even more
all the feeeeels
short and sweet
fluff and sex
warm and fuzzy sweater feelings
rainy afternoons in bed
Geekery
Phil is such a fanboy
sneaky sweater appropriation
Tattoos

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

