Chapter 1: Natalia
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 1987 – Aged 3 
 

Red Room Academy



Record Of Enrolment

Name: Natalia Alianovna RomanovaYear of birth: 1984Year of enrolment: 1987Nationality: SovietEthnicity: RussianRace: WhiteHair colour: RedEye colour: GreenStatus: Orphan 
 In Natasha's first memory, she was three years old.She woke up, lying on her back, a strange series of images and sounds flashing through her mind: a flash of brown, the clatter of hooves on tarmac, screeching tyres and a sudden, tremendous crunching noise. She shivered as the dream – yes, that's what it must be – continued playing in her mind. She was sat in the back seat of the car, craning her neck to see her parents who were sat in the front two seats, slumped forwards, red liquid covering their faces and arms as if they had got carried away whilst painting.They weren't moving.Her eyes snapped open and she sat up in the hospital bed, her head throbbing and her mind groggy as she clutched the hem of her dress in fright.She was sat in the middle of a busy hospital ward – the accident and emergency department – her parents nowhere to be seen.Rushing around her were men and women in white and blue uniforms, talking in loud, stressed voices; smears of red on their tight blue gloves.Natasha put her hands over her ears to muffle the noise. They were being too loud, it was too hectic; she wished they would be quiet.When she put her hands to her ears, she discovered her head was swaddled with bandages. It made her head feel too heavy, putting an uncomfortable pressure on her neck. She didn't like it."Mama!"A young nurse with kind blue eyes and long blonde hair turned towards her plaintive cry, quickly hurrying over and shining a light in her moist green eyes."How are you feeling, little one?" she asked gently, poking at Natasha's bandages which elicited a sharp scream from the toddler. "Can you see me OK? Can you hear me OK?"Natasha ignored her questions, peering around the room in search of her parents and trying to shuffle out of the bed. The nurse picked her up and placed her gently but firmly back in the middle of the bed. "I want Mama," said Natasha, her lip wobbling as pressure built up in her throat. "I want Daddy. Where are they?"The young nurse sat down on Natasha's bed, putting her thin arms around her and pulling her into a gentle hug as she stroked Natasha's curly red locks."They're in a special room. You can't see them right now," she said softly.Natasha whined with frustration, digging her feet into the bed. She wanted her parents. The hospital was noisy, busy and frightening. She didn't understand why she was there – had she been naughty? Was she being punished? Whatever the reason, she had had enough of the strange, unwelcoming environment. She wanted her parents to come and take her home."Do you remember what happened to you?" the nurse asked gently.Natasha looked up at the nurse, scrunching up her forehead in confusion. There was the strange dream she had had before waking up in the hospital bed – the one with the sound of hooves and the red paint on her sleeping parents – but before that everything was a strange blank.She clutched at the nurse's skirt as she shook her head."She was in a car crash with her parents," said a man's voice from the doorway. A tall male doctor wearing a white coat strode into the room. "The driver in the car behind them saw the whole thing. He said that he heard a shot and saw a deer run into the road. The car swerved to avoid it and wrapped itself around a tree. The parents never stood a chance."Natasha shook her head violently. The parents never stood a chance – what did that mean? A car crash – weren't those the things where cars would go out of control and hurt the occupants? Suddenly, the thought of her sleeping parents covered in red paint made her feel frightened and sick."No," she muttered to herself, putting her hands over her ears once again and moaning softly. "Mama. Daddy."The doctor squatted down next to the bed and removed her hands so she could hear."You name is Natalia Romanova, correct?" he said, his tone of voice seeming unfriendly and indifferent to her answer.The doctor scared her, he had big bushy eyebrows that were pulled down over his eyes in a permanent frown, the corners of his lips drooping in a way that made him look angry and fierce. She huddled closer to the young nurse, wrapping her arms around her middle and trying to hide behind her.The doctor sighed impatiently and grabbed her arm, forcing her to look at him. "Answer the question," he snapped. "Is your name Natalia Romanova?"Natasha tried to pull away from the doctor, turning her face away and feeling a cry bubbling up inside of her. Of course that was her name, her parents never struggled with her name, why was this doctor having so much difficulty with it? Perhaps he was stupid, she decided, maybe that was why he looked so cross, because he wish
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Cooper Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill & Natasha Romanov
Lila Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Origin Story
Red Room (Marvel)
Natasha Romanov-centric
Natasha Romanov Feels
Angst
Spy Natasha Romanov
Thriller
Action/Adventure
Dark
Character Study
Kidnapping
Brainwashing
Dark Past
Love
Friendship
Asexual Natasha Romanov
Death
Grief/Mourning
Dark Natasha Romanov
Rape/Non-con Elements
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
SHIELD
Hurt/Comfort
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Recovery
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Fluff
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
POV Natasha Romanov
Kid Natasha Romanov
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Cooper Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill & Natasha Romanov
Lila Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Natasha Romanov

