Chapter 1: To New Partners
    


Notes:
I am not a firefighter, nor do I play one on TV. I just really like men in uniform. And out of them.




Chapter Text
Chapter One“Hey Steve!”A close-cropped, blond head atop a tall, muscled frame lifts and Steve Rogers looks away from the pumper engine in front of him, with its shiny, red paint and sparkling chrome. Two engines and the paramedic MIDI are pulled out of their parking bays onto the short driveway to be washed. Every morning the engines are diligently scrubbed down, an old firehouse tradition. The voice comes from the left, from the fire station; it is a two story, red brick building with three large garage doors that house their vehicles. White paint over the center door proclaims this to be Brooklyn’s Station 242. A water-soaked sponge coming from the right hits Steve square in the chest and falls into his bucket with a wet plop; laughter can be heard from both directions. Steve looks down at his wet shirt in consternation. Tony Stark, his former crewmate and newly-promoted Battalion Chief is approaching from one of the open doors of the firehouse bay.   “Steve, Steve. Why did you let Clint have a sponge? You know he can’t be trusted with them.”“What are you two in, sixth grade?” Steve pretends to chastise them, like a parent scolding two small children. He’s used to Clint’s shenanigans and can’t even work up any real anger. Damn, that water is cold, though. “So what’s up?” Tony comes to a halt next to him and smiles, somewhat grimly. He is older than Steve, nearing fifty but still in great shape physically, with a trim waist, toned muscles, and not a hint of grey in his dark hair and goatee. “Just got the word from on high. We’re getting a transfer to replace me.”Steve drops his soapy sponge into the bucket and pulls his wet shirt away from his chest. “OK, so that’s not bad, is it?”Taking in a new squad member was never an easy thing. Firefighters depend on teamwork so much that it is quite a disruption in their routine to bring in someone new. Many teams are together for years, even decades, and function like a well-oiled machine. A transfer didn’t sound that bad to Steve; it would be worse if it was a rookie, fresh from the Academy, because there would be so much more training and orientation required. “He’s sort of a rookie,” Tony adds. Oh shit.“From Station 201.”OH SHIT. Steve is gaping a little, giving Tony a look like he just ate something distasteful, or got his foot stomped on. Station 201 was in another part of Brooklyn. It had a similar set-up and served a similar part of town as their own station, which was good. The problem was that Station 201 had just been hit with tragedy; a firefighter had been killed while out on a run at a structure fire less than a month ago. At that moment Clint, one of the two paramedics on Steve’s shift, makes an appearance by poking his light brown-haired head from around the end of the engine he is hosing off. “Did you just say we’re getting a rookie from 201?” His eyebrows have lifted into the stratosphere. “Yep,” Tony replied, rocking back on his heels with his hands stuffed into his pockets. “Who is it?” Steve wants to know, his head tilting to one side. Tony pauses and sighs once. “James Barnes, crewmate of Brock Rumlow.”
OH, FUCKING SHIT. 
Brock Rumlow was the fallen man, a decorated firefighter with more than twenty years of experience. It had been quite a loss. They had all attended the ceremony following his death, another firefighter tradition. Steve can picture it fresh in his mind.  The crowd had been huge, the accolades for the fallen man’s service long. Tony winces as Clint hurls some choice obscenities in their direction and disappears around the other side of the engine. “Don’t shoot the messenger!” Tony yells after him, cupping his hands around his mouth. Still silent, Steve gives Tony another look, blue eyes reproachful.“I know, I know, not ideal,” Tony acknowledges, but tries to put a good spin on it. “He’s not your typical rookie, though. Give him a chance. He’s going to need some tactful handling after going through that, so I knew you’d be good for him.”Steve shrugs modestly and resignedly. Whether Tony is buttering him up or not, no point making a stink about something that was going to happen, whether you wanted it to or not. He squints into the cool spring sun and bright blue sky. The day had started off like any other, but now definitely got more complicated. “I’m gonna miss you, Tony,” he admits. In reality, they will see each other every shift, as Tony’s new position is still based at their station. Now as Battalion Chief, Tony handles administrative duties, but it is also his duty to go to every fire site and direct operations. He and Steve won’t be working directly with each other as they did before. Firefighters work in pairs; Tony and Steve had been paired up for years, and worked with the seamless familiarity that came with years of practice. By this time, they could almost read e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
POV Steve Rogers
Fluff and Smut
Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers Feels
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Explicit Language
Firefighter Steve Rogers
Firefighter Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

