Chapter 1: Alas, New York
    




Chapter Text
Alas, New YorkThe stars were bright above New York City. It was a testament to humanity’s adaptability to even the strangest of circumstances that Tony barely noticed them anymore. They shone over the jagged edges of the broken skyline, the starlight catching on the rubble and the flitting exoskeletons of the invading species. The Chitauri didn’t mind the dark, apparently, or the hive mind back on their home planet didn’t let them mind it. Five years of occupation, and the humans still knew next to nothing what went on in that web of little bug brains. Either way, once they’d cut all human power to the city, they’d set up no alien replacement and thus—stars. And thanks to the destruction of nearly every skyscraper, Tony had an excellent view of the constellations.Look at me, Steve. I’m marveling at the beauty of the natural world, he thought wryly as he flew low to the ground, almost skimming the debris still littering the streets after all these years.  You’d be proud if you were here to see it.“Twenty-five percent power,” JARVIS reminded him as Tony banked onto the remains of Broadway. “I’d recommend turning back and starting the experiment again at a later date.”“Like hell,” Tony said. “I’m almost there.”JARVIS synthesized an approximation of tutting but otherwise stayed silent. Once the suit reached below thirty percent power, all nonessential features of the suit shut down. JARVIS finding new ways to call Tony an idiot, Tony had decided long ago, was a nonessential feature.He landed with an undignified clunk on a street corner and winced at the sound. He’d put off upgrading the suit’s stealth for too long in favor of working on the new probe currently beeping in the suit’s left arm.  It didn’t seem like anything was around to hear him, but you never knew if a Chitauri street patrol was around until they shoved their spear through you. Tony thought he was alone, and he decided to get out of there before he could be proven otherwise. He did hate being wrong.Tony pressed his back against the wall of a more-or-less intact building as he booted up the probe. “Tell me what I’m about to look at, JARVIS.”“No lifeforms outside the shield detected within fifty meters. Inside the shield, sir, is beyond my capabilities.”“Any patrols in the nearby blocks?”“Sir, this close to the shield, the scanners see far less than human eyes.”Tony sighed. “I know that, JARVIS. So the new filter’s not doing anything?”“Unfortunately not, sir.”Tony crouched below the average Chitauri eyelevel and peered around the corner. The coast seemed clear, and the last patrol he’d seen was ten blocks north and heading more so, chasing the timed charges Tony had placed throughout the city. The smallest of the Chitauri auxiliary nests was defenseless. Or, more accurately, unguarded, Tony thought as he studied the crackling silver and blue air that surrounded like a dome the twenty-story tall hive, built from the city’s scraps and the strange green bonding material that the Chitauri excreted. The sight of the hive made Tony’s skin crawl, but as long as that shield protected it, there wasn’t a hell of a lot Tony could do. Only Chitauri could get in and out of that shield. They flew through it like it wasn’t there. If Tony tried, well, the best case scenario was it would burn the suit clean away. Worst case, it fried the rest of him with it.With one more furtive look around, Tony kept low as he ran to the outer edges of the shield. The rusted frame of an old truck provided some shelter from bug eyes. This close to the shield’s energy, Tony flicked off most of JARVIS’s displays. Something about Chitauri energy always made him go haywire. The only thing JARVIS could successfully measure a foot away from the shield was the power of the shield itself, and that was all Tony needed at the moment. “Shield power at one hundred percent. The drill is ready, sir,” JARVIS said.Tony flicked his left wrist. A thin spike jutted out of the suit’s arm, deceptively simple and smooth. “Oh, you beauty,” Tony whispered as he extended the adamantium-coated tip into the shield wall. The shield sparked where the probe touched it, but just once. The tip held, protecting the delicate machinery inside from the shield’s defenses. The probe was the closest Tony could get to modified Chitauri tech that would actually serve a purpose without his old resources. Almost everything the Chitauri used relied on a low-level telepathic field, but the sensors that he’d been able to salvage from their speeders could be used even by a mute mind like his.“You getting this, JARVIS?” Tony asked as data streamed into the suit’s memory banks.“Always, sir. The readings are consistent with past probes.”Tony smiled grimly. “Let’s change that, JARVIS. Boot up the insecticide, two percent power.”The probe whirred gently as it fed killer energy into the shield. To borrow the incredibly simplified simile Tony had used to explain this to Pepper so she’d g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
POV Tony Stark
Surprise Pairing
Good Loki
(but still Dickish Loki)
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2013
Post-Apocalypse
but very optimistic about all that
Background Character Death

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Loki & Tony Stark

