Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Location: Unknown
Time: Unknown Stiles liked to think he had some sort of worth, but that was hardly true. Sure, he was intelligent beyond anyone his age (which he hid better than Lydia had) he was on the lacrosse team, he was the Sheriffs son, and all that jazz, but he'd always felt like that was it and no one paid for potential. Maybe he'd grow up and make a difference and maybe he could do something valuable with his life, but that could be years from now, if ever. He knew he wasn't worthless, per say, he just had never thought he'd be worth all that much.  Which is honestly what boggled his mind about the whole situation. Because realistically speaking, Beacon Hills was a pretty small town and he wasn't sure his dad had been stupid enough to piss anyone this skilled off so very royally.  Briefly, he wondered if his dad had been a secret agent in another life, but quickly shut off the idea. Sheriff Stilinski was a boringly normal person and the apple never fell far from the tree with that one.  Which of course begged the question, what the hell was so special about him? I mean, it had to be his fault, right? This couldn't be his dad's fault, and it certainly wasn't something that the pack had done (God knows they don't even need Stiles anymore) that could have landed him here. He knew from the way the knots around his wrists were tied that he's been taken by professionals. He had an IV bag attached to his arm, barely keeping him alive. Though, Stiles supposed it wouldn't be that hard to google how much nutrients a human of his height and weight would need to survive and fix the dosage accordingly. Maybe he hadn't been taken by professionals; perhaps it was your everyday Joe that wanted to get back at the sheriff of a small town.  Of course Stiles didn't actually believe that, but he tried to. He doesn't believe it because he knew, he knew that he'd been tied up here for more than a month and that no amateur would've been able to keep him that long. He knew that the man who entered his cell every morning wasn't just some guy with a vendetta. He knew that the deputies had probably already sat his dad down and given him the stats. He knew that they've probably already buried an empty coffin and that his dad fell back into the bottle.  Stiles shuddered, thinking about his dad drowning in a pool of his own vomit.  He wasn't blindfolded but it was too dark to see anything safe for the table in front of him and the chair across it from where his daily visitor sat. He couldn't hear anything outside, not even the sound of traffic or the hustle and bustle of the urban lifestyle.  The horrible scraping sound of the heavy metal door opening snapped Stiles from his thoughts. He looked up and grinned, a cynical little thing. Over the past 37 days, he learned not to fight it. "You should really get some oil on those hinges," Stiles said, almost thoughtfully. His torturer paid him no attention, choosing instead to walk over to the set of tools that laid on the table, rusting with red liquid. "Seriously though, it's really annoying."  It was his only defense at this point, and both Stiles and his keeper knew it. He tried his damnest not to look at the marks (experiencing the pain was bad enough) but occasionally his eyes would fall and he'd see the evidence off his time here. The man in front of him, if he could even be called that, paid no mind to the previous wounds. You'd think that be great but it truly wasn't. Stiles knew that there wasn't an inch of his skin that hadn't been marked. He shifted uncomfortably as his bruised bare ass protested against the hard metal chair, a constant reminder.  "You know, I finally figured out who you are," Stiles went for tempting, but the man in front of him continued to ignore him. "It took me some time, but with the lack of things to occupy me, I figured it out. You know, I almost didn't," he scoffed. The man grabbed a tool, a clip of sorts that was placed on Stiles tongue and allowed to heat up until he was screaming. The teen gulped.  "I never thought I'd be glad for taking world history," he decided that if he was gonna die here, his assassin should at least know that Stiles knew who he was. "I bet you know all about history, Sergeant Barnes."  The man froze, still holding the clip in his hand. For a brief, fleeting moment, Stiles allowed himself to think that this could be it, that he could finally be free, but before he has the time to comprehend what's happening, the man was surging forward and prying Stiles' jaw open. He pulled Stiles tongue so hard that it tore and stabbed the clip into the soft flesh. Only this time, the clip didn't gradually increase in heat. This time, it was burning hot from the first touch and Stiles didn't have a second to adjust.  It should be able to scream, but he did and it sounded like an animal behind skinned alive.  *** The Avengers Tower,
12:09 No one ever claimed Tony Stark was a rational man. If they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Stiles Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Stiles Stilinski/Original Female Character(s)
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Angst
Heavy Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Torture
Blood and Gore
Blood and Torture
Rape
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Stiles Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
batgirl inspired character
Stiles Stilinski as Spider-Man
Bruce Wayne is Batman
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Stiles-centric
Hurt Stiles

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Stiles Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Stiles Stilinski/Original Female Character(s)
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski

