Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Bucky, will you marry me?” asked Steve.Tony froze and so did his entire world.Tony had been dating Bucky and Steve for two years. It had taken almost seven months to actually get together – mostly because Tony was so uncertain that there was a place for him in there perfect relationship. Steve and Bucky had both worked hard to make sure Tony understood that they valued him and wanted him in their relationship in an equal part. And for two years Tony had believed them. Until now.“Yes!” said Bucky, smiling at Steve, taking the simple golden band from Steve’s hand.As the two kissed Tony watched and he knew that it was the end for him. Because it just wasn’t fair. That was so much of his life, the unfairness of never being first when it mattered. And he couldn’t even bring himself to be surprised.“Let’s go to dinner to celebrate,” suggested Steve.“Anything you want, future husband,” said Bucky with a dreamy smile that made Tony’s stomach churn because he knew it wasn’t directed at him.“You coming Tony?” asked Steve, looking over his shoulder at the genius on his way to the door.“No,” said Tony.Tony didn’t even bother coming up with an excuse but it didn’t matter because Steve just shrugged and walked out the door with Bucky.With a sigh, Tony sat down and looked around the bedroom. It used to be just his bedroom but after he started dating Bucky and Steve they had moved into it with him. The room was filled with memories of their times together, pictures of some of their dates, Bucky’s dirty socks near the hamper – but never in because Bucky was too lazy to actually try – and Steve’s bathrobe hanging on the closet door. Tony’s suit jacket was over the desk chair. The bed was made with military precision, the blanket Bucky’s favorite shade of green. Tony’s pillow was right in the middle where the genius slept because the ex-assassin and soldier had issues sleeping anywhere but on the edge in case of threats. Tony curled up in the center of the bed. He could have gone to any of the spare rooms but he didn’t want to go to another room, he wanted to stay there in his own enormous bed, go to sleep, and pretend that one of his boyfriends hadn’t proposed to the other and hadn’t even bothered to talk to him about it. Maybe when he woke up it would turn out to be a dream.-	To Have and to Hold –“Please,” begged Steve. “You have to come to the wedding.”“No, I really don’t,” snapped Tony. “Why are you being so selfish?” said Bucky, glaring at Tony from across the workshop. “Steve and I have been working our asses off trying to plan this wedding and you have done nothing but whine about the fact that you’re not getting married too. Steve can only legally marry one of us!”“And he picked you!” yelled Tony, tears in his eyes. “He fucking picked you.”“Tony,” said Steve, sounding pained, reaching out for the billionaire but freezing when Tony flinched out of reach. “It’s not that I love Bucky more, it’s just that I’ve loved him longer.”“I get it,” said Tony softly. “I’ve paid for your wedding but I’m not going. Now get out.”“No,” said Bucky.“Fine,” said Tony, sounding as exhausted as he felt. “Then I’ll go.”So Tony left. He donned the suit and flew out of the Tower, leaving his boyfriends in the workshop in various states of upset.-	To Have and to Hold –When he opened his eyes, it was to the hospital walls and a minor panic attack because he was too weak to move.“Slow your breathing there asshole,” said Rhodey, leaning into Tony’s view. “You’re in the hospital because you haven’t eaten a proper meal in almost four months and haven’t slept since the wedding nine days ago. Basically, you’ve worked yourself into exhaustion and collapsed.”Tony groaned and closed his eyes again.“Listen,” said Rhodey with a sigh. “I know you’re bummed about Steve and Bucky getting married but you can’t destroy yourself over it.”Tony turned his head away, not interested in listening to his long time best friend who just didn’t get it.“Talk to me, please,” begged Rhodey.“You don’t get it,” muttered Tony petulantly, knowing he sounded like a child but honestly too tired to care too much.“Then explain it to me!”“Why did they have to get married?” said Tony, his calm but sad tone breaking Rhodey’s heart. “Why couldn’t they have just broken up with me in private instead of having a whole party to celebrate?”“They didn’t-““And if they didn’t want to break up with me, why didn’t they just stay in a long term relationship with me? Since not all of us can marry each other why couldn’t they just keep everyone the same? They claim to love me as much as each other but they still chose each other over me.”“Tony,” said Steve’s choked voice from the door, causing the genius to look over and find the two men he loved and who he thought loved him standing there looking like he had physically struck them with his armor.“Well it’s true,” said Tony, not backing down now that they were present. “It doesn’t matter what you say, you chose Bucky ove
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Break Up
Kinda
Weddings
Marriage Proposal
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Rhodey
steve is an idiot
So is Bucky
Poor Tony
Insecure Tony
Angst
happyish ending
Idiots in Love
Mild Language
Sassy Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

