Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy jerked upright in the chair she’d sat down in when she got Bucky’s call.  Loki stood at her side, a hand at her temple.
“The hell?”
“Your seidr was interacting badly with something, causing pain, I was merely removing the pain.  You have very interesting powers, Lady Darcy.”
“Yeah, you could say that.  Steve, I need sitrep on all Avengers.”  She tried to block the pictures of her friends under the word ‘kill’ on Bucky’s mission brief.
“Tony is at the Dakota safe house with Pepper and, well.  Thor is getting you Gatorade with Jane, Bruce is out helping with clean up duty today, Clint and Nat are at HQ filling out forms with Coulson.  As of last mandated check five minutes ago, all are alive and well.”  He looked at her funny.  “Are all the swaps with him so bad?”
“Only when they prep him for a mission.  Electric shocks, like I did to Loki.”  Both men hissed in sympathy as Thor helped wheel Jane into the intact-ish level of Stark Tower they’d turned into Avenger Central.
“I got you the blue kind, that good?” Jane asked.  “The medical response team basing out of five really hates giving up supplies.”
“It’s fine, and we did sort of destroy large chunks of infrastructure, they have a right to be pissy.  Someone pull up a conference com, I need to talk to the others.”
Thor passed Jane a tablet and she entered the right codes.
“This is Lieu, I need a sound-off,” Darcy said into the open room.
“Jeez, Lewis, you got your check in five minutes ago.  Fine, Iron Man, present.”
“Bruce, present.”
“This is Widow, I’m available but Barton is stuck in a therapy session.  Is it wrong to murder incompetents?”
“YES!” said everyone on the line.
“Sammy boy, you with us?”
“Yes I am here Miss Lewis, although I would appreciate a different code name.  Sitwell has a cool code name.  I have a cool code name.  But you never call me Byzantine.”
“Wait, you’re Byzantine?  Sorry, I don’t track the real identities of recruits to H.E.R.O.  But we have a problem on our hands.  Last POW Standing has been reactivated.  We’re the targets.”
“Say WHAT now?” Tony demanded.
“Squids are unhappy with us, we’re strong, we work well together, and we are not theirs.  As far as they know, he has an excellent making people dead record.  Regroup at the Tower when you can.  We need to combine knowledge.  Lieu, signing off.”  She counted the sign-offs and looked at her friends.
“We can do this, Angel,” Steve reassured her.
“I know, it’s just… been so long.  I didn’t think I’d have the kinds of extra targets to protect that I do.  I….”
“Lady Darcy, if I may,” Loki began softly, like he was expecting her to stop him, “the Avengers are not easy targets.  All of them have survived people trying to kill them, I tried to kill some of them, so I know how hard it is.  They are warriors who fight beside you, not innocents you must defend.”
“Right.  Resources.”  She turned her mind to planning, the webbing of false security she had woven under Hydra’s feet, and knew what to do.  Hitting a button on her laptop she pinged Natasha.  “Is Lucky Thirteen anywhere onsite?”
“I saw her in the elevator, she hit 42.”
“Ok, good.  I’m activating Heracles Burn, be advised.”
“Understood.  Barton has five more minutes; we’ll be on our way home in ten.”
“That’s more than enough, thanks Nat.”
“Heracles Burn?” Steve asked her.
“Remember the Kilroy letter?  Where I told Schmidt his logo sucked?”
“Yeah, many heads versus many tentacles.”
“Heracles slew the original monster of myth by burning the heads, not cutting them off.  The burnt heads could not regrow new ones, no two more to take its place.  In the world of spies, being outed as a spy is called being burned.  See where I’m going?”
“You want to burn all the heads.”
“With napalm if needed,” she agreed happily, then turned back to her phone, hitting the alert app.

Operation Heracles Burn is going Active in T minus three minutes.  Places, people.

She dialed a number she’d memorized and the call was picked up halfway into the first ring.
“Lucky, you’re on first, I need Black Cat active.”
“Black Cat prepared to launch, do I have an updated target list?”
“Being sent now.” Darcy said as she clicked the send button on the email she had opened a moment before.
“Received.  Black Cat going live.  Hit ‘em where it hurts, ma’am.”
“Plan to, Lucky, make your Aunt proud.”  She hung up and dialed another number.
<^>
Steve made sure everyone coming in was up to speed on the operation Darcy was running from her laptop.  Bruce nodded and went to grab a shower, which, frankly, was a great idea, because he was covered in dust and stank.  Natasha and Clint just nodded before retreating into the room they’d claimed, and Phil explained they’d all had roles before the Avengers had to go public.  He borrowed a computer, Tony left tablets lying around like mints in a bowl, and retreated to a corner to initiate his part of the plan.  Tony and Pepper came in and Tony was looking a little steadier than he had right after the who
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sequel
Ruining Hydra's day
Feels
Angst
Guilt
Canon Disabled Character
Disabled OC
Mutants
The Red Room
Red Room Girls
Adoption
Team as Family
Darcy's Weirder Than You
Found Family
Enemies to Friends
Friends to family
autistic characters
Self Care is Saving the Day
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Thanos' A+ parenting
Hank Pym's A+ Parenting
Scott Lang is a Good Dad
perceived character death
Temporary Character Death
Unprotected Sex
Consensual Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

