Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Weird, really, how they all fit.
Tony's always been a bit of a toppy-possessive bastard. He suspects he got it from Howard; all those bullshit 'My Son The Strong Alpha Male(TM)' speeches latching onto the more bestial part of his brain and festering there. Tony's fine with sharing, that's not it – he's enjoyed several many-somes in his life before now. It's just that he's usually the only Alpha. Or if not, he's at least the one to call the shots.
So yeah, it had surprised him when this Tony-and-Clint thing had somehow turned into a Tony-and-Clint-and-Steve thing, and Steve had let his Alpha scent roll off him in waves and brought Barton to his knees, and Tony's own inner Alpha had... quietly backed off.
Maybe it was something about the serum, that Steve was the epitome of human perfection blah blah blah. Maybe it was the fact that even pre-serum Steve, that tiny little asthmatic dude Tony's seen in pictures Steve has since shown him, had still been an Alpha, and the serum only accentuated and made that more obvious. Maybe it's just that Steve is Steve and no matter how much Tony's Alpha brain wants to rumble about Captain America stealing his Omega, the rest of him knows all too well that that's not something the guy would ever do.
Tony doesn't know. But he really fucking likes it.
"Look at you, all wrecked," Steve sighs and slides down onto the couch to wrap around Clint. Their archer's sweating bullets and shivering like a leaf, curled up in a heap on the couch of their shared apartment and making low, hurt noises. Clint's off Avenger duty when he's in heat, but the rest of the team aren't, and unfortunately, killer unicorn robots (no, Tony's not shitting) don't tend to give a damn that Tony and Steve would rather spend today home with their Omega than fighting in Central Park.
Not that it matters now. The unicorns are disassembled and the rest of the team – save for Bruce, who's still his non-angry self and tinkering down in the lab – are doing the clean-up. There is nowhere Tony and Steve need to be but right here, right now.
"Mmmmwuh," Clint says, about as coherent as he can get when he's reaching the peak of his cycle. Steve draws him into his lap, Clint still curled up into this way-too-small ball version of himself. Steve's scent, rich, deep and earthy instead of the almost nauseatingly musky scent some Alphas have, helps. To some extent, at least. Clint seeks him out, curling in to sniff at Steve's collarbone and rub his nose against Steve's skin. But he's still jittery, twitching like he's suffering the aftermath of an electrocution. So Tony sits down next to Steve, angling himself so his front presses against Clint's back, the two Alphas framing their Omega safely between them.
"Sorry we were delayed, babe," Tony says into the sweaty hair that curls around Clint's nape, and the other shivers pleasantly. "Wanna-be nemesis, you know how it goes."
Clint only whimpers quietly and tries to move towards both of them at the same time, needing them closer. He smells heavenly; like citrus and motor oil and disinfectant. Tony doesn't know why those are his favorite smells in this world, but they are; Steve, apparently, smells completely different things. Leather, he'd told Tony once, and fresh bread and the wool blankets they kept in the army barracks.
It's a strange thing, the pheromone effect. It's what had alerted Clint and Tony to Steve in the first place; the way his eyes had widened as Clint was entering his heat. Not in possessiveness or feral lust, but in wonder and longing."Come on, Clint," Steve murmurs and tightens his grip around the archer's waist. "Let's get you a little more comfortable."Steve's strangely unflappable, Tony's learned since he first met the de-frozen guy. He's taken to the twenty-first century better than anyone had any right to assume. But in some ways, he's still a '40's kid – still a goddamn romantic. Now, he slides a hand underneath Clint's legs and lifts him, bridal style, and carries him into their shared bedroom. Tony chuckles and Clint is just far enough gone not to bitch about it, instead frowning faintly and looking around for his other Alpha. Tony laces their fingers, Clint relaxing at the touch.
Steve usually has the first go. It's not so much an Alpha thing; they all know how the ranking goes and they don't feel the need to shove it down the other's throat (except Clint, of course, who loves getting things shoved down his throat). It's mostly just the fact that the serum gives him a shorter refractory period than Tony, which means that when their boy's in heat, he'll have the possibility of someone's knot in him pretty much non-stop for the worst day if he needs it.
Clint's starting to shake again, now. He's a quiet Omega, one of the quietest Tony has experienced. He doesn't know why, though it seems trained; Clint biting off his sounds and moans for as long as possible, as if afraid someone will hear them. Tony doesn't know who did tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
mentions of Pepper/Happy
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Tony
Alpha!Steve
omega!Clint
Threesome - M/M/M
brief hurt!Clint
brief hurt!Tony
Getting Together
Established Relationship
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Sharing
Beta!Pepper
Beta!Coulson
alpha!bruce
Omega!Hulk
everything/nothing!Natasha
Asgard ain't got no A/B/O
Fluff
SO MUCH FLUFF
Movie Spoilers
Smell pheromones are a thing
Omega!Happy
Alpha!Jane
#coulsonlives
Knotting

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
mentions of Pepper/Happy
Jane Foster/Thor

