Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Steve woke up really cold hearing static on the radio before it started playing a lullaby. He whined at the cold, thinking his blanket probably fell off in his sleep. He cleared his voice before calling out.
"Daddy?" He whimpered. "Dada, cold. Daddddyy." Steve opened his eyes and looked around, confused. This isn't his room. He suddenly remembered everything that's happened the last few days. He was definitely not supposed to be big that day on the plane, but Daddy was there protecting him. He was supposed to be little and play with all his friends and cuddle with his Daddy, but it was important to be on the plane fighting Red Skull.
Steve remembered the crash. He remembered reaching for Daddy and crying for him in the icy cold water. He knew Daddy didn't mean to leave him, but he fell out of the plane and Steve was alone. And littles are never supposed to be alone like that. He was terrified, but it didn't take long for him to pass out and then he wasn't scared anymore because he was going to be with Daddy.
Except now he's awake and he's really cold and he doesn't know where he is and Daddy's not there!
Steve started crying and shaking. He doesn't even have his blankie or his bear. He's had his blankie since he was born and his teddy bear since his 7th birthday where Bucky gave it to him.
"Captain Rogers," a lady greeted, walking into his room.
"Where am I?" Steve cried. "Where's Daddy?"
The lady walked over and crouched next to him. "You're in a recovery room in New York. We're still looking for your daddy." Steve heard the static on the radio again and jumped, quickly bringing his thumb to his mouth. "I'm sorry, sweetie. This radio is very old. It doesn't work properly." Steve continued crying with his thumb in his mouth.
"Want Daddy. And Bear."
"We still don't know where your dad is, but we're gonna get you your teddy bear soon, okay?"
"Tay. Cold." Steve looked down at his thin pants and t-shirt, shivering.
"Okay, let's get you in some jammies. Sound good?" Steve nodded and sat still while the nurse got pajamas for him. They were blue with green dinosaurs, cowboys, and spacemen. The nurse stripped him and changed his diaper before putting the fleece pajamas on him along with blue fuzzy socks. "I'm going to go get you a bottle. I'll be right back." Steve nodded and looked outside into the hallway, confused because it didn't look like a hospital hallway. Steve shakily climbed out of the bed and tiptoed to the door. He looked outside and his eyes widened. This doesn't look anything like a hospital or anything he's used to. He managed to see a calendar across the room and tiptoed out of the room to the calendar.
November 18, 2011.
Steve saw people moving towards him and ran away outside of the building he was in and just got more confused when he saw the cars and buildings and big signs. He ended up falling onto his butt as he cried. A tall man that looked kind of like a pirate got there and knelt down next to him.
"Hello, Captain," he greeted. "Let's go somewhere quiet so I can explain everything to you." Steve nodded and reached his arms up. The pirate helped him stand and got him seated in a car seat with a bottle. Steve continued crying quietly as he drank his bottle, afraid. The pirate put on lullabies until they got to their destination and Steve got to come out of the car seat and follow the pirate into a new building.
"Daddy here?" Steve asked, holding the pirate's hand as he was led to the elevator.
"No, Captain, I'm sorry. People are still looking for him. We'll find him, I promise."
"Otay, Mr. Pirate."
"My name is actually Director Fury."
"D-diecter Furry?"
"Close enough. Do you want to hit that button? The number 62?"
"Uh-huh." Steve held tightly to Fury's hand and pressed the button, gasping when it lit up.
"Good job, kiddo." Steve smiled. When they stopped moving, Director Fury took Steve and sat him in a chair. "Alright. Now how old are you, Steve?"
"I'm dis many," Steve answered, holding up two fingers.
"Do you think you could be a few more than that? Like 19 more." Steve pouted, but worked on aging up. It took ten minutes for him to be big. He was still terrified, though and really confused.
"W-where am I?" Steve asked. "I'm big now, just tell me where I am and what's going on."
"You're at S.H.I.E.L.D headquarters in New York. It's 2011."
"How? It was 1944 when Bucky and I went in the plane...."
"When the plane crashed, Bucky fell out. We're still looking for him. Because of the cold water, you froze, just like an ice cube. We found you, a few weeks ago, and got you unfrozen. Then it was just a matter of waiting for you to wake up."
"The war...who won?"
"We won, Cap." Steve smiled. So this wasn't all for nothing. "Things nowadays are very different from your time."
"I can tell."
"More than just the cars and technology, Cap. I can explain that at a later date, though."
"Does the military still have people who are little?"
"More than just the military
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
ABDL
little Steve
Baby Steve
little clint
Baby Bruce
how do I tag??
I'll just add tags later
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Wetting
Bathing/Washing
Therapy
Therapist Sam Wilson
little loki
Mind Control
Occasional spankings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

