Work Text:
The most severe change between past and future isn't the technology, Steve thinks. It isn't the wealth of material goods and the advancements in all fields of science – it's not even the transistor or the microchip that Stark seems to worship.Its how people view Soulmates.In the future they don't even call them Soulmates anymore. It has to do with some self-independence movement and psychology and some other things and these days people just don't think about it the same way they once did. Soulmates aren't a good thing, anymore.They call it Resonance and judging by the looks of things – history books, news reports, personal blogs and so many small scandals – it's no longer considered a happy, miraculous thing when you met your Soulmate. No, it's pretty much the complete opposite."It has nothing to do with destiny or fate – it's a matter of luck and coincidence," one of the early scientists wrote around 60', back when they'd first broken through the ancient taboos and started to poke at the truth behind the myths. "Human mind is nothing but biological electrical engine, and it puts out its own magnetic field. Every person has his own field – but! There are billions of people on the Earth nowadays. With so many people, coincidences happen and sometimes those fields match. And that is all it is – a coincidence."Steve had been taught differently, but he'd been taught a lot of things differently. The modern age had decades of scientific research behind it, tests and experiments, not all of them ethical – he couldn't even finish the article about the Werner Lovers without feeling sick. The modern age had done it's research, had cracked open the taboo and peered at its innards.And they don't call them Soulmates anymore.Steve had never had much of an opinion on Soulmates – Resonants. He'd only met one back in his time and that only in passing – during an USO show in Chicago. They'd asked for his autograph which he'd given, shaken their hands and then moved into the next fan. Even back when people still actively looked for their Soulmate – their Resonance – it had been rare. One in five hundred had the chance of meeting theirs, wasn't it? Or maybe one in five thousand. It had been rare anyway.He'd never expected to find his. Not just because it was just unlikely and he never actually went out looking – but because sickly people rarely met theirs. Nowadays people knew that people with infections tended not to have much of a Resonance – their Resonant could be sitting right beside them and they'd never know. Back then it had been just a fact of life, another part of life Steve had had to contend with.And when he'd stopped being sick, he'd started being busy, and it never even crossed his mind. He didn't have that pressing, romantic urge to be Whole. Maybe once the War would be over, maybe once there'd be peace and he could settle down, then maybe he'd go looking, go to the parties and meetings and see...At most it had been a daydream, something akin to "One day I'll be famous and rich." He dreamed, same as every lonely soldier, "One day I'll be Whole." Nice but hardly realistic.Another word they don't use anymore in conjunction to Resonance – Whole. Its not considered becoming Whole anymore. Meeting your Resonant won't make you Better or Perfect or any other of those words they used to use, back in the day.Now?Finding your Resonant means dying.
 There are still Resonants and people who seek it out – new opinions and sciences couldn't make people less lonely, after all. There were still those willing – even eager – to make that leap.Its rare and generally frowned upon though. Sometimes it leads into criminal charges – sometimes there are lawsuits. They're awkward and horrible and the few Steve reads make him feel uneasy... but Resonance still happens.And reading about it Steve realises he doesn't actually know much about how it works or what happens in Resonance. What do people actually go through, when it happens. What happens to them?Going looking for facts is maybe not the best course of action to take when you were in the care of a spy agency.
 "So I hear you've mastered Google," Fury comments, watching from the side as Steve pounds into the punching bag."It isn't exactly complicated – you write questions and it gives answers," Steve says and holds his punch back to keep himself from demolishing another bag. "I don't need to know how it works to figure out how to use it.""Hm," Fury agrees, amused. "Funny how all our psychoanalysts were dead certain it would take half a year at minimum to adjust to modern technology.""We had typewriters back in the day – and you're still using the same keyboard," Steve points out and looks at the man. "I can pretend technological illiteracy if that makes you happy but modern technology isn't actually as complicated as you people seem to think it is. Most of it is actually pretty simple to operate."And he really wishes people would stop explaining microwave ovens to him and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Trope Subversion/Inversion
Soul Bond
Soulmates in negative light
POV Outsider
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

