Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony turned around with his chair and pushed himself off his desk rolling across . The alarm was blearing and Tony was annoyed. Normally the alarm was going off and then immediately stopped again as whoever dared to enter his property was turned away by the warning shots from his automated turrets. It hadn't stopped though and Tony was worried this was a full-blown assault. The genius inventor had made lots of enemies over time, willingly and not so willingly, including people in his own company. He wouldn't put it past them to try and get rid of him with more violent means than complotting against him in business meetings. Ever since his unfortunate run in with his surrogate father Obidiah a couple of years ago that changed his life forever. As if being trapped in a cave in Afghanistan for months wasn't enough, no, the person he had trusted the most in his life betrayed him and infected him with the vampiric serum. Stane had hoped it would undermine his ability to run the company and it had almost worked. Tony pushed the memories aside and gestured with his hands over the table, blue screens appeared in mid air,
When JARVIS brought up the sourvailance camera footage from outside Tony was surprised to see a huge black animal attacking one of his turrets, tearing into it with such ferocity sparks were flying. It had the size of a bear but was much leaner.... Could it be? Tony could only wonder about what exactly was destroying his defense system for a few moments when the animal turned and leaped, chomping down on the camera. The last thing Tony saw was a mouthfull of sharp teeth. "J." Tony simply said and his AI responded immediately."The suit is ready, Sir." It took all of thirty seconds for Tony to put the suit on and fly out of the mansion. JARVIS guided him to the edge of his vast property where the intruding animal was wrecking havoc. He told JARVIS to turn off the turrets. Once in range he fired a warning shot in front of it as it was dodging bullets from the next turret he was attacking. The beast was fast, incredibly fast, and now that Tony got a closer look he also knew why.
That was a werewolf. And a big one too.Whoever sent it probably thought it was enough to overwhelm the young vampire, but they hadn't counted on the Iron Man suit. Tony might not be a very strong vampire as he had only been turned a couple of years ago, but he still had his suits from before and he still improved upon them. The wolf had stopped tearing into the machinery and had turned to look at him, Tony prepared another shot but halted, maybe it would run away, now that it saw who it was up against. Then Tony noticed something else.Was the werewolf wagging its tail? -----The smell was here. The delicious smell, almost covered by oil and metal but it was definitly here. The asset turned around and it didn't take long to see the flying machine just a few meters away. He was eagerly awaiting commands. The people who had owned him previously had been called handler, so he adapted the name. This was his new handler, he decided. He didn't decide often, others decided for him most of the time. During the mission three nights ago something has happened. He had been hit with a blast and when he woke back up his head hadn't been fuzzy anymore. There was no red tinge to his vision and then he had smelled it.  The smell that had compelled him to abandon his handlers and search for it.The person was also a vampire but this didn't bother the asset. He had killed a lot of vampires in the past but they were stronger than this one. They all had smelled really bad and he was glad to get rid of them. This one will need his protection.The nice smell got stronger when the flying machine opened a plate and he could see the face of the person."Sit."This was a command he could follow, very easy. He sat down and waited again. His broken front leg hurt where it was connected, but this also didn't matter, he tried not to put weight on it. After the fight with the machines he was exhausted, but he needed to keep going. The wounds under his thick coat were still bleeding sluggishly and he was close to passing out. His handler was here now.The flying machine landed in front of him and he let out a soft whine, he wanted to get closer, but he had been told to sit. "They didn't tell me about this in Vampire 101..." The person scoffed and the asset turned his head. "You look almost cute."The wolf whined again."Aw fuck. I'm going to regret this. You don't want to kill me, do you? I'm pretty sure werewolfs can't put up an act, something about being led by their instincts." The asset lay down, putting his head on his front paws and letting out a soft whine. He tried to not look threatening. He didn't want to kill his new handler.--------JARVIS adviced against it, but he argured if he kept on the armor for now nothing would happen. This werewolf was different. He knew how werewolfs acted normally, all growly and flashing teeth. This on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Alternate Universe - Vampire
vampire!Tony
werewolf!Bucky
Hurt/Comfort
lots of fluff
the literal kind as well
Aftermath of Torture

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

