Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He could take it.
The sight was terrifying.
But he could take it.
Thor sat on the sofa, tenderly cradling that long-limbed body in his lap like a child. He was stroking down matted, black curls gently, which blocked any view there was to be had of that bashed, bloody face. The prone figure was wrapped in Thor's once scarlet cape, gone brown with blood. Soft whimpers of pain were muffled against Thor's chest. One pale hand that appeared to have been crushed hung limp over Thor's shoulder. 
Bruce and Steve exited the elevator, rolling a stretcher to where Thor sat. Thor did not want to relinquish his hold, but after Bruce explained the benefits of lying straight when most of one's bones are broken, he complied. But when he laid the trembling form on the soft sheet and let go, a screech tore through room. Bony fingers clutched Thor's sleeve weakly, refusing to let loose. 
Thor removed the hand with little effort and held it between his own. "It's alright, brother," he said, in a quiet voice unusual for him. "I shall not leave you."
And that was it. He'd tried hard, so hard to not leave the beaten body without an identity. This couldn't be a person. This couldn't be someone he knew.
This couldn't be Loki.
But it was. Loki. God of mischief. Trickster. Silver-tongue. 
Strong. Intelligent. Proud.
Broken. Bleeding. 
"Brother!"
Having a seizure.
And when Loki's head suddenly turned toward him, one visible eye wide and a trickle of red leaving his lips, Tony Stark could no longer take it.
And no small wonder.
His stomach flipped. He had no choice but to heave. When he finished, he realized that Bruce had sedated Loki. As Steve wheeled the stretcher back to the elevator, Tony- breathless- growled rather than spoke:
"Whoever did this? Yeah, they're gonna die."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Intersex Loki
Aftermath of Torture
Loki Feels
Protective Thor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Poor Loki
Pregnant Loki
Asgardians Are Kind Of Jerks
Except Thor This Time
And Tony Stark Wants Revenge
Brain Damage
Loki And Steve Are Becoming Besties
Loki Knows Exactly What's Going On
Loki's Hurt- Not Dumb
Natasha And Clint Have Good Intentions
Steve Is a Good Bro
Loading Author's Faculties: Please Wait
April 30th
2019 -- Author Has Been Resurrected and Will Update Again!!!

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

