Work Text:
Peter woke up the morning after the field trip and the whole world was bright and loud. He couldn’t figure it out at first: all he knew was that suddenly everything was so much more. Before he even opened his eyes, he felt like he was aware of everything in the room – the breeze blowing back his curtains ever so slightly, the spider crawling on the windowsill.Upstairs Mrs. Chen had her television blaring. In the kitchen he could hear Ben hum Sinatra as surely as if he was in the room. The radio was on, and Trish Talk was playing too loud. Ben was shuffling backwards in his socked feet, scraping at something -- probably the nonstick pan. May was going to have a fit. Peter turned and smothered his face in the pillow.Then he rolled over and opened his eyes and wondered why, when he’d obviously forgotten to take his glasses off before bed again, there was no bulky plastic frame digging into the bridge of his nose.He touched his face; no frames. No lenses.Peter closed his eyes and opened them again. Everything was still bright and sharp, almost painfully in focus. He couldn’t remember ever seeing his bedroom ceiling so clearly – every chipped flake of paint, every hairline crack, the sudden depth of color.His glasses were where he’d left them on the bedside table. He fumbled for them, and the world descended back into a blurry mess. He took them off: crystal clarity, so crisp it almost gave him a headache. He put his glasses back on: blurry. Off: clear. On: blurry.Peter remembered, with all the surround sound technicolor detail of a fifteen-year-old neurotic, watching some television show with May, once, about a woman who had gotten her eyesight back after hitting her head in a fall.He remembered his own tumble to the ground yesterday, just after that spider bit him on the class field trip. The memory was overlaid with Flash Thompson’s laughter.He opened and closed his eyes one more time, just to be sure, and then pinched himself. His vision stayed eerily clear, and now his arm stung too.
Weird.
“Peter!” Ben called, jovial. He was a morning person, which was enough of a headache on days Peter’s eyesight hadn’t spontaneously fixed itself. “Breakfast isn’t going to eat itself!”Peter raised himself up on his elbows, struggling out of bed. The floor felt strange against the bare soles of his feet – the room pushed in on him, an awareness all over his skin. The sunlight streamed in bright through the window, warm against his back.“Coming!” he called back, heading for the door. “Ben, something really weird’s going –”There was a weird split-second where it was like all the hairs on his arms stood up and a warning alarm blared in his head and all he knew was that he had to get away – and then he sprang to the side just in time to keep the door from crashing down on him.The door that Peter had yanked off its hinges. Just by touching the doorknob.He boggled.Ben came crashing into the hall, his own glasses askew and the I’m Not Irish But Kiss Me Anyway apron May had bought him for his last birthday all rumpled. He gaped at the door, then at Peter.“Honest to God,” Peter said, hands held up in front of himself. His skin tingled all over like he’d just been shocked. “I have no idea.”“Huh,” said Ben, very slowly.In the kitchen, the smoke alarm started beeping. 
 A lot happened, Peter’s first year of being Spider-Man. Just twelve months felt more action-packed than the last twelve years, like he was living his life in fast-forward, everything sped up ten times as fast as it should have been.He loved it, for the most part. There was a lot of good: being Spider-Man was electrifying, indescribable – Peter felt alive, really and truly, for the first time since he could remember. Finally, he felt like he had a body that could keep up with his brain – he felt like he could go fast enough, be strong enough.On the best days, being Spider-Man was incredible.On the worst days – that was blood and his uncle’s ringing shout and Peter’s own fault. When you could do what Peter could do, it meant that when bad things happened, they were your fault.So Peter just kept going. That’s what you do, Ben had always said, when you fall down, you pick yourself back up. You get back up on that horse.If only Peter could figure out how to keep from falling in the first place.Staying in the air seemed like his best bet, so that was what he did – he swung around the city, and he let his new senses guide him, and he did everything he thought he could, and a whole lot of stuff he thought he couldn’t.He snatched purses back from purse snatchers at breakneck speeds, caught speeding cars barehanded before they could careen into taxis and, oh yeah, found himself in Germany of all places, kicking Captain America of all people in the face.“The world is way too weird,” he said on the flight back with, dear sweet merciful God, Black Widow in the seat next to his, staring evenly ahead. “I don’t even have a passport.” Then, his one last bit of impulse control
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

