Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve was an 'uppity' Omega, as most put it. He just couldn't submit to Alphas, no matter how much he wanted to. It got his ass kicked up between his shoulder blades pretty often, at least when he had been smaller and sickly. Everything changed last year when he'd had his growth spurt and filled out, gaining nice muscles from working out and joining the cheer squad (no Omegas were allowed on sports teams, except for volleyball, tennis, golf, and cheer/dance team.) Steve desperately wished he could submit to Alphas. He wanted to bond, have that wonderful connection between another person to where they could finish each other's sentences and know exactly what the other needed without speaking word, like his friend Clint had with his Alpha, Phil. The other problem, though, was that almost no one caught his eye. He didn't think a lot of people were attractive, smart, funny, or that nice balance of sensitive and masculine. He'd tried being with a female Alpha, her name was Peggy, but he found he wasn't attracted to girls, period. He'd always had a crush on Tony Stark, the most popular kid in school, but he was, in Steve's opinion, out of his league. Steve just prayed that sometime soon, a really good Alpha would show up and sweep him off his feet. Steve sighed. He was such a hopeless romantic.
Steve sat in his first period art class. They were working with oil paints during this unit, and Steve was glad. He loved painting. He was working on a woodland scene, and he had just started working on the skyline, when he heard the door open and Principal Fury walked in with a brunette boy with a bad-boy look about him. He looked at Steve and Steve found himself blushing.

"Principal Fury, good morning. Is this a new student?" he art teach, Ms. Danvers, asked.

"Yes, Ms. Danvers. He should be on your roster. Bye." Principal Fury said, walking out the door.

"Welcome to AP Art III. We're working with oil paints on this unit...go take a seat by Steve Rogers over there. He's my best student-he can explain everything to you." Ms. Danvers said warmly, pointing to the table where Steve was sitting.

"Cool. Thanks." The boy said, sitting across from Steve at the table. Steve didn't even look up.

"Hey." The boy said, resting his head on crossed arms.

"Hi." Steve said, looking up into the boy's brown eyes.

"I'm James. James Barnes. But you can call me Bucky."

"Steve Rogers. You call can me Steve. Why did you take art?"

"Artist Omegas are always the sexiest. I guess this was a good choice on my part. I got sat by the hottest Omega in the class."

"Oh, uhm, are you-"

"Not used to Alphas, sweetheart?"

"I've never-I must sound ridiculous-"

"Nah. Its cute. You're cute. I'm surprised an Alpha hasn't bonded with you already."

"I kind of have a hard time...submitting."

Bucky smiled. This Steve kid was sexy and shy. Bucky licked his lips. Steve was just his type. Steve blushed as Bucky waggled his eyebrows at him. He'd never had an Alpha pay so much attention to him. Bucky brushed a piece of hair out of Steve's face, and Steve found himself leaning into the touch, enjoying the attention that he usually didn't welcome. Steve smiled warmly.

"Hey, how would you like to go on a date with me? I'd like to hang out with you." Bucky said.

"I'd like that, Bucky. I have to get back to work on this painting, and you should probably start working on yours, too." Steve said, smiling.

Bucky nodded and Steve explained the project before starting work on his own again. Bucky frowned. He had no art talent. He hadn't been lying when he said he'd only taken this class to meet hot Omegas. 

'Well,' Bucky thought, 'I did what I came here to do.'


***********
At lunch, Steve sat down with his friends Clint, Phil, and Natasha to eat. He was just about to take a bite out of his sandwich when Bucky came up and sat beside him. Clint glared at him, as did Phil, and Natasha just raised an eyebrow. Steve casted a sideways glance at him.
"So, Steve, if you're free tomorrow night, want to get some coffee? Or catch a movie?" Bucky asked.

"Oh, uh, okay. I'd like that, Bucky. I can meet you at seven." Steve said.

"I'll pick you up, Steve. Seven..ish."

Steve giggled at Bucky and tensed up when Bucky kissed his cheek and winked at him before he walked away. Steve smiled and waved at Bucky. His group of friends looked at him, expecting an explanation.

"Who was that?" Clint asked.

"James Barnes. He's a new student. I met him in art." Steve said.

"And you're going out with him Friday?" Natasha asked.

"I figured I'd be adventurous. Besides, he was flirting with me. It kind of felt good."

"Maybe he's the Alpha you'll submit to." Phil said.

"I think he might be. I felt this connection when we were talking, you know? I let him give me attention. That's never happened before."

"Well, I'm happy for you. He's hot and covered in leather; you should totally play grab-ass with him." Clint said.

"Thanks, Clint. Your support means a lot.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Pepper Potts
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega!Steve
Alpha!Tony
Alpha!Bucky
Hurt/Comfort
Mpreg
Pregnant Steve
Who's The Daddy?
Bullying
Hormones
Steve Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Possesive Tony
Possesive Bucky
Protective Team
Jealousy
Alternate Universe - High School

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Pepper Potts
Loki/Thor

