Work Text:
Steve rested his elbows on the arms of the chair and tented his fingers in front of his mouth, pressing against his lips before he could yell at everyone. He hated this—the interview, the photo shoot, the attention, the invasiveness—hated it with a passion. There was a reason he stopped being Captain America and prancing around in leather tights for the army; there was a reason he didn’t like giving out personal interviews as Stark Industries CEO, as Howard Stark’s best friend, as Tony Stark’s Dom-slash-godfather or as People magazine’s sexiest man of the decade and Time Magazine’s person of the year (thrice). Oh, he knew it had to be done, so he tolerated it with the patience and discipline of a US Army Colonel and of Captain America, but it didn’t change the fact that he hated it. But today—today, he didn’t want to be Captain America or Colonel Rogers or even just Steve Rogers. Today, his patience was quickly, quickly fraying at the edges, and only the fact that Tony and Bucky were watching him surreptitiously, but carefully—and that they were still fully clothed—did he manage to keep himself in check. He didn’t know whose idea it was to have his subs practically dry hump each other in front of a roomful of people (he was pretty sure it was Tony’s), but when he found out for sure, that someone was definitely going to find himself in trouble. He sat in the same chair that they had been photographed on not an hour ago, observing his subs who had moved on to the bed and, more importantly, observing everyone else. Bucky was on his back with Tony hovering above him. They weren’t pressing against each other or kissing as they were usually wont to do when found in that particular position, but the teasing brushes, the hint of skin, and their heavy-lidded eyes and meaningful looks were more than enough to have most of the room squirming in their seats. Hell, Steve was privy to the sight of even more on a daily basis and even he was practically squirming in his seat. He watched Bucky bend a leg, amidst jarring camera flashes, to press his thigh lightly, almost casually between Tony’s spread ones. Tony’s eyes fluttered shut, but he held very, very still even as Bucky lifted himself onto his elbow to press his mouth to Tony’s neck. Steve could see Bucky’s mouth move in an almost silent whisper and a shiver run through Tony at the words. Their eyes flickered briefly to Steve’s and then back away, clearly implying that they were talking about him. He wondered how much of this they were doing for his benefit and how much of it for the magazine’s. And then they rolled over, smoothly, but mindful of the leashes that anchored them to the bedpost, and Bucky pinned both Tony’s wrists to the pillow above his head and straddled his hips. The younger sub whined in response, and Steve couldn’t help himself but stand sharply. “Break,” he announced, his voice brooking no room for protest. Bucky’s and Tony’s eyes glittered with amusement and delight that irritated Steve. He knew they were doing it on purpose—he knew his subs well enough to know that for sure—but to see them so smug about it irked him. Fine, he thought. Fine. They wanted this, so he was going to give them what they wanted. He strode over and grabbed the leashes off the makeshift hook. “Up,” he ordered and waited only long enough for them to find their feet before leading them out the door and away from the curious, enthralled eyes of the magazine staff. He was glad he had insisted on having the shoot at the Astoria. As it was so close to SI tower, they maintained two suites there for company guests, and occasionally, Steve and/or Tony when they didn’t want to or couldn’t be bothered to go back to the mansion. After a quick call to the lobby, this is where he led the both of them. A hotel official was standing in front of the door, holding out a keycard when they arrived. Steve thanked him, tipped him generously, and told him in the nicest words he could possibly muster given the situation to fuck off. As soon as the door clicked shut, he pulled Bucky towards him and slammed him up against the wall. The grunt that escaped the sub was quickly muffled by Steve’s lips. Their kiss was brutal, painful, almost savage, and Bucky whimpered for more. Because he did, though, Steve tore his mouth away. “I don’t know what possessed me to agree to this,” he said in a low growl. “But we’re finishing that shoot, confiscating the cameras, and sending them official pictures instead. It’s bad enough that they got to see you like that; I’m not allowing any more to do so.” Bucky groaned a halfhearted agreement if only so that he could rock against Steve’s hips that were two inches out of his reach. “Please, Steve,” he begged when a whole minute of writhing got him nowhere. “Shush, Bucky,” Steve admonished. “Neither of you are going to say one word until I give you permission to do so. Understood?” Their eyes were wide, in delight, in approval, in submission, and they nodded e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Porn
OT3 porn
Finally!
Magazine Interview
Orgasm Delay/Denial
hints of exhibitionism
Rimming
Suit Porn
Humor
Collars
Leashes
possessive!Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

