Work Text:
Steve's good at sex. It had been something of a surprise when Tony had finally managed to coax him into the bedroom and out of his clothes; he’d been so coy and nervous Tony was sure Steve was a premature ejaculating ubervirgin, but then they'd got into it and not only is he a natural, he’s insatiable. As though trying to make up for lost time, Steve will keep going as long as Tony lets him. He never pushes for it, if Tony’s too fucked out to move he'll leave him be, or jerk off while kissing him, or just fuck between Tony's thighs. Even with their roles reversed, Steve can take anything Tony throws at him, as efficient and determined as in everything else. Tony started making machines to see if they'd wear Steve out, both to fuck and be fucked - sometimes both at once - and Steve takes them in his stride, still never having his fill.  If Tony was a petty man his ego might have been bruised, but after a fifth or sixth time in a night his ego goes somewhere far away, drowned out by the glorious push and pull of wet skin on skin.  Steve goes away in search of a ghost from his past and Tony misses him, uses those machines on himself in lieu of his never sated supersoldier, but it's not the same, the machines no match for the guileless enthusiasm of Steve or the way he holds him afterwards. It's kinda pathetic, he thinks, how comfortable he's gotten to his life with Steve, but he can’t find it in himself to mind it too much.  And then Steve comes back, with a bruised Widow and someone else: the best friend from his past that he's often spoken of. Well, some approximation of him at least. He's not the stoic robot Tony watched on TV shooting off of buildings and falling fifty feet at a time, he's a cocky punk, half 1940s vernacular, half 90s surfer hair. He has an easy smile and doesn’t brood the way Tony would expect of someone with his history.  Bucky moves into the tower, babysat by his two wards. Steve's different now, but not in any bad way. The fucking machines and gallons of lube see some use, and Steve's still as enthusiastic as ever, at least outwardly, but Tony for all his overt disinterest in other people can tell Steve's distracted and thinking about someone else, and Tony's been around long enough to get where this could be going.  "You should have your buddy come over for a play date," he says one night when they're both wet and sticky. Steve looks at him like he's been caught and starts to protest, but Tony shrugs. "Steve, it's no big deal, I promise you. I know you like me. And I like you. Love, even, I don't know - never been entirely sure what that even is. But I don't own you." Steve makes to say something else and Tony laughs to stop him. "Plus I want to see what that arm of his can do." It's another thing Tony's surprised at Steve taking so easily in his stride, but they work out some things and then it happens, with Steve arranging everything so Tony's not even thinking about it when he steps out of the shower and Bucky's laying on the bed.  "Did you take much convincing?" He asks, mixing a drink for himself and another for his guest. Steve's nowhere to be seen.Bucky shrugs, silver glinting off his shoulder in the low light of the room. He's shirtless, wearing the same sort of thin gym pants Steve pretends not to know are as sexy as they are. "Not really," he replies, taking the drink when Tony sits on the bed beside him. "I was curious." Tony takes a good long look at him, letting his eyes roam freely over that hard body as he sips his drink. "Top or bottom?" he asks, because he's always found that being direct in these kind of situations works out best for everyone. Bucky shrugs again. "I fuck. But I can take a cock." He takes a breath and watches the ice swirl in his glass. "I can't go as long as Steve...""But you give it your best... huh - shot," Tony concludes, and Bucky almost looks coy from under all that hair when he bites his lip and smirks at him."Steve said you like that about him.""You have no idea." The door opens and Steve walks in, looking sheepish how he always does when he's done something sneaky. "Steve," Tony says gravely, as though he's pissed off. "Would you come over here and take this man's pants off?" Steve looks between them to ascertain if it's a joke or not and once he's made up his mind that it's not, he marches over and yanks at the ankles of said pants so that Bucky's naked almost instantly. "Well that's not fair," Bucky gripes. Tony disagrees. "I wanna see you together. I've never seen Steve suck someone else's cock." Bucky snorts at that and Tony doesn't see what Steve does because those pants are tossed in his face. He pulls them off to watch Steve grab Bucky's ankles and pull him down to the edge of the bed to kneel between his knees and get to work. It's a marvel how Steve can be so sweet at the same time as he's sucking a cock (or whatever else he does). It's not showy like Tony can't help but be (at least the first few times in a night), just ef
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome
Fisting
Double Penetration
Vibrators
Bucky has a vibrating metal arm
steve and bucky have crazy refractory periods
established steve/tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

