Work Text:
The man perched on the edge of my human’s chaise-longue bounced very slightly in his seat. “The guy’s brilliant, Natasha,” he whispered to the female beside him. “Graduated top of his class at medical school. Youngest head of neurosurgery in NYH history. He has papers published in areas even I can’t pronounce. The guy’s...”“Brilliant. Yeah. You mentioned that, Tony.” The woman smiled wryly, lips twisting in a way that wasn’t devoid of humour, but that suggested smiling was not a thing she did very often. She shook her head slightly, red hair flowing like silk fibre. “You know, if I didn’t know better, I would say you had a crush on our ‘Sorcerer Supreme’ there.”The man - I suppose I should call him Tony as that was apparently his name - stole a glance over his shoulder to where my human was scouring the study’s shelves for an obscure tome. I wasn’t entirely fond of the glint in his eye, nor the way his eyebrow arched at the suggestion. “Well, he’s attractive, sure,” this ‘Tony’ person commented, keeping his voice low so that only the three of us could hear. “He’s got the intellect, the wit; charm; presence. The awesome facial hair.” He shrugged. “Going with him would be virtually onanistic.”“Well that settles it. You definitely have a thing for Stephen Strange,” the woman replied, her hand pressed to her mouth in way that suggested she was trying to stop herself laughing.I was a little put out by this talk of this Tony and my human Stephen being similar. There was, admittedly, a passing physical resemblance. They were of comparable height and build and did, in all honesty, seem to favour the same kind of keratinous facial ornamentation. But even a cursory glance at their auras showed them to be nothing alike. My Stephen’s aura was the first thing that drew me to him. It was like a sunburst rainbow, bright enough to dazzle, streaming almost a meter from his body. But as uncommon as that was, it was as he fought, that I realised he was special. The rainbow focussed, as though a prism at his forehead drew all of those colours together and rendered them into white light. Beautiful, and brilliant and pure. As dangerous as the snow covered crevasse. One doesn't see something like that very often. Not even as a millennia-old soul-bound cloak that endows the gift of levitation. In contrast, Tony’s aura was somewhat mundane. Pedestrian. Its colours mixed but in a way that made them seem muddy rather than unified. The only colour that held against that wash was red, which sheathed him in a thin, unbroken shell. It was enough to tell me that what drove him was competition. That, and - despite the discomfort it gave me to consider it - passion.The Natasha woman was still mocking the man beside her. “That’s why I'm here, isn’t it?” she hissed. “To act as your chaperone and make sure you don’t do anything to embarrass yourself.”“Embarrass myself?” Tony’s voice was quietly indignant. “When have I ever embarrassed myself?”Natasha rolled her green eyes. Her aura was a strange thing. Almost invisible most of the time, except for when it flared yellow; almost golden. She lifted up her hand and counted off on her fingers.“The Ukrainian Embassy, the USAF charity ball, Steve’s last birthday, your last birthday.” She tipped her thumb up. “That time you made a pass at Maria Hill in front of her wife?”“...other than those occasions?” Tony said.Natasha lifted up her other hand.“Okay, I get the picture,” he mumbled grouchily. Just then, my Stephen... No. As an entity often mistaken as an object, I should be more careful with my possessives. Just then, Stephen snatched a book from one of the dusty shelves. “Ah ha!” he announced. “Dimensional energy transitions.” He began to advance back towards his desk and the chair I was draped over.At the same time, Natasha got to her feet. “That’s great, doctor,” she said calmly, “but I’ve just remembered I have an appointment somewhere.”Stephen nodded. “I understand,” he replied. “May I show you out?”That smirk returned to Natasha’s face. “No, that’s fine. You stay here and work your magic on Tony.”“Science,” Tony corrected.“It is actually magic,” Stephen said, correcting his correction.The smirk on the woman’s face widened into a full grin. “It sure is.” She slipped out of the room without another sound.Stephen cast a small frown in the direction of the door, before turning his attention back to our sole remaining guest. Without hesitation, he changed his trajectory from me to the seat beside the human. It was a logical thing to do, making the book in his hands far easier for them both to read.“As you can see,” Stephen remarked, setting the volume between them and pointing to a faintly glowing glyph, “the arc reactor technology you ‘invented’ is actually a type of multi-dimensional portal. The fact that it appears to operate at one hundred percent efficiency is because it is drawing power from nine other dimensions. It is, in fact, remarkably wasteful.”Tony blinked slowly at Stephen. A
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Cloak of levitation/Stephen Strange
IronStrange - Relationship

freeform: 
Cloak POV
Crack Treated Seriously
Sorry Not Sorry
science!!!
magic!!!
I am neither a scientist or magician
IronStrange

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Cloak of levitation/Stephen Strange
IronStrange - Relationship

