Chapter 1: Prologue/ Going Home
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Prologue

He’s high in the tree now, and at the edge of the horizon the lake is a sparkling blue stripe. Far below him, through the lower branches, he can just make out his targets. They’ve done a good job melting into the brush, but their ghillie suits only fully conceal them when they’re not moving. Right now they’re nervous, and they are twitching just a little like slightly hyper hillocks.
He focuses his scope, re-settles his rifle so that it rests heavily in his palm and the crook of his arm. The wind rustles his hair, and from behind him, the low hum of an engine, off on the track, makes the birds go silent.
Then, the marks below him explode in red and tumble backwards, sprawling out of their nests.  Another two, both dripping red and shedding bits of twig and branch everywhere, stumble into the clearing and then over to them.
Everything is silent for a moment, except for the faint curses as everyone looks around for the shooter, then checks for injuries, and the rising hum of the engine.
“Hey, up there, good work!” shouts a voice from below and behind him, but it’s light and mocking as it continues.  “Spotted a problem, though.”  The engine is really loud now, and then he sees the movement just as an ATV slams into his tree at speed, and he is sent flying through the branches.  Just as he goes horizontal, the line around his ankle snaps taut and he falls in a slow arc until he’s dangling upside down from the tree.
A sandy-haired man in forest camo is grinning up at him, arms crossed in front of his chest, a little smudge of dirt on his face the only sign that he had bailed out of the ATV moments before impact.  He’s wearing a quiver at one hip and dangling a bow negligently from his hand.
“I bet that line seemed like a real fine idea at the time,” the man continues, the crinkles at the corner of his eyes visible even behind his sunglasses.  “What do you think now, Magambo?”
“I think...I think I’m not dead, Agent Barton, sir.”  
“Not yet, Magambo, but there’s still time.  Always one hand for yourself and one hand for your tree, if you’re going to be stupid enough to nest in a place like that when you’re not me.  Also, this is why we attach our safety lines to our waists, not our ankles. Now, where’s your knife?”  His combat knife is in his boot, and he can’t pull himself up far enough to grab it.  The other man sighs, “And do you have a pocket knife?”  Mr. Magambo pulls one out of his cargo pocket, and tosses it down to the agent.
“That’s a decent rigging knife,” Agent Barton says, flicking it open one-handed while swinging himself into the tree with the other hand, completely casual.  “You a sailor, Magambo?”  He doesn’t wait for the answer, just slashes the line and watches, a smile on his face, as Magambo crashes into the gathered ghillie-suits below.  When he comes up, his back is covered in second-hand paint.
“Gather ‘round, children,” he says to them.  “I’m about to pass you back to Agent Sitwell.  You’ve got another couple days with him to figure out what you did wrong; we’ll debrief early next week. Questions?”  One of the ghillie suits raises an improbably delicate hand, giving a glimpse of a small face with dark-lashed eyes.
“Nguyen?”
“Do we get doughnuts, sir?”
“Do you deserve doughnuts, Nguyen?  Write your debriefs up all pretty, say nice things about your trainer, and we’ll see.  There may even be coffee.  Now,” Agent Barton unhooks the quiver from his hip and packs it onto the back of the battered ATV, “I’ve got to go to someone else’s high school reunion, and I’m already running late thanks to you guys. Much more competent than I’d been led to believe.  So be good for Agent Sitwell, and don’t do anything I would do.”  He grins at them, manages against all probability to start the ATV, and clanks off, leaving bits and pieces of it behind him.
Minutes later, Reade turns to the rest of them, eyes wide in her paint-covered face, and says:
“Is everyone out of the New York division like that? Or just him?”
“I dunno, but-- high school reunion? I thought being secret agents meant we didn’t have to do that kind of shit?”  The ghillie suit on the right, who turns out to be Tremayne, snorts.
“C’mon, it’s got to be a cover. No fucking way Hawkeye’s going to a high school reunion, his or anyone else’s.” They all pause for a moment, and then Rolette, the remaining ghillie suit, shakes his head.
“Just think about it, man. Most badass job in the world, and I bet we’d be stuck telling all the jocks and IB kids and everyone that we’re accountants or some shit.”
“Welcome to SHIELD, ladies and gents. You should have thought of that before you signed up,” Agent Sitwell says behind them, and they jump as one. He’s grinning. “Go get cleaned up, children. Playtime’s over.”

Going Home

“I would have felt more comfortable with more time to brief you.  You should have made the trip from N
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Meet the Family
Humor
Mystery
Coulson family - Freeform
OCs and invasive species
small town conspiracies
High School Reunion
Secret Identity
The Author Regrets Nothing
Mission Fic

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

