Chapter 1: Balloons
    




Chapter Text
A beautiful spring day drew people outdoors in droves.  They filled the parks and spilled out into the streets.  Naturally Victor von Doom decided to ruin this idyll with an attack on New York.  The Avengers dealt with the Doombots while the Fantastic Four went after Victor himself.
Most of the heroes came through combat unscathed, but the Doombots managed to drop an entire truck on Captain America.  Agent Coulson called for immediate extraction so Captain America could be hustled to SHIELD medical in time to set the broken bones before they healed in all the wrong angles.  Iron Man took out his extreme displeasure on the remaining robots.
The citizens of New York likewise expressed their resentment over the villain's intrusion.  Agent Coulson surveyed the aftermath of the battle, noting examples of their outrage.  A small Hispanic gang had beaten one Doombot to scrap with a garbage can and several crowbars.  An unknown party or parties had locked another onto a lamppost with bicycle chains.  The SHIELD technicians will be delighted to get their hands on a relatively undamaged specimen,   thought Agent Coulson.
Hulk walked through the remnants of a birthday party.  Brightly colored paper lay scattered around, trampled into the short green grass.  A Doombot had faceplanted into the rose-pink cake.  The balloon vendor's cart sprawled on its side, surrounded by balloons.  "Sad," Hulk said, his massive shoulders drooping.
"Yes, it is," Agent Coulson agreed.  He jotted down what identifying details he could make out.  The Avengers would want to know what happened to the children, and if possible, make up for the spoiled party.  "We'll do what we can to make things right."
Hulk lifted the cart and set it upright, though it sagged over a broken wheel.  Black Widow and Hawkeye picked their way through the wreckage.  He rested a light hand on the small of her back.  She looked down at the ruin of cheerful colors, torn paper blowing in the spring breeze, her face an impassive mask.  Agent Coulson worried about her; Black Widow could be unpredictably sensitive or indifferent to matters concerning children.
"Pretty," Hulk said as he reached for the remaining balloons.
"Whoa, hey, careful!" Hawkeye exclaimed, waving his hands at Hulk.  "Those balloons will pop if you squeeze them too hard -- make a loud noise.  You might not like that."
Agent Coulson froze.  He'd seen people react badly to balloons or fireworks that sounded too much like gunfire.  It made sense that Hulk had an increased startle response after his experiences.  Frightened Hulk tended to raise the collateral damage quotient by a sizable margin.
"No bloons?" Hulk said mournfully.  He gave them a pleading look.
"You may play with the balloons if you wish, Hulk," Agent Coulson said.  "Just be careful with them.  Don't smash anything if the balloons pop."  The Avengers were trying to give Hulk more opportunities for interaction after a battle.  Broadening his experiences beyond violence might help him stay calm.
"Such silliness over a bit of rubber," Black Widow said in a cool tone.
"You have something against balloons?" asked Agent Coulson.  If she does, better to find out this way than by causing an incident,  he thought.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Hulk
Bruce Banner & Hulk

freeform: 
Asexuality
Asexual Character
Asexual Relationship
Siblings
Sibling Love
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Sibling Bonding
Multiplicity/Plurality
Aromantic
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Teamwork
Teambuilding
Team as Family
Canon-Typical Violence
Friendship
Friendship/Love
Female Friendship
Male Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Confusion
Bruce & Hulk Interaction
Hulk Feels
Adorable Hulk
Hulk is a genius too
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
flangst
Making up for lost time
Birthday
Birthday Presents
Birthday Party
Birthday Cake
Traditions
Games
Gifts
Cake
The cake is never a lie!
Tickling
Trust
Trust Issues
Safe Haven
Safety
Past Abuse
Current Environment Is Safe
No Sex
Age Play
Nonsexual Ageplay
Touching
Intimacy
Personal Growth
Family
Families of Choice
Unconventional Families
Emotional Baggage
#coulsonlives

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Hulk
Bruce Banner & Hulk

