Chapter 1: Once upon a time...
    




Chapter Text
Huffing through his annoyance, a warning glare from his father letting him know that his un-omega-like behaviour would only be suffered for so long, Tony narrowed his gaze at the basket before him whilst his mother continued to load it with bottles, jars and wrapped-meats.“I still don’t see why Gregory can’t go... grandmother’s house is all the way on the other side of the Rooky Wood and I have work to do...”“Work? Oh my heavens... Howard, do you see what allowing the boy near your damned forge has done?” his mother sighed, her still beautiful face wrinkling with worry as she stopped her packing and gestured wildly at her mate. “How in the world am I supposed to get an alpha to mate with him if he continues to act like a beta and insist of doing menial-labour, hmm? I take it that you’ll not be wanting to keep him as a lodger for the rest of your life now, will you?”“Now, now Maria, your Tony is a fine-looking boy” uncle Obadiah called from his chair next to the fire-place, his rosy face aglow with warmth as he waved his pipe at the table where the three Starks were gathered. “And alphas are becoming more modern in their way of thinking... why, just the other day it was announced that the Captain of the Guard was mating with Barnes’ youngest boy, you know, the one with the missing arm?” he stated through a snort. “A decade or two ago an omega like that would have just been sold off to a brothel and now look at him... A high-class position, the love of our heroic Captain and a life of luxury at Court...” he continued with a disbelieving chuckle. “Therefore, Maria dear, don’t go worrying yourself about Tony... why, a boy like him could win the heart of a Prince...”“Or the charms of a devil” his father grunted after taking a deep draft from his tankard; “your uncle Obi spoils and flatters you too much with all of this talk Tony and, if it wasn’t for my broken ankle, I’d be agreeing with your mother on this” he ground out.“Wow, sales are up, customers are happy and even Justin Hammer demanded to know how I re-worked the iron in that suit of armour I made for Colonel Rhodes” the twenty-one year old growled; “what’s so wrong with me working the forge, huh? You can’t honestly say that I’m not doing a good job...”“Working the forge is analpha’s business, boy...”“Well, seems you’re plum out of luck there, doesn’t it? Greg is a beta, I’m an omega and you aren’t getting any younger...”“That’s why getting you mated and settled should be our family’s main concern” Maria cut in, her left hand reaching out and lightly cuffing her eldest son, her eyes resolute as Tony scowled and rubbed the back of his head. “Oh! The men of this house will be the death of me, mark my words” she continued to grumble before, with a final re-jiggle, she closed the wooden flaps of the large, wicker basket and sealed them closed with wide, crimson ribbon.“Now, come on Tony, there’s three hours left before sundown and I want this food with your grandmother and you back home before that sky starts darkening” she stated firmly whilst approaching him with out-stretched arms. “You’re a troublesome one, my lad, but you’re my lad all the same” she said, her tone warm as she pulled him into a hug; “one day you’ll come to realise that all of my fussing comes from a place of love and it’s not as though I don’t admire your spirit, darling, I just don’t wish you to suffer for it...”“I know, mom” was the hug-smothered reply; “so... ugh... come on, let go already so I can get to granny’s” he murmured, his face pinking with embarrassment whilst pulling away.Giving one, final squeeze, the femme partially released her son and kept a firm hold of his shoulders before reluctantly letting go and dragging the goods-laden basket across the table and to the omega’s awaiting hands.“Be careful as you go, my boy, there’ve been strange rumours of queer happenings within the woods... why, the last time your father and I were at the tavern, one of the traveller’s was making a great fuss over a large beast prowling, or some such thing.... was that not so, Howard?”“Ha! A load of nonsense” the dark-haired alpha snorted, his tankard empty; “just stick to the path and you’ll not be bothered” he advised, his drink-clouded eyes zeroing in on the omega as he wrestled the red, hooded-cape his mother had fashioned for him over his tunic clad shoulders. “And mind what your mother says about the time, Tony... you’re far more savvy than most omegas, I’ll grant you, but being away from your family at night isn’t something I want circulating around the gossip-mongers of our town” he warned.“Back home before dark, got it” Tony dead-panned, his arms easily scooping up the provisions; “but I will be finishing that face-plate when I get back and I will be selling that suit I’ve made and keeping the lion’s share for my dowry, thank you very much.”“Such an enterprising lad...”“We’ll just see about that...”“Send our love to grandma...”And so, T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Stark Family - Relationship
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
fairytale
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Loki
Omega Tony Stark
dubcon
noncon?
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Self-Lubrication
Mating Bond
Knotting
Little Red Riding Hood AU
Chasing
Biting
Halloween
Obi isn't a dick
Steve Rogers is a dick
Unrequited Love
heart-break
Loki is the better choice
BAMF Loki
Banished Loki
Werewolf Loki
My usual
Heed the tags!
Witchcraft
Magic
BAMF Grandma
M-preg mentioned

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Stark Family - Relationship
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

