Work Text:
i. 

 Tap.  
 
  Scratch.  
 
  Tap tap tap.  
 
  Thud.  
 
  Crash.  

What in tarnation?

"Huh?" Bucky blinks. Spongebob Squarepants is playing on the television. Sandy is confused. Why wouldn't she be? Bucky's confused, too.

He fumbles for the remote and shuts the TV off, bringing blessed darkness back to his room. The clock says 1:07 a.m. Plenty more time to sleep this off.

Tequila is bad.

 Thump.  
 
  Thud.  
 
  Crash boom. 

What the actual fuck?

"What the actual fuck?" Bucky roars, sitting up in bed with a start. The room is spinning. Tequila is fucking bad as shit, it's 3:46 in the morning, and -

 Thud.  

There it is again, that noise, coming from behind his headboard. So at least he's not crazy. Okay, well, at least he's not hearing things. Deciding to try to be social on the last night of his seven days off, only to end up doing tequila shots and making out with some rando dude that was cute until he pawed at his arm and said, "Whoa, bro," that...that's not really anything to brag about in relation to mental awesomeness.

 Thump.  

He whines, "Whyyyyyy," and tugs at his long brown hair until it hurts more than the headache brewing behind his eyeballs. His shift starts at six, plus the hour commute, so his alarm is set to go off in around forty-five minutes. Goddammit. He's a halfway decent human being at least sixty percent of the time, he does not deserve this shit.

 Thump.  

The noise is coming from the other side of the wall, and no, that's not the title of some lame horror book he read this week instead of going out and socializing like he should have.

The book was  The Noise Inside the Wall  . No shock there, the noise was a ghost.

This. This isn't a ghost, this is worse. It's human.

A new neighbor.

 Thunk.  

Who is apparently assembling an entire Ikea showroom in the middle of the fucking night.

Bucky bangs on the wall behind him. "Yo, go the fuck to bed, asshole!"

In hindsight, calling his new neighbor an asshole right off the bat probably wasn't wise, but this is Brooklyn - if you can't handle being called out, you'll never survive. The ruckus quiets down, and Bucky drifts back into a restless sleep, dreaming about running the wrong way on a conveyor belt, because that's just his luck.

 Crash!  

He jolts out of bed and grabs the lamp on the nightstand as a weapon. His legs wiggle and wave below him, still trying to catch up to whatever dream!Bucky was chasing. There is literal hammering going on next door.

This shit just got personal.

Bucky throws a shirt on and storms out his front door, lamp in one hand and a balled fist in the other. If Asshole Neighbor can bang, well, so can he. He slams his fist repeatedly against the solid oak door adjacent to his own, not relenting until the only thing left to punch is air. Then he waves the lamp angrily in the face of his very new, very huge neighbor.

The Asshole is hot, with a neat beard but messy blond hair, a chest broad enough to drive a semi-truck over, and biceps that could choke the life out of him. Fucking typical.

The Asshole is obviously very amused. Bucky hates him already.

The guy smirks like he knows it. "Can I help you?"

"Yeah," Bucky sneers. Lamp. In face. If Bucky can't see how pretty he is it'll be easier to yell. Except it isn't. His scream catches in his throat, strangling him from within. Fuck this guy. He's still smirking, probably because he's being threatened with a lamp shaped like a girl wearing a hula skirt by a less than sober man in pajamas.

Fuck. This. Guy.

(Please.)"Keep it down," Bucky manages to growl despite literally choking on shame and self-loathing. "Some of us have to work around here."

Asshole blinks slowly. "I'm terribly sorry," he says, but it's sarcastic, he's  fucking sarcastic  .

Bucky frowns. Wiggles the lamp. Tassels fly. "No, you're not."

Asshole crosses his heart. "It'll never happen again."

"Argh!" Even on Bucky's worst day - which, might actually be today - he doesn't deserve this. He pulls the lamp to his chest and storms back into the warm safety of his apartment, slamming the door as obnoxiously as possible behind him.

He's cold and pissed and the extra sleep he needs is probably not gonna happen. With an overdramatic sigh, just to make himself feel better, Bucky trudges back to his bedroom, replaces the lamp, and heads to the bathroom for a shower. Why is he so cold? Obviously he's getting too old for drinking. And bars. And people.

Bucky tugs his shirt over his head and reaches for his pants. Except, he's not wearing pants. Only briefs.

Iron Man briefs.

Life.  Life  is bad.

That cold feeling doesn't really go away for the rest of the day. Bucky spills coffee - hot coffee - on the crotch of his jeans on the subway, and neither the warm sensation nor the cool dampness afterwards is pleasant. The twelve hour shift in the SICU of Metro-General Hospital flies by quickly, but having to wear scrubs home instead of real pants does little to protect his go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Nurse Bucky Barnes
Nomad Steve Rogers
Nomad - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Captain America Sam Wilson
Brooklyn
Canon Disabled Character
Inappropriate neighbors
Masturbation
Enemies to Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

