Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

He had paint under his nails.

Such a little thing, but over the course of the past several hours it had grown to be a major irritation. He huffed and shook the can of black spray paint. Glancing at the moldering old tome propped on a stool, he applied the last few lines and symbols on the bare cement floor. 

The soft hiss of the spray can echoed in the dusty space. Old yellowing lights flickered overhead, their dim bulbs doing little to illuminate the room. Arcane symbols had been scattered haphazardly across the floor, some painted right over the tops of the others. More decorated the walls, the matt black paints dripping down the brick. 

He sneezed, the air thick with the scent of smoke and various herbs, irritating his senses. 

He’d been at it for hours. His blood was boiling in his veins, he’d been assured that the decrepit old book of magic was the real deal. But so far every spell he’d tried had ended in failure. If he didn’t start getting results soon, he was going to pay a visit to the seller that she surely wouldn’t like. After which he would dispose of her corpse by selling it to the black market for the organs, and sell the magic tome to some gullible schmuck. At least that way this wouldn't be a total loss.

The stranger finished and set the can aside. 

He fought impatience, pacing while he waited for the paint to dry enough for his purposes. At last it was ready. From a corner he dragged a small man, bound hand and foot with a bag over his head, and shoved his sobbing captive into the center of his design. 

Then he reached for the spellbook. 

Unfamiliar words in a foreign language limped from his tongue as he chanted from the ancient book. Something felt different this time. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end, and his skin had started to crawl as a foreign energy slithered over his body. His victim sobbed and begged harder, able to feel the difference as surely as his captor could. He redoubled his efforts, baring his teeth at the strange words as he rattled them off. He hissed the final word and dropped a lit match into a bowl sitting on a design at his feet. The powder inside flared high, then died back down just as quickly. And he waited. 

He didn’t have to wait long. 

Flames erupted from the earth inside the design he had painted, but they didn’t consume or scorch. They slithered across the floor like living things, great ropes of amber flame scuttling towards the doomed man in the center. And the victim began to scream. Under the hood those cables of fire crawled, to where, the magic user wasn’t sure. 

His best guess would be that they were forcing their way down his victim’s throat. 

The last of the fire crawled under the burlap bag. The screams abruptly ceased, and the thrashing slowed to a stop. An eerie stillness descended over the dusty room, and he held his breath, eyes riveted to the prone figure on the floor. 

At last it moved.

Ropes that had been sufficient to hold his captive for hours now snapped like thread. Hands came up to tear the bag from his head to reveal a deathly pale face that was slowly becoming flushed. Electric blue eyes surveyed the room, taking in the dust, the symbols, and the man who had orchestrated it all. A man who was so excited he could have danced for joy. At last, something from the magic book had worked! 

“Why have you summoned me into this pitiful form, human?”

The voice that had once been a high tenor now rumbled deep in the possessed body’s narrow chest. It was a voice full of anger and malice. It sent shivers down the human’s spine. But then again, so had many others. He’d been around the block too many times to let freaky eyes and scary voices intimidate him. He snapped the book closed and set it aside. 

“I’ve summoned you here, demon, because I have a job for you.” 

The demon arched an eyebrow. “And you’re aware of what a demon takes in trade for such a task?”

A malicious smile twisted the human’s lips, and he leaned closer to the edge of the trap the demon stood in. “I’m aware. And I’m going to tell you upfront that my soul isn’t in the offering.”

“Then you are wasting both our time.”

The human waggled a finger. “Not true. You see, I’ve been doing my research. It doesn’t always have to be a soul you take in trade. If I can come up with something you and your friends like enough, you’ll make an exception. So I’ve put a lot of thought into this.”

“Have you indeed?”

He smirked and folded his arms. “I have. And I’m prepared to offer up a far more tempting deal…”

“I’m listening.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Big Brothers
Family
Mind Control
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Avengers Family
Hurt Clint Barton
Deaf Clint Barton
Protective Dean Winchester
Protective Sam Winchester

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

