Work Text:
The arc reactor is a terrible gift, a glorious burden. Tony knows that. He'd be dead without it, of course, and it gave him the chance to do something good with his life at a time when he'd made an art form out of wasting it. If you gave him to go back to that cave, he wouldn't change anything because he knows damn well his only other choices were death or surrender and he could choose those paths even less now than he'd been willing to then.But that doesn't make him feel any less vulnerable when someone's hands come too close to the reactor core, or when someone threatens to take it away and see what he's got without his fancy suit (like he hasn't built backups into all his suits, like he hasn't considered that already). He puts the reactor on display to counter that. Lets it shine bright, even though he could easily have rebuilt the casing to cover the core. Wears thin shirts, makes no effort to hide it, puts it on display even in the armor. Fuck you, world, he might as well be shouting, this is not my weakness, this gave me strength, this was my second chance and I have taken it. Tony Stark has made himself who he is with blood and sweat and grime and grease and if he's ashamed of how long it took him to become the man he is today that's no one's business but his. The arc reactor is not his heart, but it might be his soul. It's part of him now.Tony's fine with that. And if he sometimes wants to scream with frustration when he can't get enough air into his lungs, well. He could have died in that cave and everything is better than that.****It had to have been Bruce's idea.The others looked plenty pleased with themselves, grouped together in the middle of Bruce's lab. McCoy was hanging from the ceiling and grinning, sharp canines gleaming white against his fur, and Pym was gesturing to the computer screen like Vanna White showing off a Showcase Showdown. Richards looked – well, smugly self-satisfied, which was basically his default setting, so no surprise there. But Bruce was beaming, mouth curved wide in an excited smile, eyes bright, bouncing slightly as he talked with his hands.“We can take it out,” Bruce said, cutting through Pym's lecture and shutting down Richards' disclaimers of how easy it had all been. “It's all here. We've triple and quadruple-checked. This is going to work.”It was. Tony flicked through page after page on the tablet Pym had presented him with, skimming charts, speed-reading through descriptions. He wasn't a medical professional but he was the world's expert on the arc reactor and this... this might work.“How?” he asked, blinking at them.“The shrapnel's not the problem,” McCoy said in a rumbling bass. “We've had a workaround for that for years now. It was the extensive damage to the ribs and chest tissue, the muscles, the weakened lungs. The medical technology to repair injuries that traumatic – or even keep you alive in the interim, was not available.”There was an x-ray of his chest cavity up on one of the computer screens, the broken and missing ribs standing out like missing pieces of a puzzle. The arc reactor was stark and ugly where it pressed up against his lungs, pressing the organs against his ribs so they never fully expanded and just looking at it was enough to make Tony have to concentrate on taking even, steady breaths.It made him feel exposed, self-conscious in a way that even nude photos wouldn't have and he resisted the urge to cover the reactor with his hands. “But the technology exists now?”“Not even a little bit,” McCoy said. “We don't have the medical science to regrow bones and muscle the way you'd need to. Right now the casing of the reactor is replacing all of that, and removing it would leave, well, a huge gaping hole in your chest, not to put too fine a point on it. Not to mention that your lungs and heart are both going to require time to recover from the strain. So, lacking the requisite medical technology – at least on this planet – we began to examine alternative possibilities.”The data scrolling past on his tablet had to be the product of weeks, if not months of research, and Tony wanted to shake his head that they'd managed to do all this without him ever noticing. “Healing factors. I hate to break it to you guys, but I've been tested for the x-factor.”“Blood transfusion,” Bruce said cheerfully. He was rocking up on his toes and beaming at Tony like it was Christmas. “A sustained blood transfusion from a mutant with a substantial healing factor. It's not easy, or even painless, Tony, but it could work.”“And we have a mutant with a substantial healing factor?” Tony asked skeptically. It would have to be Wolverine, there weren't very many mutants with that kind of healing factor. Tony's mind flashed to the image of Deadpool strapped to a gurney, his blood mixing with Tony's, and had to hide a shudder. “Logan has been cooperating extensively with our research,” Richards said. “While he has not allowed quite as thorough an experimentation as I de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Arc Reactor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Science Bros
Steve has an arc reactor kink
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

