Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I agree that it would be a better reason, don’t you think?” Bucky questioned casually, flicking his finger against the top of the counter. There was a form in front of him with little ticky boxes asking his gender and it felt like Greg was asking a question without coming right out and asking it. “But no, I’m just the asshole best friend who accidentally touched a glowy stick Gandolf the Grey and Oozing was aiming at the Slayer’s head, and here I am.  Slaying.  What was the question again?” “Did you want to join our loyalty club?  Buy 9 magical items and get the 10th free.” “No,” Bucky answered, deeply affronted.  “Ain’t no one got time for that shit.  Didn’t you hear me? I accidentally became the Slayer after touching a glowy stick.  Don’t you know how time-consuming that is?” “I’m sure it’s very time consuming,” the Grihhij Demon nodded voraciously in Bucky’s direction, either agreeing with him or trying to eat his hair as a snack.  Bucky thought that hair was the Grihhij Demon’s food of choice.  It was either hair or skin. He was hoping hair. Though, he was very fond of his hair.  It was finally long enough that he could tie it back from his face.  Slaying with loose hair had been a pain in the ass, but his appearance in the mirror told him it was worth the effort. If Bucky was going to die any day now, he was going to look great while doing it. He didn’t want to have to slay Greg if the demon made a move to eat Bucky’s hair. Not that he thought Greg would eat him.  Bucky might not be a loyalty member, but he was a damn good customer.  Stakes took longer to whittle than he ever wanted to spend holding wood unless it was his dick.  He leaned against the counter while Greg rummaged through the cabinet for the silver tipped bolts Bucky had special ordered.  “It’s not all fun and games.  Do you know how hard it is to do a high kick while wearing skinny jeans?  These things are really tight.” “I didn’t realize you were wearing pants.” Grihhij Demons: not so good at telling clothing from skin.  Bucky made a special mental note about that one. “Well I am and they’re no picnic,” Bucky griped.  He looked down at the form in front of him.  “I do buy a lot of magical items,” he mused. “You do.” “I come here all the time anyway,” he continued. “Yes.” “Does a loyalty membership in a demon establishment come with any terms and conditions, like I can’t shop anywhere else or I owe you my first born?” Greg nodded.  “Well, that sucks,” Bucky admitted, looking down at the paperwork to see exactly what people were promising.  Yep.  Skin.  “Sell many?” “A few.” “Greg, buddy.  I liked this place,” Bucky cajoled, raising his hands as he gestured around him.  “There is zero ambiance.  It is what it is.  It’s going to be tough to find that again when so many of these places are dressed up as a novelty shop, but if you’re going to eat the skin of anyone who breaks this contract with you, I’m going to have to slay you.” “You are an asshole,” Greg answered, and Bucky thought he was scowling as he took out a box of contracts and dumped them in the trash. “I’m glad we understand each other,” Bucky told him. “I was looking forward to eating all your chins,” Greg told him with regret, in what Bucky was sure was a compliment, somehow. “What?” Bucky questioned, bringing his hand up to his face.  Grihhij Demons: not so good at telling clothing from skin.  “You mean my scarf?” he finally questioned incredulously. Maybe it was time to ease back on the Brooklynite in autumn look Bucky sported year round if Grihhij Demons were starting to think Bucky’s scarves were food. ~ It wasn't so much that Brooklyn was a bastion of hell as it was that New York City at large contained a high percentage of people who wanted to 1. become successful, or 2. disappear. Bucky hadn't met a vampire (or whatever) that didn't either want to 1. succeed in their nefarious plans, or 2. prey on people looking to disappear.  New York City was the perfect place to do both. Then they figured out that the island of Manhattan was expensive to live in, too expensive unless they were well-connected or wealthy vampires, and they harked over to Brooklyn to prey on middle class hipsters and lurk in the poorer areas where people disappeared all the time.  Bucky laughed every time he came across one of those teen novels glamorizing vampirism in Manhattan, because the reality of it was far less glamorous.  Take away all the feeding on people parts and all the evil scourge of the night parts of being a vampire, and what was left was a person with the same faculties they had while alive, and a lot less care for social mores like exchanging money. There were far more vampires living in old mausoleums and abandoned subway stations than there were on the upper east side, that was for damned sure.  They couldn't make it in Manhattan and seemed to immediately think Brooklyn was their answer. Not on his watch.  Manhattan could completely fall to vampire control
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Vampire Slayer
Comedy
Captain America may or may not be a vampire
Misunderstandings
vampire related violence
Bucky the Vampire Slayer
hipster jokes
Brooklyn
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Halloween
Demons
Vampires
First Dates
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

