Chapter 1: Howl
    




Chapter Text
It wasn't that Tony hated Christmas, per se, but it wasn't exactly like he enjoyed the obligation.Being a Stark meant something, and sure, he knew the family Christmas party was highly publicized and attended by half the business world, and sure, Howard was grooming him as the head of the company, and sure, he knew he was obligated to show up, smile pretty, and get drunk with some business associate's daughter, but...Tony shivered, wrapping his coat around himself as he stood on his enormous porch steps.Not this year, he told himself with a smile of satisfaction.The plan to get out of the enormous Christmas extravaganza in Aspen had worked well in his favor; he had told his father about the new AI he was designing, and managed to convince him that if he didn't constantly maintain the systems for its growth, it would wither and die.Howard hadn't been pleased, but, as much of a pain in the ass as his father could be, he was still an engineer at heart, and after seeing what Tony was doing, he had agreed to leave him be at the Stark estate while he and Maria went to Aspen for a week.It was Christmas Eve, and Tony was taking a break the only way he knew how; by breaking every rule his parents had set out for him since he could walk.The Starks lived in a beautiful, lush haven in upstate New York, covered in dense forest for as far as the eye could see. They had other houses, of course, but Howard made a point to spend at least six months here every year, (probably for some legal thing, Tony reasoned.)His parents let him go wherever and do whatever when they were in Malibu, or Aspen, or New York City, or any of the thousand other places he and his father went on business, but when they were at home at the estate, Tony had rules.Never go out into the woods. Never go past the gates of the yard, in fact. If he felt like taking a drive somewhere, the chaueffer needed to take him. And heaven help him if he wanted to go on a nice walk.Tony didn't understand why here, of all places, in a tiny, almost picturesque forest in New York, his parents would suddenly limit where he went. He could do body shots in Malibu at two in the morning, but heaven forbid he go on a jog through the loneliest, quietest forest he had ever seen in his entire life.When Tony didn't understand something, the first impulse he had was to take it apart and see how it worked. Since he couldn't do that in regards to his parents nor their strange rules, he did the next best thing.He did what he was told not to do and observed the results it gave him.It totally worked, nine times out of ten, and that was what led to him standing on his steps, looking out at the open, iron-wrought gates of the Stark estate and beaming, content in his rulebreaking.Beside him, Dummy beeped. Tony sighed and patted his metal workings."Hey," he said, "I'm not gonna be long. A nice stroll through the woods on Christmas Eve, Dummy. How much more romantic could you get?" He chuckled. "Wanna come with?"Dummy hung his head and shook his whole body side to side. Tony snorted. "Don't worry, Pep isn't going to find out. I made sure Howard took her with him to Aspen in my place. He'll probably like her better and adopt her or something."Dummy whirred, nudging Tony gently. Tony nodded. "Yeah, I'll be fine, Dummy. You head down in the lab and make sure JARVIS is doing okay; wouldn't want him to fall to the wayside while I hone my skills in juvenile delinquency and civil disobedience."Dummy patted Tony's shoulder, and he could've sworn the robot frowned at him, but he was an unadvanced robot at best, a simple thing Tony had made at thirteen, and he hadn't been good enough to give that level of emotion to his work yet."Oh, and keep an eye on the reactor, okay? If that thing runs out of power—not that it should—I'm basically without a computer system for about a week with all this snow screwing up the power lines," Tony explained. Dummy nodded."Right," Tony finally said, "well, I'm off."He couldn't help but be apprehensive as he took his first step, but the feeling soon passed, bleeding away into delight and adrenaline as he walked through the thick snows and walked past the guardian gates, stepping out into the cold unknown, alone....The snow fell thickly on his shoulders, a silvery embrace that shivered soft on his skin as Tony shook it off, shuddering and hugging himself tight. It was cold, colder than he had imagined, and the snow was pretty high; it was already up to his knees.He looked around the forest and frowned, annoyed. This was what his parents had tried to shield him from? It was just trees! Trees as far as the eyes could see!From above, a bird twittered at him. Tony huffed, rolling his eyes in annoyance as he looked around.The trees, he admitted, were lovely; there was a certain kind of heaviness to them he had never encountered anywhere else. Like here, the nature meant more, or something silly like that.But still, they were just trees. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve/Tony
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Werewolves
And Things That Aren't Werewolves
Soul Bond

fandom: 
Steve/Tony
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

