Work Text:

The growl started as soon as Steve stepped through the cell door.

Steve was barefoot and empty-handed, dressed only in sweatpants and a tank top. He spun in a slow circle to show that there were no weapons tucked into his waistband or hidden at the small of his back. 

No threat, his lowered gaze and open palms said. 

It was a lie, and the other man in the room knew it. Steve’s body was weapon enough. The growling continued, pausing only when the other man drew breath. Steve kept his eyes pointed at the floor and sidled into the opposite corner.

The cell was a fifteen-by-fifteen foot cube. One corner held a toilet, another a metal cot lined with blankets (and a man under the metal cot, the dark outline of his form barely visible behind an overhanging bedsheet), another the door. The fourth corner, the one Steve was slowly backing into, held shackles, reinforced and anchored to the best of Tony Stark’s ability. Nobody but the Hulk would stand a chance of breaking them.

The shackles were closed. Steve touched them with the electronic key, a round metal disc that beeped on contact with the shackles, and they sprang open.

The growl became a snarl. The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck raised as his own fight or flight response ramped up in response to the increased threat. He held very still for several moments, then gently tossed the key into the middle of the cell, well out of his reach. After another few seconds, he knelt by the shackles and closed the leg cuffs around his own ankles.

The snarl trailed off, dropping back down to a warning growl. Steve could practically smell the man’s confusion--this wasn’t how it was supposed to go. He had expected to be dragged out of hiding, forcibly subdued, and restrained. His captors weren’t supposed to chain 

themselves. 


Good, Steve thought savagely. The weirder this was, the less like Hydra this was, the better. He ignored the man entirely and snapped a cuff around his left wrist. There wasn’t much room to maneuver, but he managed to brace the last remaining cuff against the wall to close it over his right wrist. He was left kneeling on the floor, his arms behind his back and secured to his ankles with a short length of chain. The restraints didn’t put his body under any strain, but they wouldn’t let him move more than a foot in any direction, either.

Steve was locked in, now, as helpless as he could manage to make himself. Carefully, slowly, he turned his body to the side as much as he could, showing the other man the shackles tethering him to the floor. Steve leaned forward, keeping the slope of his back and shoulders soft. 

Harmless, I’m harmless. C’mon, please.


The growl stopped. 

The silence that followed was the sweetest sound Steve had heard in months. He closed his eyes, rested his head against the wall, and breathed. The cell was thick with the scent of rank alpha--showers had not been a priority--with an alarming undercurrent of sickness. Steve put his worry aside, striving for resolute calm. His own suppressed omega scent should be neutral and soothing.

“JARVIS,” he murmured, “please let everyone know I’m secure.”

“Already done, Captain.” JARVIS’ voice held a hint of disapproval, a much more subdued echo of the furious arguments his creator (and Natasha. And Sam. And--just about everyone, really.) had come out with when Steve first proposed this plan. “I will continue to monitor the situation. As you requested, video surveillance has been restricted to my access only unless an override is necessary.”

Steve could trigger an override with a single word at any time. It would also be triggered automatically if Steve was seriously injured or at risk of death. The arguments over what designated a “serious” injury had degenerated into a screaming match in the middle of the Avengers common room, but Steve had eventually agreed that broken bones (not including fingers and toes), internal bleeding, and/or blows to the head counted. 

He was hoping it wouldn’t come up.

For now, the other man in the cell stayed flattened under the metal cot, as far away from Steve as he could get. Based on the silence, he was holding absolutely still. He clearly wasn’t coming out anytime soon.

That was fine. Steve’s body healed the minor aches that came with maintaining a kneeling position as fast as they started, and Steve hadn’t drunk anything for the past twelve hours, so he wouldn’t need to piss any time soon. His lips twitched into something approximating a smile. 

I can do this all day.


“Thanks, JARVIS. Can you start my playlist?”

A cooking podcast started playing at a suitably quiet volume. Steve settled in for a long wait.


 

Every podcast episode was an hour long, so the playlist was as good as a clock. A few times an episode, Steve opened his eyes and scanned the cell, checking to see if anything had changed.

Halfway through the third episode, Steve heard the muted scuff of cloth shifting. He kept his eyes closed and his breathing steady
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Touch-Starved
Feral Bucky Barnes
Restraints
Hand Feeding
Magical Healing Hugs
Huddling for Warmth but Emotionally

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

