Chapter 1





Chapter Text
T’Challa sighs, somewhat annoyed with the turn of events in his life as of late. Shuri, who was usually jealous of his position, now thought this was all very amusing and he did not agree. The need to open Wakanda up to the rest of the world is necessary for a number of reasons, T’Challa agreed, but he did not know why that should involve marrying him off. He thought Wakanda was past that particularly dark part of their history where they treated their omegas like cattle more than people but his father’s current plan to integrate them into world politics stated otherwise.“Oh stop being dramatic,” Shuri tells him, “it’s all your choice,” she points out.“Except that I must make one. I do not leave this without getting married to someone- what if all of my choices are awful?” It was a legitimate worry; he had no interest in being treated like a farm animal in some other country because he ended up choosing the least awful, though still awful, of his suitors.“Marry a man to piss everyone off,” Shuri suggests.He lets out a sharp laugh, “oh, that would cause a fuss. Then you get stuck carrying on the royal line,” he says. Shuri wrinkles her nose at this but he knows that if she had to she would have children. Typically the child of the first born, meaning T’Challa, would carry on the royal line but he had less interest in children then his sister and unlike her he was not willing to make that sacrifice. The problem with Shuri taking on that responsibility, though, is that she is the product of their father’s second marriage- making her almost illegitimate. T’Challa, by his country’s current standards, would always be the preferred leader and royalty bearer.“I lied. Be good and marry a woman. To be honest I am surprised you have choices that are not women, I did not see that coming,” she says. Neither did he but he knew his father was going out of his way to try and make him confortable and accommodating for his sexuality was an easy way to do that. But they all knew T’Challa was not supposed to choose a man, that was not in his country’s best interest and he was to always think of Wakanda first, regardless of the consequences to himself. That, according to his father, was his job as future king. To a point he agreed- of course his people should come first- but to do so at the cost of himself seemed contradictory. If he was to lead he needed to take care of himself so he could take care of his people, always putting the people first then becomes detrimental.Moderation was always key, at least to him, and that was the way he was going to choose to lead. Of course he would always think of the people, but he would think of himself too and then make a decision that benefited them both, sacrifice when he could, and be uncompromising when he could not. This was one of those times where, as much as he would like to walk away, he would not. “I highly doubt I will like any of my options, man, woman, or otherwise. I have no interest in being house omega and an unfortunate amount of countries still assume the omega’s place is anywhere but where I need to be. I am supposed to be a king, how could I possibly marry someone who would likely prevent that?” he asks. Senseless was what this was, but it was still a useful integration tool. Even if T’Challa thought they could do better.“Marry someone who does not have their head in their ass,” Shuri says. She rolls their eyes, “what fool with that opinion would even show up here?” she asks and T’Challa raises an eyebrow, “fine, fair point. I am aware that we have useful resources but I highly doubt they would make it far in this… marriage selection. Do you know the Americans have a show with a similar premise to this called The Bachelor? It is strangely addictive.”“I am never speaking to you again if you find that junk entertaining,” he says.“As if you do not like bad television, I know you have a secret fondness for British soap operas. You went to school there for a year and come back with a bunch of awful shows in tow, so no judging me for my bad taste.” He would object but she was right, he did have a secret fondness for all British television. That did not mean that he was going to accept Shuri’s bad television habits. They continue to argue about it back and forth before she gets bored and slinks off to go do whatever it was she did in her spare time.*Tony had zero interest in Wakanda, the prince, or anything else in relation to this whole marriage thing. But Obi had insisted, claiming it would be good for the company though Tony didn’t see how. Since he took over two years ago- when he was twenty one- the company has flourished in ways no one could have predicted. He is a genius, after all, so obviously he would have done fine but people were particularly surprised with his success because his entry into position as CEO involved him shutting down the weapons sector of the company. Everyone said he was a fool for it but he saw what those weapons did a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Royalty
Arranged Marriage
ish
there's some choice
courting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega T'Challa (Marvel)
Alpha Tony
Tropes
I Don't Even Know
I just thought this was a neato idea ok
Obadiah Sucks
some wavy timelines also
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Maybe - Freeform
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa

