Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Coulson – Phil, now – stays in Medical for a week and a half longer before Tony gets his way. Tony's pretty talented at being insufferable when he wants to be (not that this is a secret, really), and right now, he wants Phil out of HQ and into Avengers Tower. Clint spends hours every day in Phil's room, hovering, trying – and failing – not to look like a worried mother hen. Steve comes with him, when Clint wants and Steve's got time, and slowly, Phil gets slightly less twitchy around his childhood hero.Tony? He mostly spends his time around HQ, annoying nurses and agents and everyone who might report back to Fury and let him know that they want Agent Coulson off base yesterday, because his guests are making everyone crazy.He gets his way two weeks after they first learn of Phil's survival.“Don't think Fury didn't know what you were doing,” Phil says when they help him move into the Tower, three floors beneath Steve, Tony and Clint's apartment – between Natasha's and Avengers floor.“Don't think I care as long as it worked,” Tony chirps, stepping into the apartment first of all of them. “JARVIS, lights!”The living room brightens, and the four of them look around what's now Phil's new apartment. Clint had given design input, and instead of the chrome-like look of Tony's place, this place is all warm, wooden shades and colorful, mismatching rugs. Phil's got his own mini library, home office, and an inside garden aside from all the usual stuff.“You like?” Tony says, and tries hard not to bounce on the balls of his feet. Phil stands between Steve and Clint, the latter with a hand on the agent's arm just in case.“How – how did you do this so fast, Tony? You didn't even know I was alive until two weeks ago,” Phil huffs, but he's impressed, Tony just knows it.“Fourteen days? That's more than enough for me to work my magic.” Tony shrugs and looks around the brightly lit room. “Plus, you know, I'd already given all the Avengers a floor, and you were always a part of the team, even when you were dead. So this was always yours.” He shrugs.Phil's eyes grow fond. “Thank you, Tony.”He shrugs again, before moving onto more fun stuff. “Oh my god, you're gonna love your bed, Phil. After Medical for months, try this – seriously, you're gonna love it, you're gonna  love me-” and he drags Phil into the master bedroom, careful with him, while Tony's Alpha and Omega follow with similar, indulgent smiles on their faces. Like Tony's being a total kid. Which no, he's just – he just likes showing off, okay? Yeah, let's go with that.“That is pretty impressive,” Steve says when they're all inside the bedroom. “You've even got, um.” He stares, a little awkwardly, at the wall entirely dedicated to Captain America's colours, several posters and a great, painted shield covering the wall.“Clint,” Phil sighs.“Hey, wasn't me, sir,” Clint chirps and looks all kinds of pleased with his handler's reaction. He helps Phil sit on the bed and Tony tells him about JARVIS, just in case Phil forgot after all those months being comatose – about food delivery and calling systems and that basically, any time he needs anything, tell JARVIS or Tony or Clint or all of them.Phil already looks worn and fatigued, so they leave him in peace for now. Tony can see – and smell – how Clint's relaxing, knowing that his handler and friend is nearby and safe. Tony hasn't forgotten that before he showed up, it was Phil who had taken care of Clint, for years. That's not something Tony will forget any time soon.

~*~
“Bruce! My sweet angelface,” Tony says and plops down on the chair next to the scientist.
Bruce gives him one of those not-sure-if smiles. “Your nicknames are turning exceedingly more creative. What do you need from me?”
“Nothing!” Tony says and blinks faux-innocently. “Why would you think that? Like I only come down here to ask you for things. Maybe I just want to cuddle. You are my science bro, after all.”
Bruce's smiles turns indulgent. “I would think Clint would be your first bet if that were the case.”

Tony blinks at that, losing his initial trail of thought. “Clint?”

“Mhm,” the scientist says and glances down at one of his numerous petri dishes on the desk, carefully organized and labeled. “You're bonding, aren't you?”
Tony pushes down on the Alpha part of him that wants to puff up and make him say and what if we are?. Bruce is an Alpha, fair enough, but they all know he's not a threat. Plus, Tony's kind of making an extra effort not to be a dick to Bruce, seeing as the world tends to be. “Well, yeah, but – but we haven't, yet. How'd you notice?”
Bruce takes off his glasses and starts cleaning them on his sleeve. “You smell different. Between my Alpha instincts and the, uh, Other Guy's sensitive nose, not much gets past us, really.” He looks apologetic. “I'm sorry if it's a private thing. I didn't mean to pry. I haven't told anyone else.”

“No no, it's fine,” Tony says and flings an arm around the guy's shoulders. Bruce is st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
past Bruce Banner/Betty Ross - Relationship
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alpha!Steve
Alpha!Tony
omega!Clint
Threesome - M/M/M
Asexual Relationship
Beta!Coulson
everything/nothing!Natasha
alpha!bruce
Omega!Hulk
Asgard ain't got no A/B/O
Alpha!Jane
Beta!Pepper
Omega!Happy
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Established Relationship
Getting Together
Cuddling & Snuggling
Hurt/Comfort
Sharing
asexual!Coulson
Fluff
Scents & Smells
#coulsonlives
Shovel Talk
Coming Out
Porn
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
past Bruce Banner/Betty Ross - Relationship
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

