Chapter 1: Kind as kings upon their coronation day
    


Notes:
An additional warning for this fic: various characters, but mostly Thor, will be expressing some negative views of alternative gender roles, sexualities and intersex individuals, along with some racist language of the same type used in the film. I hope it's clear in the fic that these are ideologies that said characters need to be educated out of (and will be), but please do not read if you feel this will impact you in a negative fashion.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Thor’s first thought is that Heimdall was right. He is not dressed warmly enough.His second is that Jotunheim is even more of a frigid wasteland than he had imagined. The vast and silent icescape stretches out as far as he can see in all directions, jagged and treacherous and barren. The sky overhead is completely black, lacking even stars, much less a sun or moon. The ice itself seems faintly luminescent, or perhaps there are some kind of lights in the crumbling spires and towers, for he can see well enough, but everywhere he looks he sees only destruction, desolation and the ever-present endless expanse of ice. Jotunheim is cold and dark and dead.It is as unwelcoming a world as he can imagine, and the bitter chill of eternal winter bites deep into his bones as the wind moans around him. Behind him, his friends say nothing, and have no need to, for their misery and reluctance is written plain on their faces. But Asgard’s ancient enemy is lurking here somewhere, and so he sets out, the fire of his outrage enough to keep him warm.He does not know if he has ever been this angry – his coronation ruined, Asgard’s defences breached, and most maddeningly of all, his father, unbelievably sanguine at the prospect of a Frost Giant invasion force but cutting and cold in overruling Thor’s opinions and plans. He should have been preparing for war as the new King of Asgard, but instead was sent to his room like a small child, to wait and watch while Odin did…nothing.Well, he will not stand idly by and wait for the monsters to come screaming out of the night; he has come here to get answers and to impress on these upstart giants that there is a new force to be feared in the Realm Eternal.At least, if he can find any, for as they trek through the crumbling landscape toward the sharp spires that seem to mark a great dwelling, there is only the wind and his mutinous thoughts for company.“Where are they?” Sif asks as they approach the tall towers.“Hiding. As cowards always do.” Thor says loudly in reply, hoping to provoke a response. He gets one.“You have come a long way to die, Asgardians.” The great, slow voice echoes around them, the very ice resonating with its depth and power. Thor looks up, into the shadows, and knows who the tall, hard-faced creature sprawled on the ice throne must be, despite the total lack of crown or ceremony.“I am Thor Odinson,” he tells Laufey proudly.“We know who you are,” is the slow, unimpressed response. There is no fear in Laufey as he looks on Thor, and, Thor feels, precious little respect.“How did your people get into Asgard?” he demands hotly.“The House of Odin is full of traitors,” is Laufey’s response and Thor’s temper flares.“Do not dishonour my father’s name with your lies,” he snarls, for who in Asgard would help a Frost Giant?“Your father is a murderer and a thief. And why have you come here - to make peace?” Laufey sneers. “You long for battle. You crave it. You’re nothing but a boy trying to prove himself a man.”Thor grips Mjolnir more tightly, fury singing in his veins. “This boy has grown tired of your mockery.”He expects more insults, more hot words, but instead Laufey sighs and looks away. “You know not what your actions would unleash.” To Thor’s astonishment, he looks…tired. And old. But only for a moment, and there is still the arrogance and confidence of a King in his sonorous voice. “I do. Go now, while I still allow it.”Thor’s attention shifts to a huge figure striding towards them from the shadows at the base of the throne: a tall, lean warrior with a strange x-shaped scar on his breast. He fixes Thor with a blatantly hostile stare, but says nothing and makes no move to attack or defend.Thor hesitates. He dearly wants to unleash his anger, to demand answers and to wrench them from this cold, haughty giant, to lose himself in battle-fury and end this day with at least some triumph and glory to his name...but he had expected resistance and aggression from Laufey and his people, not this stillness and restraint. To attack now, without personal provocation, would not be becoming of a Prince of Asgard, and yet if he retreats, what will he have gained from breaking his father’s command?“My prince,” says Hogun quietly, touching him lightly on the elbow. Thor turns to look at him but he says nothing else, yet as ever his meaning is clear. Let us return, before this strained calm shatters. Behin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Worldbuilding
Norse Myths & Legends
Intersex Loki
single gender jotnar
Jotunheim
Jotun Culture
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Slow Build
Eventual Happy Ending
Jotun!Loki
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

