Work Text:
He tells his secretary to always book this hotel for his meetings in New York because he likes their beds.He does like their beds.He likes their receptionist a whole lot more.He could blame it on the fact that he first laid eyes on the guy just after Peggy finally walked out on him. He knows that Peggy leaving is all his fault. He’d known when they got together that she was ambitious, and she told him that she wouldn’t compromise her career for him. He’d ended up making her do it anyway, not intentionally, but he hadn’t fought hard enough for her, had let his own work take priority. She saw that. She’d given him plenty of chances to make amends, and he’d blown every one. So she’d gone back to London, and was currently flying high in international finance, and he was carrying on as he did before.It was the guy’s eyes. Or his smile. Or the pull of his uniform shirt across his shoulders. But the first time Steve saw him, his stomach had done a flip, and he’d felt like a dumb teenager. He thought he might even have blushed when the guy had said, “Can I help you, sir?”He has a run of meetings in New York after that, and his heart beats faster as he get to the hotel each time. If it’s someone else on the desk he tries to hide his disappointment.He knows he flirts with the guy. He can’t help it.The guy flirts back. After the third time Steve stays, he says, “It’s just the name badge that says James. You can call me Bucky.”“Bucky?”“James Buchanan Barnes, because my parents couldn’t think of a more obscure president. So Bucky.”Steve is well aware that flirting with customers who are flirting with you is good business sense. He doesn’t try fooling himself that Bucky (what a name, a name out of time, it skips off the tongue and he wants to say it over and over into Bucky’s skin) sees him as anything other than a customer.Steve tips well as a matter of principle. He tips Bucky even better.He wonders what sort of person that makes him. If he’s trying to buy Bucky’s flirtations.He takes any excuse to go to New York, attending meetings in person that he could easily video conference. He tells everyone that it’s because he grew up there, and he’s found he misses the place. He doesn’t tell anyone that he’s got the stupidest crush he’s had since he was a teenager.He realises that he’s being completely unsubtle when he arrives at the hotel to find that Bucky is not on reception, and the receptionist (one of the regulars, one who knows him) says, “Bucky’s shift starts at nine.”“Sorry?”She smiles brightly at him. “Just thought you’d be interested, sir. Here’s your key. Have a great evening!”He feels like he’s been punched in the gut. It must be obvious to everyone in the hotel that he’s crushing on Bucky.He feels like a creep.It doesn’t stop him deciding to go out for dinner rather than ordering room service, because then when he comes back Bucky will be on reception.He stays out later than he intends, trying to think, to clear his head. He makes a half-hearted attempt to pick up a guy in a bar, but it’s too obvious that he isn’t really interested.When he walks through the front door of the hotel he sees Bucky put a book down before smiling at him.“Good book?”“Anna Karenina. Pretty good, but I’m reading it for class. Sorta spoils it, you know?”“You’re in college?”“I know, I’m kinda old for it.”Steve smiles. He’s leaning on the front desk, and Bucky is leaning in too, and he’s so close he imagines he can smell him, wants to touch, wants to kiss. “Not what I meant at all. Where are you studying?”“NYU. This pays the bills, as long as I can stay awake in class.”Bucky is in college and is reading Anna Karenina, and he is just about perfect.When Steve gets home from New York he buys a copy of Anna Karenina. He knows he’s being stupid, acting like a teenage girl, but he can’t help himself.He reads it, and thinks that he should probably learn some lessons from it about doomed love affairs. But he knows he won’t.He’s in Paris a few days later. He’s lying on his bed, watching some late-night shopping channel (he doesn’t speak much French, but they’re the same wherever you are), thinking vaguely about the ways that money makes life easier. Like not having to work a night shift and then go to class in the morning, for example.From there his thoughts seem to slide naturally to the fact that he has enough money to easily pay Bucky’s tuition, and that it’s still mid-afternoon in New York.He picks up the phone, gets through to NYU. His hunch that James Buchanan Barnes is an unusual enough name for there only to be one of them enrolled is correct. He pays Bucky’s tuition for the rest of the year.He puts the phone down and wonders what the hell he thinks he’s doing. That amount of money would be pretty serious even if they were dating. Bucky’s basically a stranger to him. But it’s done now.It’s a few weeks before he’s back in New York. Bucky is on the desk, and instead of smiling he looks at him with icy coldness. There is a piece of p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

