Work Text:
      “You don’t have to do this, Steve.” Bucky pushes away the letter from the Russian government demanding that one Dmitri Batischev, alias the Winter Soldier, be surrendered to them to stand trial for his crimes.      Steve hesitates in the doorway. Bucky must’ve heard the tail end of his conversation with Pepper. Now he looks tired, and resigned, and so done and Steve fucking hates that Bucky keeps getting dealt shit hand after shit hand. “I want to.” He hopes Bucky can hear the conviction in his voice. “I’m not losing you again.”      “But getting married? You think that’s gonna work?”      “If we get married, and you get a green card, then they can’t touch you, not when the US doesn’t have an extradition treaty with Russia. Besides, it’s not a permanent solution, it’s only to give us more time. The Russians have ID papers and DNA that prove you’re Dmitri? Well fuck that. We’ll get our own DNA evidence.” He uncurls his hands from fists he doesn’t remember making and shoves them into his pockets. “We’ll prove you’re Bucky Barnes and then the Russians can take that letter and shove it.”      Bucky looks unconvinced. “So I marry you as Dmitri... Would the marriage even be valid?”      “It would, actually.” Which had been a surprise to Steve when Pepper had mentioned it. “We marry the person, not the name. It’s valid as long as there’s no fraud.”      “Fraud as in…?”      “As in you pretending to be Dmitri to get me to marry you. Which is not what’s happening here.”      Bucky’s face does an odd thing then he looks down and his hair obscures his face. “What if you meet someone?” he asks softly.      “I’ve been out of the ice for five years, Buck. Hasn’t happened yet.” Probably because he’d met his someone so long ago that he can’t even pinpoint the moment he’d fallen in love. “Or what if you meet someone? Is that what you're worried about?”      “Come on, Steve.” Bucky gives him an exasperated look. “Who'd want to date the Winter Soldier?”      I would, Steve thinks. Winter Soldier, Dmitri Batischev, James Buchanan Barnes, it didn’t matter, they were all Bucky. “Do you know how many fansites you have?”      “I have fansites?” Bucky’s expression is a comical blend of curious and appalled. “How do you know about them?”      “I might've come across some on the internet.” They had really nice photos of Bucky. And… art.      “They probably just like the idea of the Winter Soldier,” Bucky says. “The reality is a lot more fucked up than anyone would want to deal with.”      “I think we deal with each other just fine.”      “Yeah well, you never had the sense to stay away from trouble.”      The look Bucky gives him is reproachful. He ignores it. “Think about it,” he says, “it wouldn’t take much more to convince INS we’re married. We live together, our stuff’s all mixed up, our lives are all mixed up. Sharing a bed? Nothing new. Being close to each other? Nothing new there either.”      Bucky studies him for a long uncomfortable moment. “You’ve thought about this.”      He swallows a hysterical laugh. “Yeah, Buck. I have.” A horrible thought occurs to him. “Is there… I mean, it doesn’t have to be me. As long as they’re American, and know you well enough—”      “No,” Bucky cuts him off. “If I marry anyone, it’s gonna be you.”      “Oh,” Steve says, and his heart lurches sideways at Bucky’s choice of words. “Okay.” A small kernel of worry he hadn’t even realised was there dissolves.      “Have you ever kissed a guy, Steve?” Bucky folds the letter with care and slides it back into the envelope. “Don’t forget we’re gonna have to convince INS that we’re doing a lot more than sharing an apartment.”      “No,” Steve says. “But I think I could handle kissing your dumb face.” He shrugs. “If you’re not up for it…”      That gets Bucky’s attention. “Up for it?” Bucky stands up and walks over, that slow, relentless walk that shouldn’t get Steve as hot as it does considering what happened the first time he’d seen it. Those scared and horny memes on Winter Soldier sites? He’s lived them.      Bucky stops inches in front of him and folds his arms. “You really want to do this? Convince someone that we’re having sex?”      It’s unfair, the way Bucky’s voice goes smooth and smoky when he says ‘sex’.      Bucky snorts. “You can’t even hear me say it without turning red.”      “Let’s try it then,” Steve says. “See if I can handle it.”
      “Sex?”
      “No! Not—I meant a kiss. Let’s try a kiss and see whether we can handle it.” He knows he can. Actually no, he probably can’t, come to think of it, but not for the reasons Bucky might think.      “So you’re suggesting we kiss each other to... what? See if we can pull it off?”      “Well… yeah.” Steve releases the breath he didn’t realise he was holding. Not only was Bucky not disgusted by the idea of kissing him, he might actually be considering it. “‘Cause we’ve got to convince INS, like you said. But it’s not like we need to mack on each other. It’ll just be”—he tries to so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Marriage of Convenience
Marriage Proposal
Getting Together
Friends to Lovers
First Kiss
Sharing a Bed
Protective Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
the avengers are one big happy family
Fluff and Angst
Light Angst
Mutual Pining
Fluff
Fake/Pretend Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

