Work Text:

 Coddle ( verb.) : To treat someone with extreme and/or excessive care or kindness. 

 ----- 
 When the Avengers arrived on site, they were greeted by what appeared to be a woman in her mid-twenties. Dressed in a billowing white dress and sparkling jewelry, she was what most people would consider quite attractive. You know, if she weren't reeking havoc and assaulting the people of Manhattan. They watched as SHIELD agents swarmed her, but she merely opened her mouth, letting a rather beautiful sounding note echo across the crowd. It was made less beautiful, however, by its effect. The entirety of the strike force seemed to tense, as if they had been tazed, and slump to the ground. She smirked, and stepped over the unconscious bodies. Before she could revel in her victory, though, a red, white and blue disk struck her square in the side, sending her rolling a good few feet. Blowing her long, ash-colored hair out of her face, the woman contorted her face into a fierce, offended scowl. "Aw, don't make that face, ma'am. Why don't you come quietly, and we won't have to gag you." Bucky's voice was insubordinate, but the rest of the team could hear the undercurrent of tension. Mind control still left him on edge, but he refused to bench himself. So he perched on the roof across from Clint; just close enough to pounce alongside Natasha, who was standing behind the entryway of the building. But they didn't point it out. It would just make it awkward.The woman rose to her feet, glare still firmly in place. "Who dares strike your new ruler?" Tony lowered himself until he was hovering just a few feet above the street. "I feel like I've had this sort of conversation before. You just the shit knocked out of you by the red, white and blue Capsicle over here-" Steve made a playful scowl at the nickname as snickers resonated through his comm.  "The smart-ass is a former Russian super-soldier-slash-spy. He comes equipped with an extensive knowledge of weaponry and hand-to-hand combat-" "You know it, dollface!""Not now, Bucky. We have another scary Russian spy and her idiotic partner who never misses a shot-""Kiss my ass, Stark.""No thanks. Bucky would murder you.""True.""A giant, green, rage-filled monster, and a Norse god." The woman blinked, obviously not expecting an introduction. "And you are...?""A robot. A sentient, smart-ass robot." Bucky and Clint snorted. Tony flashed a peace sign in their general direction. "Well, who you are doesn't matter. You'll be bowing at my feet all the same." "I don't bow, sweetheart. It clashes with my whole 'devilish rogue' persona." There were two more snorts, and Tony sent them a middle finger instead. "I am the Siren, and you will  bow to me, fool." She took a deep breath, and let her voice wash over them. They all felt it like an itch they couldn't scratch, but with help from Bruce, Tony's newest comms somehow counteracted the signal. Tony had tried to explain how they worked to Steve and Bucky one night, but to be completely honest Steve lost grasp of it all after about two minutes, and from the way Bucky was staring at Tony's ass he probably hadn't heard a damn word to start with. The Siren's face soured further when she realized that her voice did nothing to affect them. Before Clint could say "sucks for you" and all of them descent on her, she tried a different tactic. She started singing again, but raised her pitch so high that civilians were clutching their ears in agony. The Avengers weren't faring much better, even Steve covering his ears in an effort to block out the noise. The Siren rose into the air, not stopping once, and soon almost every window and door within a city block had cracked and shattered. People scrambled to escape the rain of glass. Determined to put an end to this mad fucking power-trip, Tony did the very thing his boyfriends always bitched about him doing, and charged the villainess.-----"This fucking sucks." Bruce snapped his gloves off, and gave him a sympathetic smile. "I understand, Tony. But Steve and Bucky have made it clear on their thoughts about you taking on meta-humans head-to-head." Tony winced. He had been forced to sit through an hour long guilt trip that consisted of Bucky yelling with raised arms, and Steve giving him a heartbroken puppy-dog look. 
"You can't keep doing this shit to us, Tony."
"The situation called for it-"
"There will never be a situation that calls for you to put yourself in unnecessary danger-"

"I wasn't-"

"She screamed at you and sent you through a window, Tony."

"Steve-"

"And then she screamed again and collapsed the building on top of you."

"Well, yes."    
 He knew this because when he came to, the Hulk was digging him out of the rubble of the store he had been launched into and then buried in. Bucky and Steve had promptly reached a fifty on the one-to-ten 'fuck it' scale. Before anyone else could get a serious hit in, the Brooklyn Boys had moved in to prove that one should ever, ever fuck with their bo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt Tony Stark
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

