Work Text:
Tony worked quietly on Bucky's arm. Bucky didn’t speak much, which allowed him to just listen to music in peace and treat him like a machine. It wasn't kind to think of him that way, exactly, given his history, but it made everything easier.He figured Bucky didn't mind a break from everything anyways. Steve could kind of hover too much, and didn't let him be alone for very long, just out of concern. Right now it was reasonable, with Bucky still in recovery, but he knew how overbearing Steve could get. So Tony just stayed quiet, working.A bit in, Bucky started shifting, which wasn't normal for their sessions. Before he could ask what was wrong, Bucky grabbed Tony's arm and pushed his hand against his crotch.Tony sighed. He'd been helping Bucky with this whole arousal issue lately, but didn't expect it to get in the way of his work.Tony shook his head and tried to pull his hand away. Bucky yanked it right back and after a moment of hesitation gave him a pleading look, rubbing against it. Tony sighed and pulled Bucky's pants off a little, smiling, "Yeah, I've got you. Horny little bastard." Bucky gave a little huff, already half hard, expectant and a little embarrassed. Tony started stroking him, "You've got to start doing this on your own, y’know."Bucky licked his lips, rocking into Tony's hand, smiling at him. He had been pretty selectively mute since he got back, only speaking to Steve, and hardly speaking at that. But he knew how to communicate. Tony could tell this was wanted, Bucky initiated it.Tony stroked him slowly, "Does me working on your arm turn you on? It's alright. It kinda turns me on too." Bucky just watched his hand move, hips rolling smoothly. Tony laughed and put one hand on Bucky's metal arm to gauge reaction. Bucky's hips sped up a little. He licked his lips and looked up at Tony. Tony grinned back, moving closer between his legs, one hand rubbing the arm while the other stroked him. Tony sort of wanted to kiss Bucky, just to see how it would feel. But he wasn’t going to take advantage of him in any way, and he wasn’t sure if Bucky would be comfortable saying no."Am I interrupting?" Steve stood in the doorway, looking at his feet, face a little red. Tony rolled his eyes. As if Steve hadn't seen them like this plenty of times before. He was definitely there the first time, when Bucky just barely muttered about a malfunction. Steve brought him right to Tony, thinking it was either medical or mechanical, conveniently ignoring how Bucky was hard, his eyes clouded with lust. After a series of poor attempts to get Bucky to touch himself, Tony just gave up and did it for him. Bucky followed Tony around like a lost duckling for the next day, a small smile on his face. Then, he'd find Tony at random times and press up against him, or put his hand to his crotch, silently ordering. And Tony wasn't going to refuse the guy some simple worldly pleasure after having missed out on it for so long. Steve saw them from time to time, sometimes he watched. Tony asked about it and he claimed to just be making sure that Bucky wasn't hurt, or felt forced, as if he didn't initiate it every time.
Bucky smiled at Steve now, rutting into Tony's every little touch, one hand on his shoulder, the other planted firm, being touched all over by Tony. Steve smiled awkwardly, "I, uh-""It's fine, he'll be done soon." Tony smiled, twisting his wrist a little, drawing another soft noise from Bucky. His breathing sped up a little, and Tony grinned. He sort of loved watching Bucky fall apart just from a handjob. His back arched and he groaned, coming in Tony's hand.Steve moved close now, "The, uh, the arm. I just had a few questions about that."Bucky slumped against Tony, smiling softly to himself. Tony gave Steve a look as he wiped the come off of his hand, "Let him have a moment, jesus.""Sorry." Steve shifted a little. That movement caught Bucky's eye and he sat up a little, giving Steve a wicked look before grabbing Tony's hand and moving it to Steve's crotch.Steve jerked away, but not before Tony realized he was half hard. Bucky gave Steve a firm look, and pulled him close, pressing Tony's hand against him again.Steve arched away, "I'm so sorry Tony. Bucky, really, I'm good without this. Thank you."Bucky looked at Tony expectantly. Tony smirked, "So you get off on watching me touch him?""No, I just-" He stopped as Tony unzipped him and pulled him out. Tony hummed a little, stroking him slowly, wondering about the last time someone touched Steve like this, if they ever had. Based on the reaction he got, he figured Steve didn’t touch himself this way much. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s neck, pulling him closer. His breathing sped up a little, and Tony tried not to laugh. Both the super soldiers seemed to get so far gone from small touches. He put his free hand around Steve’s waist, “What happened to innocent, all-American Steve Rogers?”“Don’t act like that, Tony,” He sighed. Bucky grabbed the arm on Steve’s wais
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Mutual Masturbation
Hand Jobs
Threesome
Double Penetration
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Mute Bucky Barnes
Blow Jobs
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Lust
Loss of Virginity
Dirty Talk
Bad Dirty Talk
Virgin Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

