Chapter 1: The End
    


Summary:

Loki falls, and lands somewhere he didn't expect.



Notes:
You may have noticed the chapter numbers have changed. After some thought, I decided that this section of Chapter 1 didn't really fit the rest of it (and Chapter 1 was already ridiculously long as it was,) so I decided to split it off. Adding a prologue gave some balance and symmetry to the fic, I think.




Chapter Text
Loki falls.It's a long, long descent, long enough that the primal terror of falling itself begins to pall. Terror, Loki has time to realize, is an illusion, a prediction of the mind of pain to come - but if there is no end to the fall, there is nothing to fear but the endlessness itself.The bright vision of Asgard, framed against the background of stars and nebulae above, has long since flickered and faded from his vision, and yet there is no ground below to be found, no rocks on which he can dash himself to drive all sense from his head as it has fled from the universe around him. He falls, and falls, and yet there is nowhere he is fallingto - just... away. Away from light, from life, from anything.No, Loki. Those two words burrowed down into his chest like termites, eating channels in his heart and nerves until he was hollow, weak and brittle. He let his hand slip from the haft of the spear because he could not bear it, because he wanted it to end, why will it not end?He comes to realize that it was unwise, perhaps, to choose this method to end his life. He wanted to be free of heartache, of guilt, of this hollow nothingness in his chest that eats up all his heart and his lungs until he can no longer breathe, but by slipping away into this void he has given himself far too much time to dwell on it.He should not have sent the Destroyer after Thor, Loki decides. That was his mistake. He should have left his brother to the mortals in peace; if he had not sent the Destroyer, Thor would have had no opportunity to display his idiot courage, and the hammer would never have returned to him along with all that followed. (And that is the only reason he regrets it, Loki is sure; not that he is sorry to have hurt his brother, surely not.)He was so close, he thinks, so close to the completion of his glorious plans. Just one more hour alone with the bifrost and it would have been complete; then he could go to Odin and say, see how clever I am, that I won your war without a drop of blood being spilled; see how loyal I am, that I would kill even my own kin-father for you - all for you.No, Loki. And with just two words Loki understood that he was wrong, that he will always be wrong, that there's no going back - ever. He would always know just what he is, just what he's capable of, and he'd see it every time he passes a mirror - every time he sees himself in their eyes. He would hear it hissing under every word, every breath:monster.Do monsters strive, Loki suddenly wonders, as men do? Do they have monster-peers who judge their performance in pillage and murder, monster-parents whose approval they seek by laying prizes at their feet? Do monsters realize their own evil and worthlessness and strive to overcome it, or do they know nothing but the primal purity of their own monstrous urges, no past or future but only the base satisfaction of the now?If they do, then Loki almost wishes he could become such a monster, forget all the regret and anticipation of pain and live in blissful ignorance. That he cannot, that he can still not loose himself of the fetters of expectation and resentment and lost hopes and guilt and bitter, bitter disappointment, means that he is neither monster nor man; he is nothing, then, at all.
How long he falls - hours, days, years - he does not know; but in time the grief and pain and rage that Loki feels is too much to be contained only with himself. It boils out to spill on those around him, calling ghostly images from his mind of the parade of those who had betrayed him (the loved ones he had betrayed.)How dare Odin look at him so, after all Loki had done, after all Loki had sacrificed for him, only him? How dare Frigga shrink away from his embrace as though he were some filthy creature from the swamp, she who had always claimed tolove him, she who of all people should have been on his side? How dare Thor act like he was some sort of hero, some sort of bigger man, he who had sworn to 'kill them all' all throughout his childhood and yet a week ago still thoughtnothing of murdering any man, giant or mortal who stood in his way?Those mortals! Loki saw only glimpses of them from his seat on Hlidskjalf, the golden throne from which the king of Asgard watches over all the universe; he'd gotten little more of a sense of them on his one unofficial sojourn to Midgard. But he calls them out one by one to his mind, to brood over them and craft dreams of rage and vengeance. The dark-haired man in the oh-so-tidy suit, who had the hubris to imprison a God. The white-haired grandfather who'd taken Thor o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Jan

freeform: 
FrostIron - Freeform
Post-Thor
Psychological Trauma
Loki Needs a Hug
that escalated quickly
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Time Travel
Time Loop
Apocalypse
End of the World
Canon-Typical Violence
this is gonna hurt
Save Scumming
Avenger Loki
Loki is not a hero
Implied/Referenced Torture
Psychological Torture
Loki is cracking up
Mental Instability
Unhealthy Relationships
Manipulative Loki
Genocide
It Gets Worse
downer ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Jan

