Chapter 1



Notes:
Quick note for new readers -- there are comments on this chapter which mention a fairly big spoiler for later in the fic. You may want to avoid reading the comments on chapter one if you want it to stay a surprise :)




Chapter Text



IT'S THREE in the morning, and the Avengers are playing baseball.
Captain America and Black Widow are on one side, Thor and Hawkeye on the other, with Iron Man playing perpetual defense. The Hulk -- in some form -- is umpire.
The baseball game is virtual; there's a real bat, but the gloves and ball are blue-light holograms. Several floors of Stark Tower, New York's newest and most architecturally dubious ornament, have been set aside for Avenger use, but even Stark Tower can't host an Avenger playing real baseball indoors.
This night game comes shortly before I am scheduled to finish my two-week stay with the Avengers. Starting at the end seems counter-intuitive, but it's better this way: a real slice of Avengers life, without any of the awkwardness of the first few days I spent trying to understand them.
Without the uniform and cowl, Captain America is a boyish blond man with a smile a mile wide, but there's an unmistakable air of command as he murmurs with Black Widow about strategy. Not far off, Tony Stark is reiterating the rules and regulations of fouls, balls, and outs to Thor, a giant man in, at the moment, Mickey Mouse pajamas. Hawkeye stands nearby, watching the others.
The gymnasium has low lights and one long glass wall looking out on Manhattan, which glows dimly before sunrise.
Iron Man pitches and Captain America swings, hitting a high pop-fly. Hawkeye goes deep, leaping like a cat, and the holographic ball just barely ricochets off his glove. He runs for it, scoops it up, and shoots it towards second, where Thor is waiting. Captain America heads back for first base, but Thor lifts off and flies past him, tagging him out on the way.
Hulk calls it an out. Stark calls Hulk a traitor.
Captain America, apparently bored, does a handstand while waiting for the bickering to end. Hawkeye and Black Widow wrestle amiably. Thor practices his swing, but he's using a large, square hammer with a leather grip to practice. Every ball he hits with the hammer leaves the "park".
"Sometimes people can't sleep," Hawkeye informed me, when I witnessed the first of these predawn games. Tonight is the third since I arrived.
This is the life of the Avengers.
 
NO AMOUNT of begging, bribery, or subterfuge managed to penetrate the steel wall of secrecy surrounding the Avengers in the wake of the Chitauri attack on New York. Tony Stark, the only public face of the team, deflected all questions and maintained a sort of hero's code. He wouldn't name the man under the Captain America cowl, he wouldn't confirm the identities of Black Widow or Hawkeye, and he didn't know where Thor was. He refused to give any details about where the Hulk was or how he was contained. He did it all with a screw-you grin that told the world he knew the answers and didn't think they'd earned the right to have them. It was Tony Stark Theatrical at its finest.
Six months after the Battle of Manhattan, the Avengers were again let off the leash. They were sent to defend a small midwestern town against an attack by the terrorist group AIM, an enemy Stark had dealt with once before. AIM was prevented from further terrorist acts, and the Avengers were lauded by the heartland as heroes, without any of the cynicism of New York in the wake of their first battle. Still, the public wouldn't be content with half-answers any more, and Stark clearly struggled under the constant public scrutiny.
After the second Avengers mission, the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division, which oversees their activities, decided that "no publicity" was no longer "good publicity". S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted public exposure: a long, in-depth human interest piece that would answer the public's questions about who our newest heroes are.
Why I was chosen was a mystery at first. When a massive, secretive intelligence agency asks for you by name, you don't ask too many questions in return. I was simply told by S.H.I.E.L.D. to present myself at Stark Tower at five pm on Wednesday, and to stay -- living with, eating with, and sharing the lives of the Avengers -- for two weeks.
I was met at Stark Tower by Maria Hill, a high-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and the handler for the Avengers. I expected dossiers, or at least a briefing. I got neither.
"They're temperamental," she told me, as we walked through the intimidatingly large lobby of the Tower. "They're very private people, and some of them aren't strangers to publicity. They decided -- " on Stark's advice left unsaid, " -- that they wanted you to meet them in person, not on paper."
"And you agree?" I asked.
"I'm their handler, not their mother," she said. "Something I frequently tell them, as well. You'll like them," she added. "Just don't bring up politics in fron
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
POV Outsider
News Media
Slice of Life
Interviews
Snipers

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

