Chapter 1



Notes:
Everyone and there mother has gone to see Civil War by now (and if not, you definitely should!). I think the difficult part about writing fanfic post Civil War is trying to get STony or even Starbucks (Steve/Tony/Bucky)back together after that. Like it's really freakin' hard and most of the time can leave some of us unsatisfied; I've even read really Post Civil War stories where they refer to CW events (Bucky and Steve beating the crap out of Tony/leaving him in the dust or cold) and it never sits right with me when they all get happy ending but don't really work for it/skim over it quickly.TONY DESERVES MOTHERFUCKIN BETTER!So Importante facts that will help make this easier:1) this is Post CA: Winter Soldier. The actual present time storyline takes place about almost 2 years (like 1 year and 9 mos) after Shield fell.2) the events of AoU will NOT occur (sorry really don't like Wanda's character so have no desire to incorporate that mess but if that changes, you'll know).3)Steve Tony and Bucky had come together through a long period of time (about 10 months after Shield went down, and have been together for a year). If you get where I'm heading with that, kudos to you cause it's CW related. And of course this story I'm doing comes to light after they've already started their relationship so it makes everything more at stake!4) If you've seen Civil War, we obviously know what already happened in the film but it's interesting to me to see Tony work through it and work out the facts. (if this statement is confusing, trust me you'll understand later).5) This story incorporates Civil War things in this story so SPOILER ALERT and CONVERGING STORYLINE! *The tag of dubious consent has been added because though the boys have sex that appears consensual, the fact that Steve and Bucky have been lying to Tony about something huge and withholding the information makes their sexual acts leaning towards dubcon.**PS* First chapter is talking about "the past" referring to everything immediately following CA: Winter Soldier. That will lead us into the next chapter/sequential chapters of "the present" where Tony will review what happened in the passing 1 1/2 and then continue onward. I just needed like a chapter to establish the beginning. Then we can get to the angst. *cackles gleefully*




Chapter Text
 
-the past-
 He taps his foot impatiently on the tiled floor of the lab, waiting as JARVIS phones the familiar number. When the call connects after three rings, he doesn't even allow the person on the other end to get a word in. "No one called me," he says in way of greeting. "Why the hell did no one call me?""Hello to you too Stark," Natasha says, no doubt a smirk on her face; of course such smugness seems well-deserved after dumping the all of the now overthrown SHIELD HYDRA files on the internet for any amateur blogger's delight and then giving the government a big finger salute in court. "Tell me why I had to watch the hellcarriers I designed meticulously for months on end, be used for nefarious purposes and then obliterated in a fiery death.""The bad guys were trying to take over the world again. Shouldn't your all-knowing A.I. have gotten the memo right away?" she asks, almost playfully."JARVIS may be a leap for mankind, but he's stilled as flawed as my human ability. Plus I was in a 'do not disturb workshop time'. So no, I didn't get to know of this first hand, since I obviously wasn't on your speed dial. Instead I had to learn of this by watching second rate clips from Fox News.""We were a little busy," she offers, not sounding all that sorry.He huffs, a bit annoyed. "Where are you?""In a hospital, currently watching our bed-ridden leader try to lift a spoonful of jello to his mouth without wincing.""Cap's there? Good. Give him the phone."He hears exasperated shuffling, and Nat's "It's Stark" in the background."Tony?" Steve's voice comes on, sounding hesitant and tired."Ah, so he lives! Heard you took a little dip into the Potomac River Cap. Glad to know you didn't stay there though, because I really don't see you as much of an Aquaman. Of course, had you decided to actually call me, you wouldn't of had that problem seeing as I would of saved your ass before your hair could've even skimmed the water.""Language," Steve chastises, words jokingly soft. Tony then hears a sigh of fondness come over the line. "Nice to know you were worried. But it's no big deal, we made it out okay.""'No big deal', says the man lying in a hospital bed" he mutters unimpressed, shuffling designs around on his desk to keep his hands busy. "You and Nat take down a government organization all by yourselves?""We had some help. Fury, Hill, and Sam did a huge part of the work."Nick I-got-my-eye-on-you Fury and Maria crossed-arms-unimpressed-mom-frown Hill he knows, but he's unfamiliar with the third party "Sam?" "Sam Wilson. He's a veteran I met up here in D.C. and got to become good friends with. Helped us out of a tight spot a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Mission Report
December 16 1991
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Lies
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony Stark
Heavy Angst
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Break Up
Mental Anguish
Trust Issues
feeling betrayed
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark working alone
doesn't know who to trust
or what to believe
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

