Chapter 1





Chapter Text
i.It begins in medias res—most of his memories do, when he dreams them—with the sharp scent of blood, hot and sticky even through the spandex of his suit, and the stuttering heartbeat in his ears that isn’t his own but might as well be.He’ll watch from the corner of his eye in absolute horror, mute with it, teeth biting down so hard his jaw aches and a tooth chips with the force. He thinks he speaks here, he doesn’t remember very well, he fixated on the sensations of what he’d done instead—the gasping breaths, clutching hands, and the gurgles. The man will stagger forward—reflex, he’ll briefly remember, the body has already begun to shut down—and the man’s ankle will snap sideways and his knees will bend and he’ll collapse on his back in the snowy tundra, spasms wracking his body before he goes very still.
You did that—you killed that man. 

Wasn’t that too easy?
“Come on, Spider-Man, it’s this way! Bucky’s already in position!” Captain America will shout in his ear suddenly and move him away from the corpse by the sheer pull of his words. Peter will move after a few stunned moments, he knows that, but his tongue will feel glued to the roof of his mouth for years. He’ll feel glued to that singular moment in his life where he lost control of his powers for a split second—a moment where he had panicked because he was freshly eighteen, hadn’t slept very well for weeks following his move from Aunt May’s house, and volunteered for this dangerous mission with Captain America with barely any tactical combat experience under his belt because he lied—but it’s a moment Peter doesn’t ever forgive himself for.He’ll never forget this.“Listen up, kid, you will not freeze up on me here,” Wolverine snarls in his other ear, and his grip on his arm is grounding. Nails dig in like claws. “You knew what you were getting yourself into when you decided to tag along, so get a move on, bub.” Blood will splatter Peter’s masked cheek, set his world in dark spots as the blood runs black against his lenses.“Take the shot,” the Winter Soldier will say through his half-mask in the next moment, standing in front of him, dressed down in black Kevlar and military trousers, combat boots and military-grade gloves. He’ll watch Peter through surprisingly clear blue eyes, shifting the M82 strapped to his back. Peter will follow the movement keenly, ignoring the blood that continues to splatter his cheek and Captain America’s distant shouting on his other side, and then flash his eyes to the Winter Soldier’s when the man signals with his right hand. “One shot, one kill.”That man he killed wasn’t the enemy, though.He was hired help.He was just in a bad place, bad time.He might have known what he was signing himself up for, but Peter still didn’t have the right to kill him. These words choke out of him, but Peter doesn’t hear them anymore in the dreamscape.Now, he dreams of moving lips and voiceless thoughts: no one has the right to kill another person, he’s a hero, the pariah of NYC, patron saint of the lost, the abused, and the repentant—it’s what’s always kept him from releasing the full impact of his strength and abilities, that propelled him into vigilantism and then heroism in the first place.  With great power comes great responsibility, right?“And greater enemies,” the Winter Solider adds, sound rushing back in a tidal wave of gunshots and screaming. Peter will bite back any rebuttal he had, staring wide-eyed at the assassin who observes him. “One shot, one kill. Only do what is necessary, never more,” the Winter Solider will repeat, his bionic arm clutching Peter’s shoulder painfully. Blue eyes will bore into his to make sure he understands and he’ll nod despite the chaos breaking out around them: Wolverine, slaughtering HYDRA agents with every swipe of his adamantium claws; Captain America, slinging his shield left and right, hitting enemies and bringing them down by the rows with perfect accuracy.It’s chaos and he doesn’t want to be there.But the Winter Soldier will shove Peter forward and he’ll be webbing HYDRA agents in the next moment, feeling like he’s been doing this for hours, overwhelmed by HYDRA numbers, understanding that his objective is not to engage Red Skull no matter what but wanting to anyway.He’s distracted.(Peter knows it’s his fault, is what he’s saying. He dreams this over and over and over again and nothing ever changes.)(Nothing ever will.)He’s backup along with Wolverine. The Winter Solider and Captain America will handle the rest, Peter remembers thinking, they’ll win because they had a plan and—they’re war heroes, Peter remembers thinking, they know what they’re doing better than I do, and breath comes out quick and fast, terrified, because Tony told him not to volunteer for this mission and he feels guilty. The odds were not in their favor, Tony had mentioned, it was likely a trap if Red Skull was acting so openly. Steve and Bucky had their own agenda and were working outside of the Av
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Aftermath of Torture
Identity Issues
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Unhealthy Relationships
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Amnesia
Multiverse
previously established relationship
616-Peter Parker
Earth-8351
Top!Peter Parker
Bottom!Wade Wilson
D/s undertones

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

