Work Text:
“Hong Kong,” Tony Stark says from behind where Stephen’s standing. Stephen doesn’t ask how he got inside, how he even learnt about the Sanctum: this is Tony Stark, after all, and the door sometimes opens to those who need it. The Cloak hasn’t jumped to protect him or incapacitate Stark, so Stephen doesn’t worry about his safety either.Instead he turns, as if they’re having a conversation. He raises an eyebrow, asks, “What about it?”He’s met Stark before, at expensive galas and fundraisers. They’d shaken hands a few times. Stephen never sought him out then; something about the man just rubbed him the wrong way.Looking at Stark now, looking at himself now, it’s very obvious what that something was.Stark looks ragged; he has deep shadows under his eyes as if he hasn’t slept for days. He probably hasn’t. He’s pale, exhausted and manic in equal measures, seems about to keel over, and yes, this is Stephen’s professional opinion as a doctor.He knows exactly what Stark wants from him, just as he knows he won’t—can’t, but mostly won’t—give it to him. There’s a price to pay for everything.“Don’t give me that bullshit,” Stark snaps. “What kind of tech was it? Asgardian?”“Magic isn’t technology, Mister Stark,” Stephen drawls.He’d thought that would set the man off, but Stark just hunches.“Well, I knew I’d need a bloody miracle,” he says. “Miracles don’t come free,” Stephen tells him, almost gently.Stark bristles. “What does?” A beat. “Any price would be worth it.”He obviously knows they’re not talking about money, which is more than Stephen had known months ago—and there’s a funny thought, a true one, Stephen thinks: there is a world where their similarities spilled over, and Tony Stark stood in his place in Katmandu and looked for magic to save his broken life.He considers saying that, decides against it. That would make Stark leave, and Stephen can’t let him do that yet, not in this state. Primum non nocere.  And there are others who could grant Stark his wish. It’s Stephen’s duty to make sure Stark will never seek them.“Would it be?” Stephen asks. “Your Avengers are alive. Would you risk them?”“What Avengers?” Stark says, and Stephen thinks, ah. But before Stephen can say something, Tony shakes his head. “And they aren’t, Doctor. Not all of them.”He’s obviously not lying, which is interesting, because Stephen knows that—divided as they might be, they all survived the last few fights. But it’s not as if Tony Stark hasn’t lost other people.Then Stark looks at Stephen, tilts his head questioningly. “What was your price?”“Worth it,” Stephen says. “And I’d keep paying it, over and over.”Stark looks straight at him. “And you know better than me what I’m capable of doing—”“Oh, I do believe you’re capable of almost anything, Iron Man. That much is obvious to anyone with eyes. However . . .” Stephen sighs. He supposes he owes him the truth. “I’ve been reading. The library is quite extensive, you see; it spans beyond our reality. What I was looking for is not important; what I found, however . . . Superhero Civil War.”Stark’s eyes are wide. He’s trembling, ever so slightly, but still noticeably. “Big name,” he says.“There were hundreds of heroes in those worlds, fighting that war” Stephen says. “The details vary, from what I’ve seen; the constant was Iron Man and Captain America, fighting.”“So the theory of parallel worlds is true, and all of me are fuck-ups, thanks, just what I wanted to—”Stephen raises a hand to silence him. Surprisingly, it works, so he continues talking. “The specific world I read about—you survived. Steve Rogers did not.”Tony Stark takes a step back.“Playing with time—I did it. It was necessary to save the world; not only to appease my own demons. The only risk I faced was losing when the world was already dying.” “Not running away—even from certain disaster—that takes courage,” Stark says, as if he’s not still visibly shaken, terrified by the thought of his friend dying. As if he wants to reassure Stephen, when all he’s doing is breaking.They really are similar, except now, years since their first meeting—Stephen thinks he mostly feels sympathy.And he is a doctor, after all.Stark keeps touching his chest—he probably doesn’t even realise it. Clothed like he is, he looks normal, but Stephen remembers seeing his medical files, and also remembers the years when he paraded around with the arc reactor in his chest. Stephen had thought it was a curiosity, but he wasn’t a cardiac surgeon. Now . . . His extends his hand, barely a few inches.“Don’t,” Stark says before Stephen can even offer.Stephen nods. He hesitates, but . . . “This is not me refusing to help,” he says. “You might feel that way, but it’s not. I’m—my job is protecting this planet now, much as yours. If—”“I know,” Stark interrupts. “And same. Obviously. I will help you protect the Earth, if you ever need help. Even though I still have issues believing in demons.”“So did I. Empirical experience helped,” Stephen says drily, even though he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
spoilers for doctor strange
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

