Work Text:

Meeting Matt Murdock, Avocado at Law

“Come on, Luke,” Inspector Ridley urged. “Just tell us what you were doing there. We know you. This is Harlem, this is our home. We’re fighting for the same thing. Tell us what you were doing with Miss Jones and Mr. Rand.”

“Am I under arrest, Inspector?” Luke shrugged his shoulders, hands loosely clasped on the tabletop. 

“You could be,” Ridley warned. “We found you with two high interest persons in a warehouse where we found the fresh blood of no less than five individuals. No bodies. Tell me, Luke, what do you make of that?”

“I make that you better charge me with something or-”

The door swung open, an apologetic new officer failing to hold back a man Luke didn’t recognize. He was about 5’10’’ and medium build, white, kind of scruffy, wore red tinted glasses...and held a white cane straight and close to his body as he slid into the room purposefully. Blind then, probably why the rookie hesitated in restraining him. 

“Hello, Mr. Cage,” the man smiled winningly in Luke’s direction. “Inspector Ridley, I’d appreciate it if you’d cease interrogating my client.”

“Your client?” Ridley’s eyebrows rose as she pushed back her chair and faced the arrival. “And you are?”

“Matt Murdock, attorney.” There was another forcefully charming, borderline smug grin. The expression shifted into something more genuine as he turned back towards Luke’s direction. “Claire called me as soon as you were taken to the precinct.”

Claire. Damn, that woman was good. This must have been the guy she mentioned when all that shit with Diamondback was going down. He seemed helpful enough and came in at the right time. At the very least he might get him out of the precinct and back on the street before any clues went cold. 

“Well, Mr. Murdock,” Ridley ground out. “I’d appreciate it if you’d stop hindering my investigation. Mr. Cage isn’t in trouble-”

“Ah, no charges being pressed then. Wonderful. Looks like both of us are free to go-”

Ridley spun in her seat, focusing on Luke and ignoring the politely grinning Mr. Murdock. “Bodies are piling up, Luke. People are missing. If you’re in this, you need to tell me-”

“I don’t believe Mr. Cage needs to tell you anything.” Grin slipping into a baring of teeth, Mr. Murdock interrupted. His voice was clipped, harder around the edges. 

Luke nodded gamely, watching the two like a tennis match. 

“Was I talking to you, Mr. Murdock?” Venom dripped from Ridley’s voice. “We all have Harlem and Luke’s best interest in mind.”

“Best interest?” Mr. Murdock scoffed and Luke had to admit, the boy did it well. “Did you have Mr. Cage’s best interest in mind when your department  leaked dash cam footage of his altercation with two officers, edited and without full context, thus inciting a wave of civilian-police conflict? Did you have his best interest in mind when you ordered a manhunt after my innocent client based on the actions of the criminal known as Diamondback, despite one of your best detectives recommending further investigation?”

“Mr. Murdock-”

“Or should I bring up the frankly horrifying precinct wide implementation of dangerous and experimental military grade ammunition, expedited through the bigoted fear of powered people and aimed at harming and possibly killing my client?”

“That was-”

“Or perhaps you’re speaking of your own actions, Inspector Ridley. You yourself remanded custody of my client to unverified federal agents on the pretense of time owed. However, the prison from which my client allegedly escaped was not only privately owned, but revealed to have been conducting unethical, illegal, and deadly human experimentation with unauthorized promises of reduced sentencing. All this done behind the backs of every government organization tasked with the protection of the inmates’ most basic human rights. Is that the best interest of Mr. Cage to which you refer?”

Luke admitted to being as stunned as Ridley looked. Though less apoplectic. “You-”

“Unless you’re pressing charges,” Mr. Murdock concluded, “I believe we’re done here. Mr. Cage?”

He didn’t need to be told twice. Standing with a shrug and a barely contained fist pump, Luke followed his new favorite lawyer as the man maneuvered his way out of the door and down the hall. 

“Thanks for that, Mr. Murdock.”

“Please, call me Matt.”

“Luke.” He couldn’t help the shit eating grin that formed. “I owe Claire big. She said you were good, but that was impressive.”

Matt smirked and Luke would be damned if he didn’t find that devilish expression too handsome for his own good. “They wouldn’t have kept you here much longer anyway.”

“Yeah, but that look on Ridley’s face.” Luke chuckled deep and hearty until he processed what he said. “Oh, uh, shit. Sorry, man.”

“No apologies needed,” Matt waved. “Happens all the time. And I can imagine.”

“Luke!” Jessica ran forward, frown firmly in place and Danny following close to her side. Hogarth was talking with some long haired blond man in the waitin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Mild Language
Canon-Typical Violence
Getting Together
Getting to Know Each Other
Humor
Team Dynamics
Teambuilding
Team
Ableism
Sort Of

fandom: 
None
