Chapter 1: Red and gold
    




Chapter Text
Tony was only ten when it happened.When he awoke one morning to the call of Jarvis, the Stark family butler, he had a uncomfortable feeling on his back, close to his shoulders.Thinking nothing of it he groggily climbed out of bed and walked into his bathroom that joined on to his bedroom. Looking in the mirror he fixed his hair and stood there watching himself for a few minutes.For a ten year old Tony looked fairly grown up. He was short for his age, but made up for his lack of height with his cockiness and attitude. His dark brown hair was stuck up in all directions, and his chocolate colored eyes glistened in the light of the bathroom window opposite the mirror.At the moment he was only wearing his PJ bottoms, which were blue with the classic Captain America shield patterned across them. He was a proud Captain America fan, and his whole bedroom was filled with red, white and blue merchandise.After brushing his teeth, he grinned into the mirror showing off his signature 'im Tony Stark' smile before turning around and walking back toward the door.Looking one last time in the mirror Anthony Edward Stark was shocked. He quickly shoved the door shut and locked himself inside the bathroom, walking back over to the mirror and turning halfway around so he could see his back.Producing from his shoulders were two strange bony bumps, one had a single small metallic red feather sprouting from it.FoHFoHFohFoHFoHFohFoHFoHFoHAfter that Tony had yelled so loud that he had awakened his mother and captured Jarvis' attention from father wasn't here this week as he was on a business trip.Both adults raced up to Tony's room and hurried in, only to hear a few panicked sobs coming from the Bathroom. Maria Stark tried to open it but it was no use. It was locked."Anthony! Anthony are you ok?" Her sweet voice was laced with worry for her young son, who was sobbing behind the door.Jarvis looked around until he found the spare key, and unlocked the door opening it slowly. Both adults rushed to the young Stark who was huddled in the corner, his head tucked between his knees.Maria took her son into a hug but gasped as she saw the bony bumps producing from his back."Are you ok Anthony?""W-Whats w-wrong with m-me!?" He cried into her shoulder, hugging her tightly."Nothing is wrong Anthony. Your just different. And different is good." She told him stroking the top of his head in a calming gesture.The small boy smiled at his mother, glad she didn't think he was a freak. His face fell as he though of something else, something worse."What about dad?"Jarvis visibly winced at the question. Everyone in the household knew that Howard wasn't interested in his own son, but he hated mutants with a firey hatred and it would be devastating if he found out. He was about to answer when Maria had a idea."We'll find a way to hide them sweety."FoHFoHFohFoHFoHFohFoHFoHFoHSo whilst Tony and his wings were growing Jarvis would wrap them in bandages every morning so that they were pulled flush to his body. Hardly anyone would notice apart from Jarvis and Maria, who knew the secret and could see it easily.Luckily Howard never noticed. He was normally too drunk or too busy to care for his son anyway.But as Tony grew taller and stronger, his wings consequently grew in length and width, and there came a time when the teen would wear a long trench coat in order to conceal their existence.They now reached down past his knees, and the feathers covering them were a metallic red and the tips of his wings were covered in gold feathers that glinted in the light.After Maria had found out Tony had wings, she asked Howard if Tony could be home schooled, so that she could keep an eye on her son. Howard agreed quickly, being more fussed over his work than his family's welfare.So after that Tony was schooled by his mother and Jarvis, who knew just about anything when it came to the world. Tony himself would work out how to create invention and use the tools, which he was used to.For exercise Maria, Jarvis and Tony would wait until Howard was on a business trip, and they had sent the staff home, before walking toward their private field, that was surrounded by empty land, and Tony would practice flying.It was a amazing thing to see, the great wings caressing the air, glinting in the late afternoon sun.It was even more amazing for the young Stark though.He could feel the rush of air pass him as he swooped and swerved around the sky, yelling in joy and excitement.FoHFoHFohFoHFoHFohFoHFoHFoHWhen Tony was admitted to MIT he had whooped and hollered in happiness, even though he knew he wouldn't be able to even stretch his wings. Howard was somehow proud too, and had gave his son a hefty pat on the back, hitting his wings, though Howard never noticed Tony wince, and told him that he would have his own dorm so he wouldn't have to share with other, older kids.For a time he was happy, learning things he mainly already knew and creating a AI
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Wingfic
Mutant!Tony

fandom: 
None
