Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy walked through the door of the old gym on the lower west side with trepidation. Her dad had told her this was the place to go, but the whole place looked a little run down; smelled like it too, that musty layer of old leather and years of sweat in the ring hanging in the air. The gym was almost deserted. There was an enormously tall blonde at the speed bag in the corner and a man who must have been in his 70s, but still looked street tough, lifting free weights by a mirror spotted with age. The atmosphere was quiet; there was a level of focus hanging around the place that you didn’t often find in the shiny, high-end fitness clubs that were everywhere these days. She supposed, when she thought about it, that it did remind her a bit of the gym that her father and brother had trained in back home. And just like that gym, it didn’t take more than thirty seconds before she was noticed. A small, wiry, grey haired man stuck his head out of the office, a bushy eyebrow raised high. “You lost ma’am?” the harsh Brooklyn accent cut across the room. Neither of the other two men in the room so much as looked up. “Not unless the sign out front is lying to me,” she said wryly, used to people thinking she didn’t belong in places like this. “You Sal?” “Who’s asking?” the older man looked intrigued now, coming to lean against the doorframe. “Darcy Lewis,” she approached and held out a hand, “My pop sent me.” He looked at her a moment longer, then realisation dawned. “Well I’ll be God damned,” he said pumping her arm like it was his job, “Major Lewis’ little girl all grown up!” “Yes sir,” she said with a grin. She liked to see the enthusiasm that her father’s name conjured up in his friends. “He told me this was the only place to go in New York.” “Damned right,” he said cheerfully. “You looking to train?” “Pop’d kill me if I ever fell off the wagon,” she said with a smirk, “Thought I’d at least stay fighting trim. Not looking to compete or anything. I just can’t stand all that girly boxercise shit.” Sal laughed, “That’s about right, family like yours.” He sobered for a moment, “I was real sorry to hear about Jim.” He said solemnly. “Thanks,” she said quietly, “It was a real blow to the family,” she took a breath and managed a smile, “but we’re real proud of him. Not the first hero in the Lewis family, but certainly one of the best.” “Always was a mean fighter in the ring and the nicest guy in the gym outside of it.” Said Sal fondly, “I bet you’re not so bad yourself.” He shot an elbow at her, clearly changing the subject. She brought her arms up to guard against the blow with a grin, “Not so bad,” she agreed. “Always room for improvement though.” “Well put your kit on girl; let’s see what you got and then we’ll start you on a program.” It was a relief, pulling on her head guard, sticking in her mouthpiece, and lacing up her gloves. There was comfort in this. Outside of the ring, she might be awkward and flighty and a bit off centre, but here between the ropes she was balanced and focused and sure of herself.  She dropped her sweats leaving her in lycra shorts before shoving on her other glove. She heard the rhythm of the blonde on the speed bag stutter and rolled her eyes. There was one in every gym. He’d figure out pretty quick that she was far more likely to knock him to the mats than make eyes at him. + + Steve didn’t look up when the door of the gym jingled. He came here to be alone, to pound out his frustration into sand bags and occasionally a sparring partner. The Avengers made it better, being part of a team helped. But there were some things that he just had to work through on his own. His eyebrow may have gone up as he heard a light female voice respond to Sal’s questioning. But Sal seemed to know the girl, and the conversation quickly faded into the background as his focus centred back on his rhythm. As Sal stepped into the ring with her, he could see them out of the corner of his eye. Her back was to him, but he could see that she was petite. Short and curvy, not the kind of girl he’d expected to see in this gym. Although to be fair, he never really expected to see any kind of girl in this gym. Sometimes when he was at Sal’s he could forget the year and imagine himself back in his own time. It was a boy’s club, free of pop music and elliptical machines and women who were more interested in how they looked than working up a sweat. He liked it that way. The spandex crowd made him uncomfortable. However, he mused to himself as the girl pulled her loose pants off, leaning over and giving him an eyeful of toned, spandex clad ass that made his mouth go dry, sometimes uncomfortable was okay. He narrowly avoided getting struck in the head by the speed bag as his rhythm faltered. “Get a grip Rogers,” he muttered to himself. It had been a while now, since that last day in his own time. The last time he had had his hands on a woman. He was adjusting; he was finding a place for himself. But he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Boxing & Fisticuffs
also
Parkour
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Women Being Awesome
Get Together
Sexy Times

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

