Work Text:
There was a man sitting on the front stairs.Terri paused, her hand locked on the handle of her car door as she considered if this was a threat or not. She flipped her keys around in her free hand, letting the heavy weight of the rattle against her hip. The man didn't move, he just sat there, elbows braced on his knees, his head hanging down.  The early morning light glinted on off of the thin film of snow on the steps, on the bushes, on the dark panes of the windows.  She was pretty sure he was asleep.  There was snow on his shoulders, on his blonde hair.  He wasn’t wearing a hat, or gloves, but his heavy pea coat hung low over his legs and wrists.Shaking her head, Terri stalked across the parking lot, kicking gravel as she went.  The clatter of the rocks brought his head up, and for a moment, he blinked owlishly at nothing in particular.  The expression on his face was almost funny, a sort of benign befuddlement.  It seemed to suit his face in a way that she couldn't quite define, as if his face was suited to that sort of confusion.“Morning,” Terri said. “Your ex steal your dog?”The man blinked at her.  She was close enough now to see the pale blue of his eyes beneath the flop of his blonde hair.  “What?” he asked.“Cat?” Terri asked.  She stepped around him, skipping up the steps.  “Please tell me you're here for the ferrets, they're-”“Ferrets?”  He scrambled to his feet, brushing the dusting of snow off of his rear.  There was a folded stack of paper in one hand, and it crinkled against his hip.  “I don't-”Terri unlocked the front door.  “Wait here,” she said, briskly, and shut the door in his face.  She walked back to the office, flicking the lights on as she went, reaching the alarm box before it could start to wail.  She punched in the code with one hand, and flicked the coffee pot on with the other.  The carafe rattled against the hot plate, and there was a hiss as the water started to flow.  She grabbed an apron from the hook as she headed back to the front door.  She opened it.  The man was standing where she'd left him, waiting patiently in the cold morning air, his shoulders hunched forward under the weight of his dark coat.  “Great, you can follow instructions.”  She stepped back, waving him in.  “Welcome to the Morgantown Animal Rescue.”He stepped inside, looking a bit wary. “Ferrets?”“Yeah.  A woman dropped off three ferrets yesterday.”  She She walked around the main room, checking the bird cages one after another, leaning over to peer into the hamster tanks and the rat cages.  Everything was stirring, and everyone had food and water.  She scritched the cranky macaw under her chin, cooing at her until she flapped her wings.  Then Terri retreated walked behind the main counter, flipping on the computer and glancing at the answering machine.  “Thought you might be here to get them back.”The man dragged his feet back and forth on the welcome mat, kicking off the snow.  “But if I woman dropped them off-”“Sometimes, people do not react well to breakups,” Terri said, folding her arms on the counter.  “Most people we get waiting at the front door before we open are trying to pick up a pet that shouldn't be here.”The man glanced up at her, his brows drawing up tight.  “People...  Steal their ex's PETS?”He sound so legitimately horrified that Terri had to bite the inside of her cheek to keep from laughing.  “Yeah.  People are assholes sometimes.”  The coffee pot beeped, and she looked back towards the office.  The smell was leaking out now, the dark, heavy smell of the beans mingling with the scent of dog fur and antiseptic.  “But if you're looking for a new friend instead of an old one, you can feel free to look around.  The cat room's up front, dogs are back down the corridor, anyone who has a green check mark magnet on their cage is up for adoption.  Anyone with a yellow thermometer magnet is undergoing medical treatment and can't be adopted just yet, but if one of them strikes your fancy, you can put down a deposit and come back when their treatment's done.”He peered into the cat room.  “That would be hard, so I'm hoping I don't have to.”Terri hopped up onto the stool behind the counter.  She had animals to feed and cages to clean, but that could wait a few minutes.  “If it's your work schedule, you can make arrangements and someone can hold the animal until you can get here one night.”He nodded.  “I'm from out of town.”“Oh?”  Terri grinned. She grabbed one of the clipboards from the shelf behind her, already loaded up with the adoption paperwork.  She tossed it on the counter in front of her.  “Where're you from?  Granville?  Brookhaven?”He paused.  Smiled.  Just a little, the corners of his mouth tugging up.  “New York,” he said.Terri stopped in the act of reaching for a pen.  She studied him.  “New York.”  He nodded.  “Like, New YORK, New York.”“Like, New York City, New York,” he agreed.Terri shifted forward, leaning her chin on one hand.  “That's like, five hours away.”“Six and a half
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
OC silliness
Crazy cat people
Harris was an Navy brat and never had a pet
Harris is a walking tire fire

fandom: 
None
