Work Text:
“I coulda’ at least helped. It is my couch after all,” Steve huffed, closing the door to his new apartment with his foot as Clint and Sam sat the couch down with matching grunts. The couch was an over-stuffed green monstrosity with a pullout bed under the cushions, making it even heavier than the average hideous couch. Natasha had wrinkled her pert nose in disgust when she saw it in the back of the trailer, immediately giving him a laundry list of furniture stores within a ten-mile radius. Steve had just rolled his eyes in exasperation at the meddling Alpha, pointedly picking up a box labeled ‘KITCHEN’ and stalking back toward the entrance to his apartment building.“So you could have an asthma attack after 3 flights and get crushed by the damned thing? Hell nope; nuh-uh; not happening,” Sam replied flopping down on the couch before leaning his head over the arm and fixing him with a look when Steve started to argue. “Ugh, fine,” Steve conceded after a short stare-down with the Beta. “At least let me buy dinner for ya. Pizza sound good?” As Steve’s refrigerator and cupboards were currently empty, takeout was really the only option—not that Steve even knew how to cook even if he did have groceries, but that’s beside the point. “I’m always a slut for pizza,” Clint responded, opening the small red cooler on the kitchenette table and pulling out four iced beers. “You’re a slut for a lot of things,” Natasha commented, sidling up behind her Omega and planting a kiss behind his ear, mindful of his hearing aid. The blond laughed in affirmation and handed his bondmate a beer, tilting his head to the side when Natasha subtly scented his bond bite. “Ya’ll nasty,” Sam declared, his nose wrinkling up in disgust. Natasha’s green eyes glinted in Sam’s direction, a sharp smile on her full red lips as she gracefully flipped him off in return causing Sam to squawk indignantly. Clint snorted, beer shooting out of his nose down the front of his purple shirt and spraying Natasha in the face.“Aw, beer, no,” Clint said mournfully to the dark patch forming on his shirt.“Alright, pizza should be here soon,” Steve announced walking back into the living area from the bedroom where he had left his phone while moving in. He paused in the threshold of the hallway, watching in amusement at the scene: Sam cackling on the floor with his arms wrapped around his stomach, having rolled off the couch in his mirth, Natasha’s shocked and disgusted look as she tries to wipe beer out of her short red hair before it got sticky, and Clint making the stain on his shirt worse by wiping his beer covered hand down it. Steve smiled, warmth filling his chest. Moving was the best idea he’s had in a long time. After his mother died of cancer the year before, he had found himself in a state of arrested development, a complete standstill in his life. Steve had finished art school in the city, doing internships and freelance work. He was on his way up in the art world when he got the devastating news that his mother was diagnosed with stage four pancreatic cancer. Steve dropped everything, moving back to Brooklyn and into his childhood home to support his mother. It had been especially hard on him to watch his once strong, Alpha mother slowly waste away to nothing. Steve found himself mindlessly barely making ends meet at his barely above minimum wage book store job, refusing to acknowledge the left over money from his mother’s life insurance policy (most of it having gone toward her funeral). Steve hadn’t realized how deep of a hole his depression had dug him into until his close friends from college showed up at his door; hadn’t realized that he had completely isolated himself from them.He remembered being shocked when his doorbell rang out of the blue and he opened it to reveal Nat, Clint, and Sam standing on the porch. Then, like a punch to the chest, he suddenly realized he missed them so much. Nat’s razor sharp wit and equally sharp smile, her vivid red hair curling and shining in the sun; Clint’s soft hazel eyes that crinkle at the edges when he laughs, dimples showing in his cheeks and blond hair always in a perpetual bird’s nest; Sam’s handsome open and kind face that is always so expressive, and understanding temperament. He broke down for the first time since his mother had passed in his arms. Sitting on the monstrosity of a couch in his mother’s house, Natasha and Clint told Steve about their successful coffee shop in Bed Stuy that they had opened with Natasha’s degree in business and Clint’s love of baking. With shame, Steve realized that they had bonded and he had never congratulated them—never sent a gift or card, hell, didn’t even call or text them (then realized that he had let his cell service lapse and had somehow been operating without one for past year). And Sam had a job working as a line therapist at the local VA helping newly returned veterans with PTSD and social reintegration. More shame hit him when he thought of how stagnan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Minor Character Death
Depression
Minor Violence
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Canon Disabled Character
Deaf Clint Barton
Parially deaf Steve Rogers
Dorks in Love
Mutual Pining
Smut
Shameless Smut
Knotting
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
but no rape/non-con
Mating Cycles/In Heat
graphic depictions of sex
alpha bucky
Omega Steve
Alpha Natasha
Omega Clint
Beta Sam
Beta Tony
Skinny Steve
Winter Soldier Bucky
pre-serum steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

