Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 At first, Tony thinks it’s a normal dream. More realistic than usual, maybe, but eight year old Tony Stark is far from a stranger to vivid dreams. He’ll put his hand down on a table and feel it under his hand, despite knowing that both his hand and the table are figments made up by his sleeping mind.So when he finds himself in a dream version of his own house that he can feel under his feet, all he feels is a sense of unease. He has this dream sometimes, and in each one he wanders the empty house and never finds an exit in the endless hallways. In some of the dreams he’ll call out, but no-one ever answers.He hears himself make a noise. It’s creeping up on him already: the inevitable knowledge that no-one will ever come for him, and he’ll be wandering the empty house forever.“Hello?”Tony startles. He turns around.Several feet ahead of him is a boy around Tony’s age who’s just as short as he is. There’s an almost sickly look to him and Tony finds his gaze catching on the sharp angle of the boy’s elbows and knees. His hair is pale, along with his skin, and he keeps staring around the room and at Tony like he’s never seen anything like them before.“Hi,” Tony says, and the boy’s eyes return to his face. He had been staring at the polished floors.The boy asks, “Are you… real?”Tony frowns. “Of course I am. You’re the one who isn’t.”“I’m real,” the boy insists, brow furrowing. His chin juts out stubbornly. “That’s not a nice thing to say to someone, telling them they aren’t real.”Tony blinks. “Sorry. This is my dream, is all.”“This isn’t your dream, it’s mine,” the boy says. He’s looking with Tony with something like wonder.Tony’s confusion blurs into realization just as the boy says it.“Are you- are we soulmates?”Tony feels his shoulders hunch and he instinctively pushes them back. He’s been working on his posture, trying to mirror the adults around him- any sign of how awkward Tony truly feels gets him told off nowadays. So even though his heart has started beating like a rabbits’, he forces his expression to calm.“S-soulmates aren’t supposed to share dreams until they’re teenagers.”“Teenagers,” the boy repeats after a moment, like Tony had just spoken another language.“We’re too young,” Tony tells him. “I’m- I’m only eight.”“Me, too,” the boy says. His face keeps flickering from hope to something like fear. He takes an uncertain step forwards, but stops when Tony’s back becomes even more rigid. “I’m Steve Rogers.”Tony opens his mouth but nothing comes out. He swallows, says, “I’m Tony.”It’s something he doesn’t have to do much- everyone already knows who he is when he meets them.Steve doesn’t seem to know him, however. Maybe it’s due to Tony purposely leaving out his last name, which sounds more like a brand every time Tony says it. “’S nice to meet you,” he says, brightening. After a hesitation, he holds out his hand.Tony eyes it before his manners take over, almost tripping over himself in his haste to shake his hand. He’s been working on his handshakes with Jarvis- the correct grip, the right pressure.At the touch, Steve’s shoulders jump. He stares down at the hand that Tony has just let go of, quick enough that Jarvis would be disappointed. “This feels so real.”At a loss of what else to do, Tony bobs his head. Most of his dreams feel as real as it did to touch the boy’s cold hand.“I still don’t think you’re real,” Tony says, quiet enough that he thinks Steve doesn’t hear it.But Steve’s face falls, then hardens into angry lines. “Well, maybe you’re the not-real one. Maybe- maybe-”The corner of his mouth ticks and Tony has this bizarre urge to reach out and comfort him. He doesn’t have much experience with it- comforting or being comforted- but when Maria strokes his hair on the rare occasion she’s around after he has a nightmare, it always makes him feel less like the world is crumbling around him.“We’ll see each other again, if we’re both real,” Tony tries.Steve’s eyes are shiny. He blinks hard, scrubs the back of his hands over his eyes. Then he asks, “Where are we? Ma said it’s always a place where one of the soulmates has been, somewhere important, and I’ve never been someplace this nice. I’d remember.”“This is my home.”Steve goggles. “You live here? Gosh.” He cranes his head and even turns on the spot to see all the way around the room.Tony watches him and tries to unstiffen his shoulders.“Where’s your bed,” Steve asks. “And your bathroom?”“We have lots.”Steve cocks his head at him before his eyes begin to widen. “You mean there’s more of it?”Tony nods, and stops himself from leaning back when Steve says, “Jeez, can I see it?”The halls never end, Tony doesn’t say. “Okay.”He leads Steve out to where he expects another hallway, but surprisingly, the front door opens into the garden, just like it does when Tony’s awake.Steve gasps, and at first Tony assumes it’s a reaction to the garden which is perfectly trimmed, bursting with colour even in winter. But then Steve grabs at his e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

