Chapter 1





Chapter Text

S: Maria, I need to talk to you alone.
Steve and Maria remained in the meeting room after all the other Avengers and SHIELD Agents left. Maria Hill folded her arms and stood up, staring Steve.Steve approached her.
S: Maria, where's Natasha?

H: Oh my God, how many times do I have to say? I don’t know!

S: Well, I don’t believe you. You're her closest person, she wasn’t going to disappear without telling you where she was heading.

H: Yes, she would, she's done this before. She must have gotten herself into some trouble and needed to change her identity.

S: So you think she's in trouble?

H: Probably, but she knows how to deal with her own stuff, she's an adult, Captain.

S: We are friends of her, she should have come to us.

H: She's a spy, she prefers acting alone.

S: I know, but…

H: Forget it, Steve, just go take care of your engagement.

S: I'm just worried.

H: Well, don’t be.

S: How not? It's been two years since I last saw her.

H: Me too, but it's not the first time she's gone. Trust me, she's fine.

S: Even with all the imminent risk of this War, she doesn’t come to help us? Doesn’t she care to know if we are fine or not?

H: If the war happens, you can be sure that she will come.
The two heard knocks on the door, and Fury opened the door and looked at Maria.
Fury: You know I hate waiting.

H: Sorry, boss, Rogers wanted to talk with me.
Hill looked at Steve.
H: Are we done here?

S: Yes.
Hill left the room with Nick Fury, and before the door closed, an agent grabbed the door and entered the meeting room, she walked over to Steve Rogers and gave him a long kiss. Steve looked her and smiled.
Sharon: What happened? You seem worried.

S: Nothing, it's just this war.

Sharon: Well, speaking of that, it's good that our marriage happens before this war.

S: It will happen.

Sharon: Really? You haven’t set a date yet, and you always have a reason to delay.

S: It's the missions, Sharon.

Sharon: I know.

S: There’s a lot going on but I promise you as soon as possible.
Steve smiled and Sharon smiled back, Steve bent down and kissed Sharon's belly.
S: How is he?

Sharon: She... is fine.
Steve looked up to meet Sharon's eyes.
S: She? It’s a girl? Really?

Sharon: Yes. I couldn’t hold my curiosity and I looked at the test result.
Steve smiled again and kissed Sharon's belly again.
S: That's wonderful.

Sharon: I thought of a name.

S: Which one?

Sharon: Margaret Carter Rogers. Maggie Rogers.
Steve undid his smile a little and nodded.
Sharon: You didn’t like it.

S: No, it's just that I remembered your aunt...

Sharon: Damn, I'm sorry.

S: All right. I need to see Tony, I'll see you later.
Steve gave Sharon one more kiss and left the meeting room....Steve and Sharon didn’t have time to marry before the war imploded. No one understands how a single being, managed to exterminate half of the population of Earth in just two months. The whole planet was living under threat and ruins. Heroes from all corners of the planet and off the planet were communicating, to get together somewhere and discuss the best possible solution to end this Thanos War.The place chosen for the meeting was planet Earth, which had been less impacted by the Thanos attack, and one of the most distant from where Thanos was at the moment.Thor, Loki, Sif and 3-year-old Torunn were the first extraterrestrial heroes to arrive at the base of the Avengers.New base because the old one was destroyed in the attack, and Tony had already planned the construction of three huge bunkers scattered around the planet and he spread the heroes and their families through these three bunkers. Each bunker has a capacity for 900 people, they housed the heroes, their family and civilians. And yes, the new base was just a bunker under the ground.There was a bunker in Africa, one in the U.S. and another bunker at the South Pole. SHIELD and the Avengers with their families stayed in the U.S. bunker, but today they were getting more guests.Steve Rogers, Sharon Carter and Sam Wilson were at the reception.A little plane landed near the bunker and a bald man was the first to land in a wheelchair. Sharon looked at him, then looked at Steve.
Sharon: That's Professor Xavier.

S: I figured that.

Sam: We'll have mutants here, you know? That’s so dope! He ... Who's that goddess in leather?

Sharon: That's Ororo, better known as Storm.

Sam: Wow and what about that guy who looks so angry?

Sharon: That's Logan, we call him Wolverine.

Sam: JESUS CHRIST, WHAT'S THAT?

Sharon: It’s Hank, or Beast.

Sam: How bizarre, man.
Professor Xavier approached the entrance, Steve shake his hand.
S: Professor.

Charles Xavier: Captain.

S: It’s a pleasure.

Sharon: Me and Sam will help you all settle in, follow me.
Steve greeted Hank and Ororo. He smiled at Logan, who grunted some strange sound.
O: Don’t care about him, he's in a bad mood.
Ororo looked back.
O: Girls, come on.
Steve looked at the two young women, laughing and whispering to each other as they looke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanoff
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
romanogers - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanoff
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

