Chapter 1: Thank You Nat.
    




Chapter Text
Tony is on his way out of a gala, when he notices a slightly familiar paparazzi tailing behind him.  “Hello, Casey, was it?” Tony directs toward Christine barely slowing his stride as he heads toward his car. She shoves her microphone into his face with an obnoxious smile, heels clacking against the concrete as she walks, stride confident as she easily keeps up with him. “Christine actually.” She corrects with a strained smile, he shrugs. “I wanted to ask you about the information coming from an inside source that Howard Stark abused you.” Tony snorts derisively to hide his shock. “As if. Now I need to go, if you have any real questions to ask me, don’t. Okay?” Tony waves the microphone away as he slides into the car. “Hey Happy, get me home.” Happy nods, allowing Tony to wallow in silence for a bit. He sinks back into his seat and presses his hands flat against his thighs to stop their shaking. Picturing Steve, Bucky and Him relaxing on the couch together to calm himself down. “You okay Boss?” Happy asks. Tony startles slightly, shaking his hands out. “Yeah, of course I’m okay Happy. I’m always okay.” Tony grins at him as if trying to prove his point. “Shouldn’t you be paying attention to getting me home?” He settles back against his seat. “Boss we’re already home.” Happy replies, concern coloring his tone. “Are you really okay?” Tony nods, climbing out of the car gracelessly, and heading upstairs. He slips into the elevator and slams the close door button before Happy can continue his very own Spanish inquisition. He stumbles out of the elevator on the common room floor fully intending to change and head straight for the lab. “Stark!” Natasha calls from the couch, startling him so bad he knocks one of the bar stools over. “Jesus Christ Nat, I need to put bells on all of you super spies.” He’s too far into the sentence to stop before he realizes who he’s talking to. Natasha has the good grace to ignore him, much to his relief. “Can I help you?” She asks after a moment of him awkwardly staring at her. He pushes his hands flat against his thighs again. “I’ve noticed you know?” He starts, she raises an eyebrow but moves smoothly and silently into a sitting position gesturing for him to sit beside her. “The way you steer conversations for me when you’re around. I don’t know what exactly you know, and I wouldn’t be surprised if it was everything. I’m curious to know how you know, but really I just wanna thank you. So thank you for keeping Steve and Bucky from talking about Howard.” He rubs at the back of his neck. “This is awkward can we pretend it didn’t happen.” Natasha reaches out ignoring his slight flinch in order to pull him into a tight hug. “You’re not so bad Stark.” She informs him, ruffling his hair playfully. He ducks down trying to shove her arm away. “Get off me!” He grumbles, surprised to find himself feeling like a younger brother, or at least what he imagines that feels like. She laughs at him, open and pleased and Tony finds himself struck by a sense of family. He lets out something that could be graciously called a pleased chuckle, and slides under Natasha’s guard for a quick hug.“Did you just giggle?” An echoing, ungracious voice calls from the ceiling, nearly inaudible under the sound of their laughter, laughter, not giggling. Tony glares up at the ceiling instantly on edge.“Clint get your nosey ass down here.” Natasha orders in her ‘don’t fuck with me’ voice. Clint’s feet are on the ground before she’s finished talking and he smiles sheepishly at them, nearly giving Tony a heart attack as he considers their previous topic.“I hate you both.” Tony whines rolling to his feet.  Natasha’s an lands on his arm, and he stills obediently while Clint steals his seat. “Does this intense conversation have anything to do with the skin grafts?” Clint asks, gesturing towards Tony’s hidden hands. Tony grimaces, eyes going immediately to Natasha. “I’ll take that as a yes. Regularly I’d assume it was Afghanistan related, but Nat wouldn’t really have to figure that out right? Everyone knows about that so Afghanistan is out. Clint is rambling trying to follow his own train of thought, Natasha pivots on the ball of her left foot bringing her right up to snap across Clint’s face. “Jesus Christ what was that for? Did you have to break my cheek bone?” His hand jerks up to cradle his jaw. “If I’d needed to break your cheekbone, I would have Clint, stop being a baby. More importantly stop being an ass, just because you treat your issues like a joke doesn’t mean it’s an acceptable way to treat others.” She hisses leading Tony out of the room with a huff, and leaving Clint behind to contemplate exactly what nest of bees he just stepped in. “Stop giving me reasons to thank you.” Tony grumbles playfully, as they step into the elevator. He wastes no time hitting the button for his own room, as Natasha hit’s the one for the gym. “Stop being the emotional equivalent of a damse
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Past Child Abuse
Flashbacks
Secrets
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

