Chapter 1: detonation
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
You will not ‘get over’ the loss of a loved one; you will learn to live with it. You will heal and you will rebuild yourself around the loss you have suffered. You will be whole again but you will never be the same.

Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
 

0 years, 0 months, 0 weeks, 0 days,  5 hours, 6 minutes
 Grief is a dark room with the shades drawn.It’s a box that no one can look into except the resident who calls it home. It’s like Schrodinger's model: that cat isn’t dead until someone observes that it is (despite the fact that it’s been 81 years so  of course the cat is dead, of course it is, how can it not be.) Instead grief is a casual state of being neither alive nor dead. Unknown.This isn’t happening, right? Not until someone else observes it. Right now Peter is stuck in his own dark room with the shades drawn, reality separated from him. He’s far enough away from it that nothing seems real.How did he get here? He doesn’t remember. He remembers tugging off the mask and holding her, begging,  begging,  (the cat is dead you saw it die)  wishing  with everything he’d had to go back four years, undo it all, every moment, every night on the streets, every wound, everything.He'd give up everything he was for her. He should have. He promised, once, that he would.Spider-Man finds himself standing in his empty apartment, lungs stuttering inside his chest. He takes his gloves off, holds them in one hand. Drops them to the floor like they’ve burned him.He hooks a bare, trembling finger in his left webshooter. It’s about half full from the looks of it. (He could have done more. He could have--)Deft fingers unhook it from his wrist. He holds the shooter between his thumb and forefinger for a while, and doesn’t realize he’s clutching too tightly until the cartridge cracks and the pressure shifts, ruining the whole mechanism for good.He drops that, too, left hand dripping in web fluid. He clenches a fist around it and that’s when he sees them, the splotches of purple on his still-suited arm. He wipes the web fluid from the back of his left hand on his chest and skims his index finger down his right arm.The pad of his finger comes away red.Grief is a room with the shades drawn. When Peter pulls back the curtains, right now, he sees Spider-Man fumbling to rid himself of the suit, ignoring the pain as he twinges new injuries. The whole situation carries a stench that only he can smell, and it’s...it’s too real, too encompassing, and he can’t. He can’t believe it.He’s numb for a moment, shock dulling the heat of a detonation only five hours old.He’s tripping from his boots. His arms are speckled from blood that had soaked through the fabric. He feels the pressure of her head in the crook of his arm, the warm wetness as-- “No," Spider-Man says, out loud, as if the physicality of the words will stop the tide. It won't. He'll drown beneath it anyway.In the bathroom, he turns the water on cold, heavy, and throws himself underneath the spray until he prunes, until he cannot breathe, until there is ice in his throat, until he is clean. (But he’s not clean; the blood is still there, beneath the surface, on his suit, in his mind,  everywhere. The blood that beats through his own veins doesn’t even feel natural.)He’d always wanted to live inside her mind but not like this, not this literally.Grief is a room with the shades drawn, and in the overwhelming waterfall of cold, Peter closes his eyes and sees nothing but darkness.
 0 years, 0 months, 0 weeks, 0 days, 23 hours, 18 minutes When Peter Parker finds out that Gwen Stacy is dead he does not believe it.(Oh he  knows, of course he does. He knew it before she’d even hit the ground, knew it in the way she reached for him, the slow-motion of his limbs and the calming of his heart.)“I just…” He stutters, grasping for something that has always been there,  always, but isn’t anymore. “I just talked to her yesterday...she can’t…”Call him an actor, a fake. Accuse of him of lying to everyone he knows and sabotaging the things he loves, but this, right here, this surge of confusion, the bad taste of horror in his mouth; this he cannot fake.It's like he's been ripped from his own limbs, they were so intimately familiar to him that the ghost of them sends pain through him. He can feel it as if his amputated parts are still there, as if he hasn't yet lost them. Lost her. He used to be whole and now he's finding out he never will be again. Large hunks of liver, shavings of his aorta, the tendons behind his kneecaps that used to hold him steady on his own feet--parts of him that Peter used to think were vital to survival--are just gone.“Oh, sweetheart,” Aunt May says, lips twisting like they’re fighting a battle, eyes welling, welling, and this is Peter’s  fault.  He  caused this. It can’t be...It can’t be true. Can it? He’s fast, he’s strong, he’s  mutated, for God’s sake, and yet he s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
pre Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Grief/Mourning
Canonical Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Hurt Peter
References to Depression
Recovery
Friendship
College Student Peter
Panic Attacks
Heavy Angst
Mild Blood
hurt to extra hurt to comfort
Language

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
pre Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

