Work Text:
New York being New York, there's a niche bar for everything. Never mind gay bars and karaoke bars, New York has superhero bars. Clint's been to a few of them, usually after the Avengers have mopped up some B-grade asshole and want to wind down.(They don't go drinking after A-list villains make an appearance; the come down after those is usually too messy to do in public.)Despite that, they're not Clint's usual hang out. Supe bars are for folks with powers, really, and his aim is spectacularly good, but it's not actually outside the realm of human ability. Instead, he waffles between quiet, regular places and cop bars. The cops know he hasn't got a badge, of course, but they also know who he is, and they've got a way of letting him know that he's welcome, that they get that he's got some of the same issues.Clint almost heads to one of the regular places tonight, but he decides at the last second that after what happened with Jessica, there's a chance he might get to talking, and if that happens, he probably isn't going to be keen to layer on the bullshit. So he heads to one of his favorite cop bars instead.“Cop bar” is probably the wrong term, actually, 'cause there aren't many actual cops in this place. It's more of a mish mash of the Federal alphabet soup agencies. That's why it's Clint's favorite: Enough variation that he doesn't feel too much of an outsider, and almost no one in uniform. Clint might be on the side of the angels now, but too many blues in one place can still put him in the wrong mood.He gets a few glances when he steps inside. They all recognize him; this isn't a bunch of civilians, who might wonder if that's really Hawkeye. But because they're not civilians, they also just turn back to their drinks after they spot him. Clint goes to the bar and claims an empty stool. There's a woman to his left and a man to his right. The woman--brown hair, sweater, black pencil skirt--has her back to the bar and is nursing her drink, either waiting for someone or people watching. The man is wearing a black suit and has both elbows on the bar, but he's not hunched over, just relaxed.Clint orders a beer and thanks the bartender when it arrives. He's just raised it to his lips for a sip when the man speaks, though he doesn't turn from his study of the bottles lined up at the back of the bar. "Full disclosure," the guy says, "I work for SHIELD."Well, shit. Clint puts his beer down and turns to the guy. "You on the clock?"The guy turns to face Clint. He's got a calm sort of face and blue eyes. His hair is light brown, and thinning. He raises his glass, which has about half an inch of whiskey in the bottom. "Do I look like I'm on duty? I just didn't want to take the chance you'd find out, assume I was eyeballing you, and get pissed at me.""Alright, then," Clint says, but he doesn't relax. "Just so long as you stay off duty."The guy raises his eyebrows and takes a long, deliberate sip of his drink.Clint snorts a laugh and toasts the guy with his beer bottle before taking a pull from it. "Clint Barton," he offers.The guy actually sets down his drink to offer his hand. "Phil Coulson."Clint can't remember the last time someone offered him a regular hello handshake. He takes it. The guy's palm is warm and dry and textured with gun calluses. Not an analyst then. Clint hasn't judged anyone's grip in a long time, but he likes this one. When Clint releases his hand, Phil turns back to his drink without comment. Clint sits there and studies him for a moment, but he seems happy to enjoy his drink."Seriously? That's it?" Clint asks.Phil looks over at him without turning. "What?"Clint shrugs. "I guess I just figured a SHIELD agent would be more interested, even off the clock. Would have a few questions, a least."Phil's lips curl up at the corner. "SHIELD has its fingers in a lot more pies than those that pull in you high profile types. Granted, high profile type ops have a way of blowing up and consuming all our resources, but I generally work more on...developing situations. I'm intelligence gathering and evaluation--situation management rather than crisis command. My operations aren't going to be particularly impacted by who's gunning for you this week and whether or not your girlfriend dumped you."Clint can't help it; he winces."Ah," Phil says. He shifts on his seat. "I apologize, I wasn't actually aiming for that nerve."Clint waves off the apology. "Nah, it's okay, serves me right." Phil doesn't ask, but Clint can feel the curiosity radiating off him. "I cheated," Clint says, and takes a drink from his beer to stop any other words from coming out."Any particular reason why?" Phil's voice is mild, and Clint wonders if this is him getting the benefit of the doubt. Or maybe being an Avenger puts you automatically in the right, if you don't know who the other party is. But then, the gossip rags have made it pretty clear who Clint was seeing, so maybe not.Either way, there's really only one answer to that questio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
minor appearances by other Avengers
Crossover
616/MCU crossover
see notes for explanations

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

