Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Tower is filled with people for once, the common areas alive and bustling because it’s one of the rare days where everyone is home at the same time and relaxing.  They’re all enjoying the peace and quiet in their own ways, basking in the calm and warmth of the Tower and the family they’ve built within it.Clint’s eating cereal out of a glass while watching Toddlers in Tiaras, Natasha curled up peacefully beside him on the couch reading a book.  He can’t help but smile a little bit every once in a while because she’s utterly relaxed against his side.  He knows it’s because she can let her guard down where she is and she knows it.  They’re safe here in this Tower, with these people, with their new family.Thor’s sprawled out on the other couch, large headphones in place as he listens to music.  There are many differences between his home and this world but music is one difference that he deeply enjoys.  The minstrels of Asgard are far different from those of Midgard and here they sing of so many subjects.  It always helps to ease the ache for Asgard that lives in his breast, as does the company of his shield-brothers and sisters of course.Sam’s browsing new cameras on his tablet because he’s thinking about getting back into photography.  It’s something he hasn’t done since he lost Riley, because it had been Riley who’d gotten him into it in the first place.  He hadn’t had the heart to touch a camera after the day he lost him but he thinks it’s time now.  He thinks he’s ready, thinks that Riley would have wanted him to be ready.Bruce is sitting near one of the large windows, science journal in hand and a cup of steaming tea at his elbow.  He’s out of the lab for the day and he’s calm and relaxed and happy because Toni’s given him a place to be those things, a place to live without fear of the world or himself.She gave that to all of them really.  Had extended her hands in their directions for longer than most people would have ever dreamed of.It hadn’t been easy at first but eventually they'd all managed to come together.They'd taken Toni's hands, had taken what she'd offered and built a family as well as a team on the foundation she'd provided.And it’s been so goddamn good ever since.For all of them~~~A floor down Steve’s in the art studio Toni had built for him.It’s a wide open space with lots of natural light and it's been done in clean lines and warm hues.It’s beautiful and comfortable and his in a way he hadn’t been able to accept two years ago when Toni had first shown it to him.He still regrets the way he’d acted then, regrets the memory of watching the light slowly dim in her bright eyes at his lack of enthusiasm.  He’d thought ... well his thoughts hadn’t been nice, hadn’t been kind.  Hadn’t been worthy of a woman as classy and deeply kind as Toni could be.He’d been too hurt and too raw, too caught up in all he’d lost and blind to all he stood to gain, to accept her gift then, to accept her. He knows they’ve moved past that by now, knows they’ve built a family here with the others and moved beyond the anger and hurt of those first months.  He knows it because Toni smiles for him now.  She grins at him in that way she’d once only smiled for Rhodes or Ms. Potts and Hogan.  It’s an expression so bright and true, so beautiful, that he can barely breathe sometimes when he sees it.Steve loves her.He’s never told her, maybe never will.  But he knows it’s true.He’d never thought he’d love like this but he does, and the hurt of it is sweet and thick like honey on his tongue.Steve savors the flavor though, cherishes the ache of it even if he’s sure he’d ruined his chances with Toni all the way back in the beginning.It’s okay though.Loving someone isn’t always about being loved back after all.Real love doesn't demand love in return as its price.He’ll take the joy he finds in his life now, in Toni, and he’ll hold it close.  He’ll hoard the warmth her smile brings him close to his heart.  He’ll cherish the joy of her laughter, the shiver of lust he gets from seeing her messy and disheveled after a night in the workshop or sleep warm and tousled in the morning.  He'll bask in the spark of awe that seeing her dressed to the nines with a smirk on her crimson lips always brings to life inside of him.He'll keep a tight grip on that surge of need that always rocks him to his core every time he finds an excuse to touch her.He’ll savor those things and he’ll keep his love to himself just like he always has.He still likes to say it to himself sometimes though.  Likes to mouth the words to the dark of his bedroom, likes to hear them in the air and taste them in his mouth when he knows he’s alone and the others can’t hear or see him do it.Sometimes, when he can’t sleep, he’ll bury his face in his pillow, wrap a hand around his cock, and say it like a mantra.
I love you, Toni.
Saying it, acknowledging it, helps somehow.Besides Steve knows JARVIS will hold his secret as long as it doesn’t endanger 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Angst
Pining
Mutual Pining
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Female Tony Stark
Oblivious Tony
Possessive Behavior
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Team as Family
Deaf Clint Barton
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Dubious Science
Cliche Plot Point
Everything is Reed's Fault

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

