Chapter 1: Preparations
    


Summary:

Cain has a gift for Charles.



Notes:
This is sort of a GoT inspired A/O verse with powers, where Kurt has usurped Charles’ rightful place on the throne of Westchester. Really just an excuse to write EXTREMELY dirtybad porn, so if that’s not your thing, please exit out right now!




Chapter Text
“Your Highness.”A soft voice pulls him back from his musings; one of the attendants is calling to him, expression tight and worried, signaling that they’ve finished filling the giant marble bath. He gives her what he hopes is a reassuring if not-quite smile, and tries not to think too much on the significance of the coming day.That today is the day Charles will be ‘gifted’ to the Genoshans’ Chieftain – as mate or slave or broodmare, he doesn’t really know –He had not been privy to any of the treaty negotiations between Kurt and the Genoshans; only aware that he was being offered as the ultimate prize – along with half the treasury, and a yearly tribute – to ensure that the kingdom of Westchester did not fall to the might of the mutant horde. But for the safety of his people, and freedom from the Markos, Charles is prepared to do what he must, even if it means a life of servitude or worse, with savages who purportedly roam the land, sacking and pillaging as they go.Charles has just slipped off his outer robe when Cain barges into his chambers unannounced, sending the attendants scurrying to the side with a menacing scowl. His presence is a breach in protocol both as a royal and as an alpha, though few in the palace have the courage or the interest to stop him.After all, who would side with the rightful heir of Westchester, when someone else sits on the throne?“Cain,” he says evenly, ignoring the way his stepbrother’s eyes cling to the outline of Charles’ body under his sheer tunic. “To what do I owe the displeasure of your visit?”He stiffens when Cain steps in front of him, and clenches his fists when the man leans in, nose just shy of brushing his neck, right above his suppression collar. Every inch of him is screaming to fight, to get away from the brutish thug, to stop him as he inhales a greedy lungful of Charles’ scent with a grunt.“Father sent me to help you get ready,” Cain answers, leering at Charles with hateful smugness. “I’ve brought you a gift.”“I don’t want anything from you or Kurt,” he snaps, turning away, only for Cain to grab his wrist and hold him in place. “Let go of me.”Cain growls, but allows him to pull away, watching as Charles retreats to the other side of the marble bath. Instead, he turns to the address the attendants who are staring with wide, frightened eyes, and snarls, “Well? Get on with it! He has to be delivered to those heathens by sunset.”They scramble to obey, pouring scented oils into the steaming bath as Cain throws himself onto the sedan, setting a golden box next to him on the cushions. It’s obvious that Cain has no intention of giving Charles his much needed privacy, and so he allows the attendants to strip him of his tunic and his smalls, and does not flinch when he steps in, baring him to the scrutiny of his stepbrother’s wandering eyes.He sinks into the water, and lets the heat and the smell of jasmine and lavender seep into his muscles. It is not the first time that Cain has spied on Charles in the bath or in various states of undress; if not for Kurt’s expressed order, Cain would surely have mated him by now, willing or no. And certainly Kurt’s directive had little to do with protecting Charles or his dignity - no, his interest lay solely in preserving his worth as an untouched omega, to be bartered and sold to the highest bidder.The two attendants work thoroughly and efficiently, with one washing Charles’ hair as the other lathers soap onto his skin from head to toe. It would almost be relaxing, or enjoyable if not for Cain’s lustful gaze, so intent that it might as well have been his hands running all over Charles’ naked body. He closes his eyes and pretends he can’t smell Cain’s arousal from clear across the room; ignores the slow shiver that runs up his spine as the aphrodisiacs they served with his last meal start to take effect.They dry him off when he steps from the bath but do not cover him; instead, they shave what little hair Charles has on his body – his armpits, his legs, even his groin – until he is soft and smooth to the touch. The attendants then proceed to oil him from head to toe, slathering his skin with it in long, soothing strokes, until he stands glistening like a rippling pond in the sunlight.“Leave us,” Cain demands, getting up and off the sedan, waving impatiently as the betas almost trip over themselves to get out of the room as fast as they can. Charles refuses to flinch when the door locks behind them with a click, leaving him alone and completely at Cain’s mercy.He stands stock still as Cain circles him, taking him in, close enough that Charles can feel the alpha’s hot breath scorching his skin. It feels
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Cain Marko/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Azazel (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Ororo Munroe/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Forced Marriage
Age Difference
Anal Fingering
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Butt Plugs
Chastity Device
Gangbang
Oral Sex
Knotting
Public Sex
Extremely Dubious Consent
Aphrodisiacs
Loss of Virginity
Rimming
Exhibitionism
Cock Rings
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Cain Marko/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Azazel (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Ororo Munroe/Charles Xavier

