Chapter 1



Notes:
Have you ever read an Omegaverse story? Well, this isn't one, but it sure is close. No alphas or betas or omegas, at least not in name. This story is basically a re-write of The Avengers, a "what-if" scenario. Like, "What if Loki went into heat every few hundred years and what if that had happened right in the middle of the movie?" Sadly for Loki, he's an omega and everyone else is alphas or betas. Earth is completely unchanged (I don't like the necessary socio-biological changes to history that Omegaverse fics have to add for it to make sense), I've only messed with Jotunheim's culture, which we won't be seeing here.I would also like to clarify, because of my 'past sexual abuse' tag that seemed to confuse some people, this story does contain explicit rape, and several times.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The blast pushed Loki back onto the steps behind him, the kinetic force was strong, but his magic kept him intact - although it still hurt."Make a move, reindeer games," said a mechanized voice behind the red and gold flying armor, arms up, ready for another attack should Loki move.Ah, the Iron Man, Loki thought, amused. Barton had told him everything. He had nothing to fear from these so-called heroes. Even so, he didn't wish to be hit again, and anyway, all was going according to plan.So Loki raised both arms in surrender, still wary but certain the Hawk's words would prove true, that the heroes of SHIELD wouldn't harm him if he surrendered to their custody.
X - X
The two mortals spoke incessantly after they entered the flying vehicle, especially the man of iron. Loki had very little use for idle mortal conversation yet he listened, there was no such thing as useless information, not to say information couldn't be boring.The Iron Man especially - Tony Stark - was prone to inane prattle, and the captain often appeared as confused as Loki by some of the armored man's words.Although the god of mischief listened to the mortals, he was slowly becoming aware of a strange sensation growing in his chest; a warm kind of purring. He adjusted his weight on the seat and frowned. What could it be? Surely neither mortal has injured me terribly... He squirmed a little, trying to get a feel for whatever this odd feeling was, which was getting stronger by the minute."Hey, you okay?" asked the man out of time suddenly.Loki paid him no heed, still trying to figure out the sensation. He shook his head, annoyed that anything might possibly interfere with his plans. No... everything is going so well. What is this?!He suddenly felt a pain at the back of his head and his hand jerked up to cradle it. It wasn't his intention to show weakness, but the pain was so unexpected he couldn't help the involuntary motion.The blonde mortal neared. "Woah, what's wrong? You don't look so good.""He looks fine to me," said the Iron Man. A glance at him showed a strange smirk; an odd look in his eye.The captain, Steve Rogers, stood bent over slightly, worried expression on his face. "He's not fine, Stark. Hey," a fingertip on Loki's shoulder for a moment, then it was gone, "are you okay?"Loki furrowed his brow and stared at the floor as the pain in his head began to subside. He nodded absent-mindedly. Why would the mortal care?Unfortunately, the warm feeling in his chest, while slightly subdued, hadn't gone away completely. It hummed in his core, like a slow-burning fire that didn't seem likely to go out anytime soon.Rogers was still leaned over, close to him."Cap," said the other mortal, "why don't you step back?" Oddly, the comment sounded less like concern and more like warning. But a warning against who?A glance at the Iron Man showed him staring - almost glaring - at the captain."Stark?" asked Rogers. His voice was laced with concern, clearly he was just as confused by his comrade's behavior as Loki."I said," intoned Stark, walking closer, "step away from him." And now it was clear that the warning was for Rogers, against Stark himself.Loki's confusion grew; Rogers' clearly was, too."Tony-""Are you deaf? Because I really hate repeating myself. What? Frozen seawater still stuck in your ears?"Rogers scoffed, confusion mixed with indignity. "What's gotten into you, Stark?" Even so, the captain stepped away from Loki, apparently not wanting a confrontation with his fellow mortal.A female voice called from the front, "What's going on back there?""Nothing," answered Stark immediately, voice flat. The mortal then walked toward the god, eyes fixed on Rogers. "You just stay the hell away from him, captain.""What?" said Rogers in exasperation.When the Iron Man reached Loki, he knelt and finally broke his gaze on the other mortal. To the god he said: "Don't mind him, he's been frozen too long; brain damage or something, probably." The words sounded like a jest, but his tone didn't."He-" began Loki, baffled about both what was happening to him, and to the two mortals. "He di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
but not really
Omega Loki
Everyone else is an Alpha or a Beta
but again not really
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Poor Loki
Loki Whump
Violence
Pheromones
Angst
Past Sexual Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Thor
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
a What If for the movie
Rape

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

