Work Text:
He wakes up held in someone’s arms. No, he corrects himself.  Cradled. The arms aren’t holding him down, aren’t tight and hard. They are cradling him like he is precious, like he might shatter if dropped.The arms are warm and strong. He is safe here.He goes back to sleep. He wakes up with his face pressed against someone’s stomach. He takes a deep breath. Omega scent, round and soft. Familiar.“Hey, there,” a voice says. The voice is also soft.He feels very warm and heavy, but he lifts his head, blinks to clear his eyes. The omega is smiling down at him. He knows the omega. The omega--“You’ve slept for a while,” the omega says. “Breakfast came while you were out. You hungry?”He remembers. He is in a cell, he was captured, he was caught and drugged and chained. They put him in the cell, and then the omega put  himself in the cell, and something about that is wrong. The omega should not be in a cell. The omega is--“You shouldn’t be here,” he says, and the omega’s face goes blank and shocked, like he’s been sucker-punched. That is wrong, that is  very  wrong. The omega sits back and takes his warm safe arms away, and that is  awful.“Okay.” The omega’s voice rasps. He smells so, so sad. The omega tries to smile. “I’ll go if you want me to. I’d like to come back later, if that’s okay.”That is  not  okay, that is not what he  meant. The words aren’t lining up right. His body hurts, aching and stiff, and his head hurts, he can’t think, but he has to get this right. This is important.“No,” he says, and the omega’s face crumbles for a split second before it hardens into something bleak and exhausted. He is still saying it wrong, why won’t the words come out right?He grabs the omega’s arms when the omega tries to stand. He rolls them both onto the floor, his body covering the omega’s. He is very careful with the Arm. It can crush bone but he will not do that, he will not hurt the omega, he will  not. He puts his palms over the omega’s palms and presses their hands together flat against the floor on either side of the omega’s head. The omega is--“Steve,” he says, triumphant. The omega is Steve. He  knows  Steve. They made him forget and they told him Steve was dead and they  lied,  because Steve is  right here. “Captain Rogers,” the ceiling voice says, “do you require assistance?”“No, JARVIS, hang on,” Steve says. The horrible blank look is gone. Good. Steve is thinking now, Steve is smart, he’ll figure it out. He’ll help the words come out right. “Bucky, can you tell me what you need?” Bucky.  That’s him, he’s Bucky. He drops his head onto Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t leave.”Steve shouldn’t be a in a cell but Bucky is selfish, Bucky doesn’t want him to leave. He’s safer with Steve here. Why?  Bucky can’t remember, but he knows it’s true.“Okay, I won’t.” Steve’s body goes limp. His fingers slot between Bucky’s and curl around the backs of Bucky’s hands. “I won’t leave. Not unless you want me to.”“No,” Bucky says, stubborn about it.“Okay,” Steve says patiently. He rubs his chin against the side of Bucky’s head, a comforting nuzzle. “Not going anywhere.” Steve doesn’t leave. Even after Bucky eventually rolls off of him and goes to get the food trays by the door, Steve sits up but stays on the floor where Bucky left him.There are two trays, one for him and one for Steve. It’s good because it’s enough food for both of them, but it’s also wrong because the trays are for prisoners and Steve shouldn’t  be  here but if he leaves then he’ll be  gone  and Bucky will be  alone--“Easy, Bucky,” Steve says, and Bucky realizes he’s whining, a high thin sound that is making Steve’s forehead creases deeper. “What’s wrong?”“You shouldn’t be here,” Bucky says, miserable. He crawls into Steve’s lap and locks his arms around Steve’s middle before Steve can get any bright ideas about trying to leave again.Steve doesn’t get sad this time. He pets Bucky’s hair, and it feels  so good.“You think I shouldn’t be here,” Steve says, slow and calm, “but you don’t want me to go. Is that right?”“Yes.”“Why shouldn’t I be here?”“Not safe.”“What’s not safe?” Steve waits, but when Bucky doesn’t say anything, he adds, “You think I’m not safe here? Or you’re not safe with me here?”That question makes Bucky want to scoff. Bucky is safe wherever Steve is, because Steve--But that can’t be right. It is never safe in a cell. They can get at him anytime they want, when he’s in a cell, and he can’t even fight back or  shock  and  cold water  and  pain--“Bucky. Hey, Bucky, look at me.”Bucky is whining again. He makes himself stop. Steve is looking at him with big sad puppy eyes.“Let’s eat, okay? It’s hard to think on an empty stomach.”Bucky’s stomach rumbles agreement, but he doesn’t want to sit up. His right arm is wrapped around Steve’s back and his head is on Steve’s thigh. Something about the closeness, the smell of Steve and the feel of his bare hand stroking Bucky’s head, feels vital. He’s soaking up Steve like a plant drinks in sunlight.Steve hesitates
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Touch-Starved
Hand Feeding
Feral Bucky Barnes
Magical Healing Hugs
Huddling for Warmth but Emotionally
Bathing/Washing
Pillow & Blanket Forts
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

