Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Just so we're clear : this is not a sequel to Wrong End, but only to the second chapter of Wrong End. Which means Loki's collective rape in the first chapter never happened – it would only make the plot unnecessarily heavy. If you haven't read Wrong End, no problem, the prologue here sums it up. Basically, Clint and Loki were injected with a drug which forced them to have sex not to go insane; this fic is the aftermath of that little incident.	Also, Clint's going to have a very hard time coping with his submissive tendencies, so you might find some sub-phobia in this. I guess dub-con may (arguably) also happen at some point, but then again this is Clint and Loki engaging in a BDSM relationship, so I guess it won't surprise you.  	With nothing else left to say, I can only hope you'll enjoy this ! Please, do let me now, I'm the comment-starved type. ^^




Chapter Text
      “Clint” Steve barked on the coms, giving up on any ominous innuendos. “It's not just a strength-enhancing serum – it's sex pollen ! Loki will go into a frenzy and you're just – you're just human ! He'll kill you !”“Not if I take it too” Clint said calmly.
Everyone just stayed speechless for a second. 

 “Clint – ”

 “You think I'm having fun here ?” the archer spat.
 Clint rolled on his back, tangling up in the sheets. His head briskly jerked on the side, his fingers clenched ; but he did not wake up. “I'm not – we're not going to fuck. Not with you. No way in hell !”
He couldn't breathe, he was hot, too hot, as though his skin was catching fire.

 “Let's just – let's just get away from each other. Until it's over...”

But Loki grabbed his arm and licked a long stripe up his bicep – 
 Clint was covered in sweat ; his eyes were moving restlessly behind his eyelids. He was still moving with sudden, jerky movements. And he was still not waking up. 
“Let's make a deal” Loki whispered against his skin.

 “What – what deal ?”
 He choked in his sleep and arched in the bed, panting and radiating heat. 
“Let me fuck you – and I will show you first why they call me Silvertongue.”
 Clint clenched his jaw and let out an inarticulate whimper, trembling, his fingers instinctively slipping down his boxers – He wanted it, he wanted it, he needed to be filled, to be stretched, he missed it as though he would have missed a part of himself, and when Loki straddled him, when he pinned him down, he screamed for it, he begged for it, and it hurt and it burned but Loki forced him to take it and he came and he came and he came – – and he came before he could even touch himself, with a shameless, obscene groan, shaking uncontrollably in abandon.He rolled on his side, breathing with deep, heaving gasps. His orgasm had woken him up, but the powerful afterglow made it very difficult for him to come round. Pieces of his dream lingered in his mind on the way out, extreme close-ups of Loki's face, memory of the strong grip of his hands as he dragged him up in his lap. 
“You were good, Barton.”

He was wrung out, and Loki's voice as he praised him was clear and perfect like a sharp diamond. The god's hands manipulated him, controlled his every move as though he was just his puppet. Just his fuckdoll. There was a hand in his hair, petting him.

 His head dropped down in overt submission, and he stammered with heartfelt, desperate sincerity, “Thank you, sir.”
 Clint rolled on the side, still panting, his heart rapidly calming in his chest, his groin a hot, sticky mess. He grabbed his alarm clock and stared at the digital numbers for a long minute as the dream finished unraveling in his head. Then he closed his eyes and threw it to smash against the wall.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Submissive!Clint
Dominant!Loki
sub!clint
Dom!Loki
Dom/sub
Explicit Sexual Content
Porn With Plot
Smut
BDSM
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bondage
Whips
Gags
Blindfolds
Painplay
Hair Pulling
Slapping
Asphyxiation
Masturbation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Leashes
Begging
Cock Rings
Forced Orgasm
Humiliation
Subspace
BDSM - Freeform
Trying to escape the clichés here
Real-life BDSM is all about trust and respect
that shouldn't be an issue between those two
ha ha
Internalized Homophobia
Internalized BDSM-phobia
Denial
Aftermath of Fuck or Die
Self-Loathing
Trust Issues
trust issues everywhere
Angst
Truckloads of sex
Clint drops the F-bombs everywhere
but he's going through rough times okay
Coulson Lives
and he's awesome
Loki's motives are a mystery
Clint is too stubborn for his own good
also Sitwell is a prick

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

