Work Text:
Bucky Barnes is a mess.Correction: Bucky Barnes is a  hot mess.Not ‘hot’ in the sense that he’s blindingly attractive, but ‘hot’ in the sense that he is, quite possibly, the gayest man in New York.Okay, maybe not the gayest. He doesn’t wear rainbow tights and a feather boa wherever he goes. But he has a contact list with more numbers than he can put names to, he has a pair of sweats that say  BABYDOLL on them in big block letters over the ass that he wears to the gym, and he can bake like a fucking champion. If a man’s stomach is the road to his heart, then that road’s got a little side-street that’s a one-way ride to dick-town.Bucky Barnes is a phone-loving shameless millennial who looks up recipes and pretends he’s a culinary major on the weekends, who takes stupid photos of himself and sends them to half the people in his contact book, who gets a nice set of dick pics every Friday night.Out of all of his contacts, one of the few that actually has a name attached to the number is his roommate, Sam.Sam is long-suffering, but grounded. Sam complains about Bucky’s constant selfies, constant documentation of his failed baking attempts, and sporadic dick pics. (And on a few memorable occasions, he’d given some constructive criticism on those.)But Sam is Bucky’s saving grace. Sam is the reason Bucky hasn’t drunk himself into a ditch or ended up locked up in a serial killer’s basement yet. Sam is Bucky’s safety net, and he really, really doesn’t deserve this.“You don’t understand.”“I think I understand.”“No, you don’t.” Bucky sets his bottle down and points a finger at Sam. Sam doesn’t even look at him, just crosses his legs up on the footrest and keeps watching the game.“Buck-o,” he says, flipping the remote in his hand. “I understand completely. You just met Hot Guy of the week, and you’re trying to talk him up enough to convince me to give you the apartment for the night, For The Greater Good. Trust me. I understand.”“Saaaammm,” Bucky says.“No.” Sam flips the remote again. “You’ve defiled this place too many times.”“It’s not just that,” Bucky insists.“No?” Sam takes the bait this time, abandoning the game and looking over at Bucky.“I’m having a crisis,” Bucky moans.“A crisis,” Sam deadpans. Bucky nods, keeping his eyes as big and woeful as he can. “How can you possibly be having a crisis? You had your gay crisis, like, fifteen years ago.”“You weren’t there for my gay crisis, you don’t get to use that as a reference,” Bucky says, frowning. “And I’m not having another gay crisis.”“Are you having a middle-age crisis?” Sam asks, thoroughly amused. “Because twenty-nine’s a little early for that.”“Oh, shut up,” Bucky grumbles. “No. I’m having a crisis.”“I guess pretty much everything you do can be called a crisis,” Sam reasons. “All right, I’ll bite. What is it?”“So there’s this guy at my gym,” Bucky starts, and Sam lets out a low moan.“Come on, man,” he says, holding the remote out to the heavens.“What?” Bucky retorts. “This is a serious problem.”“Unless he’s a serial killer who is actively stalking you, you don’t have a problem,” Sam barks. “I don’t have time for your gay white-boy problems.”“But he’s  hot.” “So ask him out.”“I  can’t.” “It won’t kill you.”“I’m going to  die.” “Bucky-”“I’m going to asphyxiate, Sam. From the sheer dizzying height of my own homosexuality.”Sam sighs.“So talk to him,” he says, turning the volume down.“I can’t,” Bucky groans. He tugs at the bun tied at the base of his skull and his hair falls out onto his shoulders. “I can’t, Sam, I. He just.” He fluffs his hair up for a good few seconds and then stares straight at Sam, distraught. “I want him to bench press me.”“Okay, so it’s serious,” Sam interprets. “Got it. He ever talked to you?”Bucky sighs, sliding his jaw into his hands and looking vaguely up at the ceiling. “He said hi to me once.”“Ooh, romantic.” Sam raises an eyebrow.“You don’t understand,” Bucky says. “He  said hi.  Like he  meant it.” “Wow,” Sam says.“It was sincere!”“A sincere hi.” Sam gives a thoughtful nod. “Talk to him next time, idiot.”Bucky thinks. “Hi, Hot Steve,” he says. “I want you to bench press me.”“Maybe doesn’t start off so… bluntly,” Sam suggests.“Hi Steve,” Bucky says. “I want you to bench press me.”Sam rubs a hand over his face.“Into the ground,” Bucky says. “Repeatedly.”
 It’s been two weeks since Hot Steve showed up at Bucky’s gym. And god damn does he know how to show off.And he doesn’t even show off in that asshole way, with the unnecessary grunting and dropping weights onto the floor on purpose and  hey, isn’t that a little much for you? No, Hot Steve is fucking perfect in every way. He always takes the treadmill four spaces away from Bucky, not the one right next to him, not the one on the other side of the room. He always keeps to himself when he works out, never comments on anyone else’s performance, never hits on anyone. And now-“Your back is too far-forward when you squat.”Oh god. This asshole.What the fuck is his name. Bucky can’t reme
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Third Wheel Sam Wilson
Bossy Bottom Bucky Barnes
Virgin Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
First Time
Gym kink
is that a thing?
It's a thing now

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

