Work Text:
PROLOGUE
4 a.m.
Scott Summers woke and he was alone in the dark without Jean, and the grief was shard-sharp, a knife to the heart, and the children were silent, he couldn't hear them. He sat up, alone, in the bed and listened, heart hammering, aching for Jean and flinching from the silence that her breathing had once filled. Nothing smelled of her shampoo or her soap or her perfume; the sheets were stale, but she had laid on them once and if he gave them up, she was gone forever.She was gone forever whatever he did. Control was an illusion. It always had been, the thing he clung to like the cords of a broken parachute, had no safety to offer him. He could train every day and the children could still be taken while he slept. He could love Jean with every fiber of his being and all it meant was that she would die for him and he would be alone forever.He crept into the corridor and went from door to darkened door, pressing his ear to the paneling until he heard someone breathe, someone stir, someone offer an incoherent murmur from the depths of dreams. The world was less empty out here. It was warmed by the sighs of sleeping children. There were dropped socks on the carpet, and a toy car that Scott put on a hall table so no one would trip on it but whose gaily plastic red wheels cheered him all the same. He moved through the building, checked the entrances, and the alarms, and the secondary protocols, and everything was working; no one had got in. The children were safe.If the panic had ebbed, the grief was still gnawing at him; an aching emptiness that he carried with him everywhere. The last time he had been this lonely, he had not yet met a girl called Jean Grey. She had come into his life and the loneliness had stepped out, even though loneliness had been all he had known for years and years, until she came. It had been like living with an enemy who could never be vanquished, however hard one fought back, and then having an ally arrive, out of nowhere, unlooked for, miraculous, who slew the dragon for you with barely a flex of her fiery sword. No one was going to save him this time and, sorrow-sapped as he was, he hadn't the strength left to be his own hero. So, the loneliness was back again. It lay down with him at night, and got up with him in the morning, and followed him everywhere. He was so weary of his own wretched company. So sickened by all the dreary hours when he was alone with himself. Without the solace of the Danger Room, he thought he would go mad, but training helped, having to strategize helped. Pain helped. As he passed Logan's room, he stumbled with weariness, and felt a strange thread of longing – as if some hopeful tendril within himself that didn't know he was vanquished was still seeking warmth. He rested his head against the door panel just for a minute, and it was as if, beyond the empty silence of the corridor, there was a cluttered, chaotic warmth that smelled of beer and cigar smoke, that might yet welcome him in.He sighed and headed back for his room, startled when the door opened behind him and Logan said quietly, "Scott? Is something wrong?"It hurt inside when Logan called him 'Scott'. There was always an edge to the guy's voice then, like it mattered too much; like he knew how damaged Scott was and wished that he could help him. No one could help him. Scott looked over his shoulder. Logan was dressed like he was, in sweat pants and nothing else. His eyes were anxious. Scott said, "I thought I heard something – must have been dreaming. Everything's fine. I checked. Sorry I woke you."Logan said, "The kids…?"And there was the same catch in his voice that sounded in Scott's head when he thought about them being taken. "They're fine. They're asleep. Everyone's asleep.""Except you." Scott blinked and Logan was right in front of him, looking into his visor like he'd be able to see Scott's eyes if he just tried hard enough. Logan said, "You okay? You look beat."Scott knew he meant 'beat' as in 'tired', not 'beaten', 'defeated', 'utterly undone', but all applied equally well. He said, "I'm just not sleeping that well."Logan said, "It's hard to sleep alone when you're not used to it."His voice was too kind and Scott felt the tears come into his stupid red-flaring mutant eyes. Someone said brokenly, "It's so quiet without her…."Someone else said, "I know, Scott. I know."There may have been arms around him. There may have been a rough pressure across his back and a gentle stroking of fingers in his hair. He may have laid his head on Logan's massive shoulder, just for a moment, because he was too tired for it to matter, and, anyway, he was probably asleep and this all happening in someone else's head.Someone said, "You don't have to be alone…." Scott heard himself say, "I am alone. I've never been so alone. I can't breathe for how alone I am. There used to be her voice in my head and now there's just silence, that's all there is, forever. I used to ask her if the children were 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men)/Scott Summers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
First Time
Torture

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men)/Scott Summers

