Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Disclaimer: I own nothing!
Chapter 1
 His green eyes surveyed the packed platform carefully as he searched. After all these years, she was back. She was back and he wouldn’t lose her again, no matter what he had to do to ensure it. He’d lost her too many times already because of that damned curse. All he had to do was get her to remember and restore her powers to her. That should never sound too hard. And he always managed the first part. It was the second part that caused problems. Before he managed to do that, she was always snatched away from him again. Taken by death, only to be reborn. And he would have to search for her again. He was determined that this time would be different. This time he would succeed in getting Aina back. And he was determined that he wouldn’t lose her again. Not this time.
A smirk appeared on Loki’s lips when he saw her. Her long red hair fell past her shoulders in curls, and her green eyes shone as she talked to the mortals she was friends with in this life, greeting them happily. She wore the same robes that many of the platform’s occupants wore. She glanced round and he caught sight of a lightning shaped scar. As he wondered how she got it, Aina frowned, and her hand rose up and rubbed at the scar. One of her friends, a girl with brown curly hair, placed a hand on her arm, a concerned frown on her face. She asked a question, and Aina murmured a reply, shaking her head. Then, the group boarded the train, several of them casting their gazes around anxiously, as if expecting something to happen. He frowned. Something was wrong. She was in danger, he was sure of it. But why? He snarled slightly. Whoever it was that posed a threat to her was going to die before they could take her from him. And painfully too, depending on how badly they had hurt her so far. Making sure to remain invisible, Loki made his way across the platform and boarded the train. If he was going to get a chance at getting her to remember who she really was, then he’d have to get her on her own, and get her to trust him. And for that, he needed time. So, it seemed he would be heading to Hogwarts. And he’d be travelling with her. He had to ensure her safety, after all. 
 Aina Potter sighed in relief when the Hogwarts express began pulling out of the station. With all those people there, the chances that there were several Death Eaters in disguise waiting to attack had been great, but luckily, they had gotten off without a hitch.
She rubbed her scar again. It was throbbing painfully and the headache was slowly getting worse.
“Are you sure you can’t feel anything from him, Aina?” Hermione asked. “Your Occlumency is working?”
“For the most part. I think he’s prodding at my shields, and that’s what’s causing the headache. Well, I say prodding- it’s more like bashing with a bloody great hammer.” She pulled her feet up onto the seat and tucked them under her, thankful for the rings on her right ring finger. There were two family rings there- the Potter ring and the Black ring. On her seventeenth she had become Lady Potter-Black and the head of house rings offered her protection from minor jinxes, curses and hexes and shielded her mind with Occlumency. She sighed as she looked round at her friends. Hermione Granger was her best friend, Gryffindor’s resident bookworm and the one she always relied on for help when any sort of trouble came round. She was loyal and reliable and always did her best to keep Aina out of trouble and keep her spirits up, no matter what. They had been friends since first year when Aina had saved her from being clubbed to death by a fully grown mountain troll. They had been like sisters ever since.
Then there was Ron Weasley. He had been the first person to befriend her, on this very train. He had told her about the wizarding world so she didn’t look like a complete fool when they reached Hogwarts and had accompanied her and Hermione on all their adventures together. They were good friends, but there was a slight rift between them. He allowed his jealousy to get between them at times, and they hadn’t quite recovered from the times he’d jumped to conclusion and blamed her for things that weren’t her fault. But he still came round when he cooled off and was there when she and Hermione needed their friend.
Next was Neville Longbottom. He was quiet, but fiercely loyal. It had taken him a while, but he had a confidence in himself and was someone Aina would be glad to have fighting at her side- as he had the summer before last, in the Department of Mysteries. His real flare however lay in herbology. He and plants seemed to get on like a house on fire. If she hadn’t known the teacher, she would wonder at why Neville didn’t like potions, when Herbology and Potions were so closely linked. But, she did know the teacher, and if it hadn’t been for the fact that she actually liked the subject, she would have failed because of Snape.
Luna Lovegood was another of the com
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Female Harry
Rebirth
Old Soul

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

