Work Text:
  
29th of September 2016, 08:37PM
 
“Steve?”

Steve lifts his head from where he’d been going through a pile of old photographs, and looks at Bucky, and his heart stops for a second. Bucky’s fumbling with the drawstrings of his sweatpants nervously; his eyebrows are pinched together in worry, his eyes filled with unshed tears, and his mouth turned downward into a unhappy pout.

“Buck?” Steve croaks out.

“Can we...talk?”



 
14th of October 2016, 03:24PM
 
“How bad is it?”

Clint cringes. Instead of replying, he shoves his phone toward the general direction of the living room, where Steve is curled up on the couch, hugging a pillow, while 

We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together

 is blasting through his iPod dock. Repeatedly. 

Clint puts the phone back to his ear just in time to hear Natasha sigh, mumbling, “Bozhe moy,” 

(my God)

 under her breath.

“Before this it was 

Do I Wanna Know

 27 times in a row.”

Another sigh. “Hasn’t it been like two weeks by now?”

“Well there’s been ups and downs,” Clint says, making his way back to his bedroom so he can talk to her in peace. “He seems fine most of the time, hasn’t missed any important lectures or shifts at work. But then this morning he found a stuffed bear Bucky gave him last year and, uh, yeah…”

“How are things on Bucky’s end?”

“Not great. I spoke to Sam yesterday and he seems to be developing a slight phobia of being glared at to death,” Clint says, grinning when he hears Natasha snort a laugh at his joke. “But I guess it’s more of the same. And we have no idea what to do, Nat, you have to come back and fix things with your mumbo-jumbo-voodoo-magic.”

“What?” Natasha laughs again.

“I don’t know, just…you have a way of fixing things.”

“There’s no magic-fix for this sort of thing. Just be there for them, both of them. Things will get better before I even get back.”

Clint sighs. “You know I blame you for this a little bit.”

“What?! How is this my fault?” Natasha exclaims.

“You introduced them to each other!”

“That was 

three years ago

,” she argues. “And it’s definitely not my fault they’re acting like stubborn children and can’t just sit down and figure things out.”

Clint leans towards his closed bedroom door, then opens it and pokes his head out. He lets out a long-suffering sigh and says, “I think I gotta go, Nat. Now he’s switched to 

Bad Blood, 

I’m gonna go make sure he’s not throwing knives at the door again.”

“I thought that was Bucky’s thing?”

“Gotta go love ya bye!”

Clint hangs up the phone and throws it on his bed, then opens his door to step out and freezes in his spot, eyes growing wide as he comes across a very frowny Steve.

“Were you and Nat talking about me again?”

“W-what? No-”

Steve frowns even more, crossing his arms against his chest. He doesn’t say anything, just stands there with his jaw set and shoulders squared, all 200-something pounds of him, and Clint knows Steve’s a big softie on the inside but he can be pretty intimidating when he wants to.

Clint sighs, shoulders slumping in defeat. “We’re just 

worried 

about you.”

Steve rolls his eyes and turns on his heel, walking away, gritting out, “I’m 

fine

,” and Clint knows better than to follow him, and leaves him to whatever it is Steve decides to do to vent out his anger. 

It turns out to be homemade brownies, stress-baking at its finest. Clint mentally pats himself on the back for a decision well-made.



 
6th of November 2016, 06:38PM
 
Steve is fine. Regardless if everyone else seems to think otherwise and keeps asking him, 

‘Are you okay?’

 with that sad, pitiful look and a slight tilt of their heads, as if he’s a hurt stray puppy in need of a loving home.

Or, in Natasha’s case, staring him down with that calm, calculating expression, as if she’s assessing the situation. Steve stares back at her, straight in the eye, not backing down. 

Finally, Nat speaks up. “Clint says you tried to adopt a dog.”

“I did not.”

“You were googling dog names!” Clint exclaims, pointing an accusatory finger at him. 

Steve turns his head to glare at him, then looks back at Natasha. “Why did you marry this guy?”

“It seemed like a good idea at the time,” Natasha waves a hand dismissively.

“Hey!” 

She ignores Clint’s cry of protest. “Did you or did you not try to get a dog?”

“Oh my god, it was 

one

 time!” Steve throws his arms up. “I went to 

one

 pet shelter and I was 

mildly

 tempted to get a puppy, but if you look at a bunch of cute puppies and don’t want to adopt them you’re basically a psychopath. So would you please get off my back about it?”

In his defense, it was mostly because he missed hanging out with Mishka, Bucky’s 10-month-old nightmare of a dog, who chewed on his sneakers and woke him up by licking his face. But damn if Steve didn’t love that dog. A week ago, she’d spotted him in the park, when Steve was out for his run and she was on one of her walks. Mishka had come running towards him, quite literally dragging Bucky along by 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Angst
Break Up
Heartache
Breaking Up & Making Up
Road Trips
Sharing a Bed
Smut
Bottom Steve
power!bottom!steve
Honesty
Late Night Conversations
Getting Back Together
Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Background clint/nat - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

