Work Text:
“Okay, once more with feeling, because what the hell, I clearly have nothing going on. No. You do not need to speak to Captain America right now. Or in the next five minutes. Or five minutes ago, either. Capische?”“Mr. Stark, regardless of your opinions, time is of the essence. Minds are being decided as we speak! It’s extremely important that we get—”Tony clears his throat hard into his napkin. “You know, you’re right, time is of the essence. And as we speak, it is twelve-oh-nine in the afternoon. Lunchtime. Which, as you may notice—” He gestures to the spread of half-eaten tortas between him and Steve, carnitas spilling out of one, a gorgeous heap of grilled steak and onions barely contained in another, and pico de gallo and still-warm tortilla chips and everything they could carry from the salsa bar, and oh god, Tony’s hungry, and if Tony’s hungry, then Steve—“Excuse me, but the fate of our country is at stake. Food is a trivial concern next to the future of families everywhere.”“My god, you’re right, today California, tomorrow Alpha Centauri!” Tony crows, touching his fingers to his mouth. “Whatever shall we tell the Asgardians? Listen, he said no. Two weeks ago. And five days ago, and fifteen hours ago when you tried to spam his cellphone. Repetition ad nauseum does not a spokesperson blackmail.” He keeps his smile on the interlopers and their pamphlets, and wishes he hadn’t lobbied so strenuously for a patio seat. But the weather was just so nice, and Steve hadn’t had a day free for lunch in over a week, and Tony was going into withdrawal. He tries not to get this way when certain boundaries still exist, he’s told himself over and over, but. He had the honest-to-god shakes. And Steve...Well, the last time he glanced Steve’s way, Steve was getting that look he gets right before he charges headlong into a Skrull’s midsection. Literally, cranium to ribs, or whatever the Skrulls have protecting their guts. It works spectacularly on the surprise front, and also crushes internal organs, so.“Mr. Stark, what gives you any right to speak for Captain Rogers?” and Steve frowns, and that’s. That is just it. Tony sets his napkin down on the table with a bang that turns all the heads that weren’t already facing them. The waiter trying to maneuver his tray of drinks around the crowd of idiots stops dead and stares.“I give myself the right,” Tony snaps. Because, shit, Steve has spoken for himself. Again and again and again, and still they keep coming, like anyone ever wore Captain America down by sheer persistence. Tony hasn’t even done that, and he’s Tony Stark, and there are things he wants but cannot have, and he’s damn well okay with that because that’s the way things are. The fact that he wishes differently doesn’t change a fucking thing. It’s not like he cries and whines about it (at least, not in public). “I choose to stand in your way and speak for him, because I am his friend, and I sure as hell will not let you disrespect him like this.”“We don’t mean any disrespect towards Captain Rogers,” one of the women admonishes primly, like Tony is a five-year-old who desperately needs a dressing down. “He is the bastion of American sensibilities and a role model for millions. Why should he not want to stand up for what America truly stands for? Good solid God-fearing beliefs—”“His reasons for not representing your position are not your business.” Tony stands up from his chair, forcing the posse to back up a step. “His time is not yours, his personal life does not belong to you, and his good solid whatever beliefs are up to him and however he wants to use them. Or not. Excuse me?” He gestures to the waiter with the drinks. “There’s a massive tip in it for you if this food is packed up in less than a minute.”“We don’t expect you to understand our cause, Mr. Stark. It’s clear that you are very different from your compatriot here in terms of moral values, and we applaud Captain Rogers for making the effort to stand beside you in battle—”“Oh, you do, do you? That’s, you know what, that’s really big of you, thank you for your incomparable blessing—”“—regardless of your conflicting priorities. But we must all think of the bigger picture here. All we are asking is for him to step forward and put a face everyone knows to a belief everyone should hold close to their hearts.”“That’s it,” Steve says out of nowhere. It’s quiet, no louder than a murmur, and yet everyone looks his way. Tony turns, ready to pull him up and lead him out of there, doggie bags or not, but Steve’s already standing, placing his napkin neatly on the table and brushing his fingers off against each other. He takes a drink of his water, swirls it in his mouth and swallows, then comes around the table. He doesn’t look angry, which is weird, because Tony’s damned angry, and sad, and just, he hates this, he hates that they’re reduced to this during a simple lunch outing, two guys taking a well-deserved break. He raises his hands, ready to placate, bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Politics
Fandoms Against H8
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers Has a Big Boot
Political Campaigns
First Kiss
Pining
Lunch
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

