Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It takes a full week before Peter is able to go back to school. It’s the first day he spends at full coherency, but he still remembers enough of the last week for his embarrassment to last a lifetime. The stares the kids from school give him when he walks in are not helping at all.
He is thankful when he finally drops down on his chair. He is ready to bury himself in his studies, forget everything and never think of the whole escapade again.
“Ugh, gross,” comments Harry’s voice right behind him. “Please tell me, you showered this morning, Pete.”
He turns around to his best friend. “Of course I did. Thrice.”
Harry wrinkles his nose at him. “You still reek. How bad did your dad defile you? Oh god, please don’t answer that. Forget I even asked.” He looks ready to be sick.
Peter’s cheeks burn crimson. “Harry!” he whispers in mortification. He doesn’t want to think about all the sexy times with Tony. Of course, his dad helped him through his first heat, it had been the most terrible event of his life so far, but Peter is actually totally embarrassed for his actions. The sex had been great, awesome even, mind-blowing, but that feeling had only lasted until this morning when his sex crazed stupor had finally found an end.
To make matters worse, Gwen plops down next to him right that second. “Hey, Peter. How are you feeling? Got through your heat okay?”
“Splendid,” Harry answers before Peter gets the chance. Peter just wants to die right this second.
Gwen continues to look at Peter when she asks the next question. “So, I get that you and your dad really got it on?”
Peter splutters. “Wha-... Gwen, no! I mean… Yes. Yes, we did. Oh god, can we please stop talking about it? I just want to forget about it.”
“Sure you do,” Harry sneers. “That’s why you still reek of him which is absolutely disgusting by the way.”
“I already told you I scrubbed myself raw THRICE!”
At this it’s actually Gwen who blushes. “You did it a lot then?” She smiles at Harry. “I believe that makes me the winner of this bet, too.”
Harry sends a reproachful look Peter’s way. “This is what I get for having too much faith in you. You’re the worst kind of best friend, Parker.”
“What’s this about my dad and I and your bets anyway?” Peter asks. He vaguely remembers Harry saying something about that a week ago, but he remembers the feel of Tony’s cock entering him for the first time better. His ears begin to burn anew.
“Peter, do you really think neither of us has noticed the looks you give your dad?” Gwen asks honestly.
“Or the choking sexual tension between you two?” Harry adds.
“We were pretty sure it was going to happen sooner or later. It takes kind of getting used to the idea, I admit, but frankly, I just want you to be happy, Peter.”
Peter sends Gwen an embarrassed smile. “Thanks, Gwen. But that was just my heat making me do that crazy stuff! I’m not into my dad! And I can’t believe you’d actually think that!”
“Oh please,” Harry huffs. “You are so into him.”
“No, I’m not! Look, I know what happened is gross, and it won’t happen again. And now excuse me, there’s stuff to learn.” With that said, Peter turns around in his seat and doesn’t look at his friends again. His cheeks and ears are still blazing in shame, but they are not right. He loves his dad, of course he does, he’s the most awesome human being on the planet, he’s smart and good-looking, witty and full of snark and… Peter kind of lost his train of thought here. Anyway, the point remains that his dad is amazing and Peter is not in love with him. And he is dead set on proving that to his friends.
 
---
 
And it proves to be no challenge at all. At first it’s strange for Peter to look at Tony or be in the same room together but when his dad is his usual self around Peter after their ‘incident’, Peter starts to relax again in his presence. They work on their projects in Tony’s lab, side by side. And after some weeks in which none of them has mentioned Peter’s heat it has all gone back to normal.
 
---
 
But then Tony’s rut is due in three days. They have kept a calendar for that for years, so they can get everything sorted before Tony starts being an incoherent mess. This time, Peter smells the coming rut on him before the calendar actually reminds him of it. It starts with a subtle change. At first, Peter’s not even sure what that alluring smell is, but he feels himself drawn to his father even more so than usual. He begins to sidle closer to Tony than necessary, stares at him for prolonged time and his mind tries to show him things he can’t really put a finger on just yet.
The next day, he sees Tony bringing all kinds of stuff, water, nutritions and supplies into his room when he comes home from school. He realizes then what’s about to happen and feels embarrassed yet again that he didn’t understand the signs earlier. He promises himself to stop acting weird just because his dad’s rut is due. That shouldn’t affect him after all.
The last day before Tony’s rut goes by 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Knotting Dildos
Masturbation
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Wall Sex
Scenting
daddy!Tony
Son!Peter
Barebacking
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Peter Parker

