Chapter 1: Tiny Tony
    




Chapter Text
“Come on, Bruce! It’ll be fun! You and me together, showing up those know-it-alls over at SHIELD, kicking butt, taking names, it’ll be fun!” Tony says encouragingly, putting himself between Bruce and his computer screen.“I have to finish these calculations, Tony.” Bruce responds easily, sliding his chair to the side and looking around Tony. “Besides, integrating alien tech into new weaponry is way more your department than it is mine.”“So? You’re better than any of those hacks any day. And you know I don’t want anything to do with their research. Come with me, get angry, get me out of this!” Tony whines.“I’m not going to help you level another SHIELD facility just because you don’t want to deal with their scientists for a few hours. And if you really don’t want to help them, don’t go. I’ve seen you talk your way out of far more dangerous and unpleasant situations than this. You’ll be fine.” Bruce chuckles softly under his breath while he scribbles an idea down in a notebook on his desk.“How can you abandon me like this? Sending me alone into that den of wolves? You’re a traitor. I feel so betrayed right now.” Tony retorts without rancor, heading for the door.“Have fun, Tony.” Bruce waves as his friend leaves.***“No.” Steve says when Tony approaches him, his eyes never leaving the newspaper he’s reading.“I haven’t even asked you a question yet!” Tony counters, frustrated, sitting on the arm of the chair Steve’s sitting in.“You either want me to call Fury and tell him you can’t help them, or go with you and do the same.” Steve remarks, turning the page with a small smile at the pout on Tony’s face.Tony leans against Steve’s arm, pretending to read the paper over his shoulder. He’d really hoped the Captain would go with him so they could spend some time together, (which Tony is determined to think of as team bonding and not as him wanting to spend time with his crush, because that is so patently ridiculous it makes his head hurt. Just because his heart beats a little faster when he hears Steve’s voice in his ear during a mission, or his breath comes short when the Captain lays a hand on his shoulder to pull him from his work for dinner, doesn’t mean he likes the man.)“Not even if I say ‘please?’ Come on, Steve. They want me to help them make weapons!” He knows he sounds like a petulant child, but he really doesn’t want to go. At least not alone.“Imagine that,” smirks Steve, “They called in a weapons expert to help them make weapons.”“Smart ass.” Tony snaps, leaning in a little more, but not because he enjoys the warm solidness of Steve against him. “You don’t want me to help them anymore than I do.”Steve tries to repress the blush that is threatening to color his cheeks at Tony’s closeness. It feels nicer than he dares to admit, and he can’t afford to lose his cool.“No, I don’t. But I also know that by the time you actually get around to helping them, they’ll be so fed up with dealing with you, they’ll either scrap the whole project, or decide to figure it out on their own.”“So that’s your play!” Tony cries triumphantly, standing up to glare at Steve and missing the contact immediately. “I’m your sacrificial lamb to keep the SHIELD demons at bay for a few more months!”“Not exactly the metaphor I would use…” Steve chuckles, unperturbed by Tony’s glare.“You’re using me!” There is anger in Tony’s voice now, which startles him. Logically, it makes sense, and Tony knows it. But the fact that it’s Steve doing it… hurts more than he expected.Steve stands, just as surprised by the anger as Tony. He hadn’t meant to actually hurt the man, just keep SHIELD from trying to use alien technology to make more weapons. Which considering how that had worked out the last time… made a lot of sense. But seeing Tony’s reaction now… Steve feels awful for hurting his friend.“Tony, I’m not using you. I’m simply taking advantage of the fact that your… outgoing personality tends to rub a lot of people the wrong way.” Steve says, laying a calming hand on Tony’s arm.Tony rips his arm from Steve’s grasp, startling the Captain. His voice is nearly a whisper when he speaks.“And here I was thinking we were actually starting to be friends. I won’t make that mistake again.” Turning on his heel, Tony storms out of the mansion, leaving a very lost Captain standing confused in the middle of the living room.***Fury, by nature of his job, is use to explosions. They come with the territory when you’re the Director of SHIELD. He is not, however, use to having them randomly rock his hellicarrier and nearly knock it out of the sky.“Hill! What the hell was that?” he yells at his second-in-command when the ship finally stops shaking.“Unknown, Sir. But it looks like it came from the research sector,” Maria answers.“Of course it did,” Fury says to no one in particular, “I don’t know why I should be surprised. Stark’s on board. Something was bound to blow up sooner or later. Send a team down to make sure there’s no i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Fluff
Pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventual Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
bathtime
past emotional abuse
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Mutual Masturbation
Size Difference
Advice
Stony - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

