Work Text:
It starts with a kiss.  Sort of. Steve’s reviewing intel for the mission from his seat on the Quinjet and trying not to feel disappointed that he didn’t see Darcy before he left.  She always—well, for the last year anyway—gives him a hug and a kiss on the cheek before he leaves on a mission and wishes him luck.  It’s a simple gesture between friends, but he’s grown so used to it that it’s practically a ritual.  Coulson’s packed schedule meant she was tied up with work and couldn’t get away to see him off.  He completely understands.  Besides, it’s not that he needs that gesture from her; he just really likes it is all.  “What’s eatin’ you?” Bucky asks, kicking the toe of Steve’s boot and dropping down into the seat beside him.  “Nothin’,” he replies, looking up from his tablet and slanting him a questioning look.  “Why?”  Bucky gestures to the space between his eyebrows.  “You’ve got the line.  S’so tight you could probably snap a twig with it.” “Rogers is pouting because he didn’t get to see the work wife before we left,” Tony supplies and pops a handful of trail mix into mouth.  He smirks and holds out the bag.  “You guys want some?” “Fuck off, Stark,” Steve grouses and goes back to reading.  “See?” Tony sneers. “Go bug Banner,” Bucky suggests, waving him off.  Tony scoffs, “Rude,” before walking away.  Steve purposely ignores Bucky staring a hole into the side of his head and focuses on the job.  He’s not in the mood to hear Bucky razz him about Darcy for the thousandth time.  His phone chirps with a new text message, he reaches to pick it up, but Bucky beats him to it.  “Give it back, jerk,” Steve snaps and holds out his hand.  Bucky reads the display and a grin flashes across his face.  “You can breathe easier, punk.  It’s your work wife.”  He waves the phone back and forth in front of Steve’s face.  Steve rolls his eyes.  “Don’t start,” he warns and snatches the phone from Bucky’s grasp.  He taps his pass code on the screen and opens the text from Darcy.  There’s a close-up picture of her face, eyes closed, dark lashes dusting the tops of her cheekbones, bright red lips pursed in a kiss, and everything in the picture is cast in a soft, dreamy blur except for her lips.   Darcy:  Didn’t get a chance to give you this before you left.  Good luck, Commander!           Bucky snorts over his shoulder and stands.  “Nice picture.  Just friends, my ass, Rogers.” Steve feels the tension he’d been trying to ignore evaporate from his body and a smile tugs at his lips.  He looks at the picture for a long moment and types out his reply.   
Steve: 
Gorgeous, doll. Thanks.  Sorry I didn’t get to say goodbye.  Talk when I can.  

 
After pressing the send button, he settles back into the seat to rest up for the mission.  
  Darcy’s happily enjoying her extended lunch—courtesy of Coulson, thank you very much—in the shoe department of Barneys.  There’s no way in hell she can afford any of the shoes she’s trying on—not on her meager salary—but that doesn’t take away the fun of taking a few pairs for a spin.  She’s just slipped on a gorgeous pair of red peep-toe Louboutins and fastened the thin ankle strap when the text message alert chimes on her phone.  Darcy fishes it out of her purse and stands, turning to admire the bow on the back of the heels in the mirror.  Her mood brightens further seeing Steve’s name on the screen.   
Steve:  
Hi, Darce.  What’re you up to?

 
This is the first she’s heard from him in two days, and she’s glad to know he’s well enough to text and make small talk.  Coulson is tight-lipped on his best day and the only information he gave her was that all members of the team were alive.  Sitting back down on a plush round ottoman, she crosses her legs and, for one glorious moment, pretends that she’s got the cash to afford these beauties before she replies to his message.   
Darcy:  
Trying on shoes that cost more than my monthly rent.  How’re you?

 

Steve:  
Ok.  Tired.  Miami situation resolved quickly; now headed to Switzerland.

Steve:  
Shit.  Don’t tell Coulson I told you that.

 
Darcy laughs.  As if Coulson would ever get mad at Steve Rogers.  Please.  Not in ten zillion years.   
Darcy:  
Secret’s safe with me.

 
Steve:  Shoes huh?  Sounds…fun? :)    Darcy:  Just like a man.  It is fun, Steve Rogers & if I didn’t love Son of Coul so much, I’d steal his Cap trading cards & sell them to afford these shoes.      
Steve:  
Let me see ‘em, then.

 
A smile sneaks across her face and she asks the salesgirl to take a picture for her.  This way she’ll have a photo of her in the shoes, too.  Darcy angles her body and poses with one leg half stretched out, hands resting demurely on her knee and she looks over her shoulder at the camera with a coy smile playing on her lips.  “Thank you,” she says laughingly when the girl hands the phone back.  Looking down at the picture, she smirks at the pin-up style pose.  Her skirt rode up a bit too high, though, and the lace at the top of her thigh h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Best Friends
Flirting
Texting
Sexting
Sexual Tension
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

