Work Text:
Stephen had a headache; not one of those mild, slightly uncomfortable “Why did I forget to drink enough water?” headaches, but the “if setting my head on fire will stop the pain I would be sorely tempted to do it” kind of migraine.He did not need to wonder about the etiology; one day at the Avengers Tower could do that to you. The tension inside of the building was stifling. Even sacred places practically bursting with magic did not feel as overwhelming as the hostility and mistrust that floated through these halls like a wraith.Stephen Strange (Doctor if you please… He had spent several years in med school before slaving away as an intern and a resident before he finally acquired the position he had had before his accident. He had earned the title, not stolen it) was not a nice man, or a kind one. He was obsessive, had an enormous ego, and tended to be an asshole towards the few people that cared about him; but then… without being an obsessive egoistical megalomaniac you did not become the kind of surgeon he had been… At the level of complexity he had worked before the accident, even a shred of humility would have crippled him (no pun intended). Ironically, becoming a protector of this realm had not exactly helped his ego. Of course, he had discovered that there were things a lot bigger than he could have ever imagined, but he had also learned that – while there was the potential of failure – he could handle it; and he was pretty damn good at it, too. He knew the drill; it had been in the beginning of his career as a neurosurgeon when he accepted that there was still so much to learn but that he could reach levels others could not even fathom (what was the fun in learning something that you could not excel at?). So, yes, his ego was still intact, thank you very much.Therefore, putting him into a room with a bunch of superheroes may not have been Thor’s brightest idea, but then the Asgardian had an almost alarmingly good opinion about the human race in general. For a man so knowledgeable, kind and powerful, he was remarkably naïve (which probably had not helped matters with his naturally cynical and much more psychotic brother). Twenty minutes into his arrival at the Tower, the team surrounded by Steve Rogers looked ready to gut the wizard. Captain America himself commanded Hawkeye to remain calm, and when the Scarlet Witch’s hand glowed red, had sharply told her off (oh, Stephen would have loved to step in the ring with her; despite his flaws, Stephen knew you never stopped learning, which was a principle she could not seem to grasp), but the first Avenger’s general mistrust and distrust was obvious to everyone in the room.The Avengers were so utterly broken it felt like walking barefooted on shards of glass.After snarky comments had gone back and forth (and Tony Stark had excused himself a few minutes in, practically pulling Dr. Banner with him who had followed with little to no hesitation), Colonel Rhodes (trauma due to fall from extreme height; armor prevented death but the impact shattered L4 to S1 with severe laceration of the spinal cord, rehabilitation unlikely… Who is his surgeon? How the hell does he walk again without any sign of supernatural aid?) shut up everyone by saying sharply, “Out of everyone in this room, I have the right to kick all of your righteous asses, but would not be able to if not for Tony’s help because my spinal cord was ripped apart as a result of your unwillingness to comprise, Captain!” Oh, the man was shaking with anger (also, Stark? He was not a surgeon. What did he do?) “By the way, thank you for not bothering to ask how I was doing. I mean, you have time to send Tony a phone and the most bullshit non-apology letter I have ever read in my life, but not the balls to ask if I was recovering. I was an Avenger too, you assholes! But then, I digress, it happens. Here is what is going to happen: you will get your head out of your asses, stop blaming Tony for every bad decision you made and we will all work together nicely because if we don’t, this planet is screwed. You owe me that much.”He had left the room immediately afterwards but not without leaving what the press had named ‘The Real Avengers’, ‘The Rogue Avengers’, ‘terrorists’ and ‘Team Captain America’ silent and chastised. Steve Rogers had been marginally more polite with Stephen in the aftermath of the Air Force officer’s reprimand, but Stephen did not think too much about that. Here was the thing: Stephen knew that heroes were never what you painted them as. He should know, surgeons were something like heroes (with a God-complex), and they had been around long before the emergence of Captain America. He had been a surgeon, and he was well aware of his own vices (he had them listed both chronologically and by order of importance). So, he had not been surprised or disappointed by Steve Rogers’ general attitude of possessing the moral high-ground (even if he did not), or their allover pettiness. Thor (from wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst
With a potential friendship on the rise
Team Dynamics
Broken Team
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Stephen Strange Needs a Hug
Sorry It's Doctor Strange
Genius Tony Stark
Tony Stark actually gets a hug for once

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

