Chapter 1



Summary:

Steve helps Bucky change.





Chapter Text
Steve’s pulling Bucky’s jeans off of his ankles when he notices the pillow that Bucky’s pressed over his face.  What little Steve can see of Bucky’s neck is flushed, and Steve’s not sure if that’s from the accident, the hand job, or embarrassment.“Buck?” he asks softly.Bucky doesn’t move, but the plates of his arm draw in.  That only happens when he’s scared or upset, and Steve feels his own stomach drop.  Is Bucky just retreating back into the fearful shyness he’s been struggling with since he came home?  Or was he too afraid to safe word despite Steve telling him it was all right?“Bucky.”  Louder, this time, and Steve rests his hand on Bucky’s outer thigh before he can think better of it.  Bucky doesn’t flinch, but that doesn’t mean anything.  Flinching was probably beaten out of the Winter Soldier.  “What’s wrong?  Was it too much?”  Did I go too far? is the question repeating over and over in Steve’s head, louder every time, but the question stalls in his throat, jagged and burning.From the shifting of the pillow, Steve can tell Bucky’s shaking his head.“Then what’s wrong?”  His hand is still on Bucky’s leg, and Steve strokes it down his thigh, trying to soothe him.  “Bucky?  It’s okay to let me help, remember?”Bucky’s voice is low and muffled.  “I can clean myself up.  It’s okay.”“I’m sure you can,” Steve says cautiously.  “Like I’m also sure you can take the pillow off your face and talk to me about what’s wrong, right?”When he lowers the pillow, Bucky’s face is tinged pink.  He isn’t meeting Steve’s eyes.  “You’ve done so much already, Steve.  I’m fine from here.”“I want to help.”  Steve’s wanted it more than anything since he realized Bucky was still alive.  Now more than ever, watching Bucky subtly squirming on the bed, probably itching and definitely making himself miserable with whatever thoughts are brewing in his head.  “If you want to do it yourself, that’s okay.  But if you want me to help you, I will.  Because I love you and I want to show you that.  But only if it’s what you want.”Bucky turns his head, hiding his face against the mattress.  He still has the pillow in his hands, drawn right up to his chin, and his fingers clench around it.  “It’s not about what I want,” he says, barely above a whisper.  He’s biting his lip.Trying not to bite at his own mouth in worry, Steve sits down on the bed beside Bucky.  Bucky craves orders and structure—the closest he’s coming to thriving since he ran away from HYDRA was immediately after Steve agreed to tell him what to do—but looming over him can’t help him talk or feel safe.  How many times must his captors have done that before they hurt him?Steve settles his hand over Bucky’s, giving the metal what he hopes is a comforting squeeze.  "Okay, then. What's this about? Because I've told you I'll never think any less of you." 
A shrug.“Come on,” Steve says, stroking his thumb over the back of Bucky’s hand.  “Talk to me.  You can always talk to me.”A sigh.  Bucky’s free hand moves as if to brush his hair back, but he only succeeds in pulling more of it across his face.  He’s biting his lip still, and Steve has to resist the urge to kiss him to put an end to it.  “I can’t, Steve.”“Can’t what?”“I can’t be weak.  I—Since I got here all I've been is weak. I don't want - I don't know what I want.”Steve reaches out, smoothing the hair back from Bucky’s flushed face.  “You said you wanted me to tell you how to act.  And yesterday, you wanted me to take care of you, right?  You liked that today.  Has that changed?  Because I’m still happy to do it.”There’s a shift, almost a tremor through Bucky, one that seems to start at his hips.  His face darkens from pink to red as he moves, and Steve’s sure that means Bucky does like it, a lot.“I liked it.”  Bucky squeezes his eyes shut.  “I like it.  But that’s not...it’s not good enough.”“What do you mean?”  Instinct tells Steve to lie down beside Bucky, take him in his arms, the way Bucky used to do when Steve was small and sick.  But sometimes that had only made Steve feel all the more frail and useless, so he resists the urge.“I want you to take care of me.”  The words come out in another sigh.  “To—God, I want you to change me and everything, okay?  But I’m not helpless and you’ll get sick of me, and—and even if you don’t, somehow,  I don’t need this.  There are people who do, and I don’t, and it’s—it’s wrong for me to sit here and let you take care of me like it’s something I need and like I’m not awful and a monster and a freak and—”He’s moving again, unsteady, trying to sit up without wrenching his hand free of Steve’s.  His eyes are welling with tears and it takes all Steve has to stop at putting a hand on Bucky’s shoulder instead of hugging on tight and not letting go until the torrent of self-loathing stops.“Shh.  Shh. Bucky, breathe, okay?  You’re not a freak.”  Steve tries to sound firm.  He can’t let his voice crack no matter how much it hurts 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
No-Shame November
Diapers
Omorashi
Desperation
Wetting
Covert Pervert Steve Rogers
Shame
Embarrassment
Dom Steve Rogers
BDSM
Praise Kink
shameboners
Sub Bucky Barnes
Grinding
Blushing
Coming In Pants

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

