Chapter 1: First Time's The Charm
    


Notes:
UPDATE 7-1-14: This chapter has been rewritten from start to finish, but the basic events are still the same. It was just personal choice on wording, a few add-ons, and fixing a lot of grammatical/continuity/repetition errors. The word count of this chapter has jumped from 5,302 in the previous draft to 6,708 words in the current posted draft. Any other oopsies like changing tenses or missed punctuation/switched words, please let me know!




Chapter Text
Shit. Shit. Shit."J, give me the rundown." Tony glanced into the hall through the ajar door, but immediately sank back after seeing the approaching shadow."Unidentified intruder. Security cameras non-operational. Alarm disconnected. Internal and external sensors blocked. Power to suits lost. Connection to suits lost. All phone lines and means of communication have been blocked." JARVIS intoned to Tony's repressed groan. There was a short mechanical chirp from the AI, and JARVIS's voice held a concern that bordered on fear. "Sir, someone was very thorough in cutting you off. Without the means to protect yourself or call on others, the enemy's attempt to corner you has proved successful." A pause followed. "With even my redundancies deactivated, I have no other theory other than an inside job, sir.""Right." As quietly as possible, Tony pushed the door shut. His options weren't slim here, they were non-existent. No armor, no weapons, nothing on but the sweatpants he wore to bed, and nothing to fight with but whatever in the room he could throw. "How much time do I have?"
"Estimated time to your discovery is forty seconds."
Alright, scratch that, two options: beg for his life and hope that it would be spared or he could go out fighting. Hell, he was Tony Stark, he never begged. He would always go down swinging. Picking up a nearby chair, he shifted it in his hands a little to test the weight and heft of it to better accommodate his hold it in a way that he could smash it into bits over the bastard's back. If he died proving it, Tony was going to make sure people knew that you never crossed him and got away without a scratch. "Well then, Jarvis, it's been loads of fun. Don't hold dinner, okay, sweetie?"
"I'll keep the scotch though, shall I?"
Tony smirked. "Yeah, you do that."Taking a deep breath, he gripped the chair just as the doorknob started to rattle. It cracked open and an ever-widening sliver of light striped the floor to steadily creep towards him. Heart pounding, he raised his weapon. The chair fell from his hands in a loud clatter as he was jerked backwards against a hard chest. A pale hand closed over his mouth and muffled his yelp of shock to frenzied breathing through his nose. Tony barely registered familiar emerald eyes staring back to him and a slender finger signaling silence just as the room flickered and dissolved away around them.Tony stumbled away as soon as he could, pushing back from his captor with gasping breaths. The damage was done though; their surrounding scenery had changed for a lavish hotel suite complete with bar beyond the other man's back, a sizable couch and matching chairs behind Tony, and king-sized bed visible through a doorway some ten feet to Tony's left. All very lovely and all, but not where Tony wanted to be right now in a certain someone's company."What the hell are you doing?"Loki's smugness split into offense at the aggressive outburst, but it took less than three seconds before he reformulated himself into a guarded look of false calm. He was dressed in his usual green and black leather - no surprise there - but no set of shiny bits and vambraces this time. Even without the brass hardware, he still looked every bit a god. "It would appear I just saved your life." He said."Who said I wanted you to save me?" Loki took one step forward, eyes narrowing into a glare. "If my assistance is so unwelcome, then, by all means, don't let me hinder you."He waved one hand as if to shoo Tony, and in the blink of an eye, Tony was standing back in his own bedroom, face to face with his intruder. One that looked surprisingly... human. Not that he could really be sure from the head-to-toe black gear, but they were human in shape, height, and in weapon choice. Oh, shit, the weapon. Apparently, not having someone be where they were supposed to had confused the intruder at first, but Tony was there now and once again left helpless as the figure in black raised a handgun aimed for Tony's head."Back, back, here is bad!" He stumbled away, tripping on the chair behind his legs, and falling back gracelessly. His eyes squinted shut to brace for the impact and the shot, but the bullet never came and the floor felt way too cushy to be his carpet. Eyes open and he was back in the hotel suite again - a comfy chair supporting him, no assassins threatening him, no guns at all. Just Loki sitting at the bar across the room, calmly pouring vodka into an already started unholy cocktail over what looked s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Tony and Loki are man-whores for each other
Eventual dark!Tony
Switching
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Canon-Typical Violence
Dubious Morality
Lots of Sex
Porn With Plot
Marvel Cinematic Universe Phase Two Divergent
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Trust feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

