Work Text:
Jane fumbled with the ringing phone, turning it upside down first and jabbing at it confusedly before she finally swiped at the red call button.

"Mm?" she managed. Pulling the phone away from her ear she saw it was Darcy calling her at 2am. "Darcy?"

"Hey Janey, I am so sorry I'm calling, I know it's like super late, and you're probably sleeping, but I'm stuck at the police station and—"

"Police station?" Jane interrupted. She sounded more bewildered then worried, but her brain caught up quickly. "What happened? Are you okay?"

"I'm fine, fine. Just can't leave since apparently between 11pm and 6am the NYPD reverses back a century." Darcy continued to mutter darkly, but Jane wasn't awake enough to understand most of what she said.

"You need me to bail you out?"

"I wish it were that simple. No, I need an Alpha to pick me up since pepper spray and a Taser—yes, it's licensed," she clearly spat at someone in the police station, "—doesn't mean an Omega can be let out on the streets."

Jane could hear voices in the background and the sounds of arguing.

"I'm sorry Janey, but can Thor come pick me up? If I'm here any longer, I'll end up actually earning the night in a jail cell."

"He's not here. Back in Asgard for a council."

"Shit," Darcy cursed. Jane sat up, holding the phone to her ear. "Can you find someone? Anyone but Tony. Maybe Nat's awake? I think I have her number."

"I'll ask FRIDAY," Jane said instead. She didn't even have to form the question though before the AI answered.

"I will alert one of the Alphas who is awake. What precinct is Ms. Lewis currently held in?"

"What precinct is it?" Jane asked, interrupting whatever rant Darcy was involved in with a cop. Several irate Omegas were arguing in the background.

Darcy told her and finished with profuse thanks. Jane hung up a moment later and Darcy rolled her shoulders, shot a glare at the cop who was still trying to calm down the annoyed Omegas, and slumped into a plastic seat.

Her night had been going well until a little after midnight. She'd met up with a couple grad student friends at an Omega-friendly bar to catch up over a few drinks. She'd just been getting up to leave when a drunk, enraged Alpha stumbled into the bar with a gun and his best bank robber impression.

A dozen 911 calls, three bullets in the ceiling, and a lot of distressed Omegas later, including one very upset ex-girlfriend of the drunk Alpha, half of them were driven to the police station to take witness statements and make sure all the Omegas were calm enough to go home. This Darcy appreciated, but by 2am when she had finally given her statement, sworn up and down she wasn't going to breakdown on a street corner, she'd been barred from leaving.

"It's an old law, miss," the tired, baggy-eyed cop had told her and the other Omegas who were held behind the precinct's front desk like children in a playpen. "I don't like it either, but I can't let you go."

"Are you kidding? I'm a responsible adult and at this point I'm not even drunk! I can catch a cab and you'll never see me again. You can't hold someone against their will without due cause!" Darcy and the others had argued, wheedled, and cursed, but the night-shift officers were the green ones, and they didn't dare break a rule when their superiors could find out. They'd made all the sad and sympathetic noises, but none of them would let any of the Omegas go.

Grumbling along with the other Omegas who were increasingly irate and sober, she hunched down in her plastic chair and wrote up a blistering post on Facebook about what kind of garbage bin 1845 laws belonged in and waited for Natasha.

It was hard to doze off when the room was full of agitated Omegas, some still tipsy, others angry, and some concerned about finding an Alpha to take them home. Darcy got a headache and no rest for the next half hour until someone called her name. "Miss Darcy Lewis? Ms. Lewis, your Alpha is here for you."

"Finally," she mumbled, stretching as she stood up and walked to the gate. When she looked up at the crowd of officers around the front desk she saw the wrong Avenger standing there.

"Darcy, are you okay?" Steve asked, his stupidly perfect face crinkled into worry lines. Despite all the officers standing around gawking, Steve immediately moved to stand between her and them. "FRIDAY said you were at the police station. What happened?"

Darcy had to consciously not sway into him. She should have been more specific to Jane, otherwise why would the woman let FRIDAY send her crush to save her from the ignorant laws of the city like a mate would have? It was embarrassing enough that her dynamic resulted in being stuck at a police station at two in the morning, but then for Steve to swoop in to get her out… Her hindbrain was happily perking up with thoughts of Steve pulling a dominance display like heading to the jail cells and punching the lights out of the stupid Alpha who got her into this mess.

Shut up shut up shut up…

"Than
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Darcy Lewis
Protective Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis's Taser
Protective Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

