Chapter 1: The Trickster Cometh
    




Chapter Text
Thor had decided he wouldn’t like Loki before he even arrived.
And what he had expected when Loki arrived was an immense warrior to walk through the doors, gruff with leathery blue skin that cracked with scars and was embedded with odd green scales like Laufey. Instead, what walked through was a vain and pretentious seeming little thing, flicking long, black hair off a bare shoulder, head pointed so high he looked down at everyone. Green silk was swathed across his hips and gold chains and bright jewels were draped from his head to his blue toes that made him jingle as he walked. He was just barely as tall as Thor, his skin unmarred so the lines that ran over it were smooth as they looped around his body in intricate designs.
But, there was a shifty look on his face that made Thor go tense. He had never heard much about the youngest prince. Apparently, Laufey had kept him a well guarded secret which only served to make Thor that much more uncomfortable with this arrangement. All he could think was that he had been sent as some sort of spy, possibly to send back information to Laufey or to steal artifacts or even to poison himself or Odin. It was the only way that this made sense.
He had tried explaining this to his father many times during the months leading to Loki’s arrival, demanding to know how he could just let their enemy’s son into their home with open arms. And his father would always wave off his concerns and speak of treaties and restoring peace between the realms.
It did not make Thor any more comfortable with the situation.
Loki snorted when he set his eyes on Thor, as if he was the strange one who didn’t belong here. He wasn’t the one wearing a bejeweled skirt and enough gold to put the entire palace to shame.
He would’ve said just that to him, if his mother hadn’t caught his deep scowl and elbowed him in the ribs. Loki’s red eyes and condescending smirk lingered in Thor’s mind as he moved to introduce himself to Frigga and Odin, his smile and gratitude probably filled with phony sincerity. 
Loki said something about wanting to rest until dinner after the introductions were done and Thor had just barely resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Frigga smiled warmly at him, offering to guide him to his room and help him unpack. Loki offered her his arm, jingling out the room with his mother and laughing at something she said that Thor couldn’t hear.
“Slimy little-,” he began to mutter as soon as the doors shut.
His father turned and glared at him as soon as the words left his lips.
“Thor,” his voice was dark and filled with warning.
Thor shifted his weight uncomfortably from foot to foot, instantly regretting the slip of his tongue.
“Mind your temper. I’m trying to strengthen the relationship between our realms and I won’t have you messing it up.” He jabbed a finger in Thor’s face.
Thor did his best to keep his expression neutral, his fists clenching at his sides.
“I expect a better attitude from you at dinner tonight.” 
Thor nodded, grinding his teeth and quickly walked away. He ran to his rooms and dived into his bed, groaning loudly into his pillow. This was going to be a terrible summer.
-
He was sat next to Loki at dinner. He wasn’t practically dripping with gold anymore, apparently preferring to dine without a chain or four dipping into his food. When he looked over at his mother, annoyance clear on his face, she had simply smiled at him. He looked back to Loki, who was staring at him, looking amused. Thor shifted in his seat as Loki continued to stare, red eyes boring into Thor, the small smile on his face growing broader.
“Do I make you uncomfortable, Odinson?” Loki asked as he brought his goblet his lips.
“No,” Thor answered quickly.
Loki huffed into his cup and took a sip of wine. “Then I should work harder at doing that, then.”
Thor grumbled and narrowed his eyes at Loki. Loki just laughed at him.
Thor focused all his attention on the pile of food in front of him, picking at it and not giving absolutely any thought to Loki. He was jolted by cold touch on his thigh, his head snapping once more towards Loki and nearly growling at him, hands clenched into tight fists on the table.
“You are already testing my hospitality, Laufeyson,” he spat through gritted teeth. “Do not touch me again unless you wish to practice magic with one hand."
Loki huffed another laugh, seemingly unaffected by Thor’s ire, hand still a cold, heavy presence on his thigh. “How can I test your hospitality when you clearly have none?”
Thor glared at him, watching Loki eat and drink without a care until he heard a loud cough and looked over to his father, who looked angry at him.
Loki snickered into his cup, finally removing his hand from Thor’s leg.
-
Loki sighed, simultaneously closing the door and lighting the torches placed around the room with a flick of his wrist. He walked around the room again, running his hands over the furnishings and fine fabrics that decorated 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jötunn Loki
Alternate Universe
Intersex Loki
Convoluted Schemes
Smut
Fluff
Humor
Fuckbuddies
Secret Fuckbuddies
Denial of Feelings
Mpreg
Everything is Happy and Nothing Hurts AU

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

