Chapter 1: Well Met
    




Chapter Text
Loki hovered at the bar his lips quirked in an amused smile as he surveyed the inhabitants of the club. The atmosphere was undeniably bizarre. There was a lot of leather, with black as the general colour of choice - though splashes of brighter colours were dotted around the room. Most of the people in this room were milling around with their drinks as they would in any other bar – it was rather strange he thought, given his previous experiences of mortals and their decorum, to see a slightly overweight balding man wander up to the bar in a tight black corset and thong and order a pint. The normality of the actions of this man and everyone else in the room contrasting their clothes was one thing, but what more amused him was how the ‘normal bar’ atmosphere was further offset by the woman currently approaching the bar. She was a slender young woman with light brown hair and a large tattoo snaking across her back, naked aside from a pair of stockings with a garter belt and a tiny thong. She and had been circling the bar for some time with a tray of pegs held in her hands, offering this tray to patrons as she walked by and allowing them to place a peg anywhere on her body. Within a few minutes, she was standing before Loki with her tray nearly empty.
“Would you like to put a peg on me, Sir?” She asked lightly.
Loki took one of the pegs from the tray and considered the woman for a moment.
“Anywhere is fine Sir, provided it isn’t already covered.”
Most of the interesting places were already taken – the poor woman’s breasts looked like a pair of hedgehogs. An idea struck him and smirking, he lifted the peg and attached it to her nose.
“Thank you Sir,” she said with an amused smile, moving on to the next person along the bar.
Loki’s attention was now briefly caught by a pair stood against the wall of the bar. A man in a vest which appeared to be made of string had a curvaceous young woman trapped between him and the wall, his hands on either side of her shoulders and his legs spread wide. The woman’s dark hair was pulled back in a high braid to show the angles of her face, her eyes wide and expressive. As Loki watched, the man bent his head to whisper in her ear and the woman who had previously looked only slightly awkward was now clearly uncomfortable. She jerked her head away with a frown and muttered something back, trying to move away but finding herself still blocked in when the man refused to move. After a couple more of her unsuccessful attempts to escape Loki was considering intervening, but before he could move towards them she rolled her eyes and slid down the wall into a sitting position on the floor, crawling out between the man’s legs and darting away.
She made good her escape by disappearing into the crowd of the bar with the man turning round just in time to see her go. Loki chuckled to himself and returned to his people watching, this time interested by a pair of older men who had just entered the room, a collar and chain around one man’s neck, the other end held by his companion.
“’Scuse me, do you mind if I squeeze in here?” Came a voice from just behind him. It was the girl whose escape he had just observed. She was just as attractive closer up, he noticed.
“Of course not,” he replied with a pleasant smile. “I see you managed to escape your companion then?”
The girl blinked at him in surprise.
“Oh, yeah, you saw that, huh?” A soft American accent, similar to Jane’s painted her words so she stood out from the hubbub of voices around them.
Loki nodded. “I did. I was just debating whether to come to your rescue when you rather handily rescued yourself.”
“Yeah he was getting a bit creepy and wouldn’t let me out the normal way. Pretty sure he’s wandering through the other rooms looking for me now so I thought I’d double back through the bar.”
“An excellent plan.”
“Yeah I thought so! The other option was to kick him where it hurts but I thought that might get me into trouble.”
Loki chuckled, and was about to voice his agreement when the bartender arrived and she turned from him briefly with an apologetic grin to make her order.
“Would you allow me to purchase that for you? As congratulations for your nimble escape, and perhaps for restraining yourself from violence.” Loki offered, fingers already moving for his wallet.
“Oh no, thank you but that’s alright, I was going to get one for myself anyway… company to drink it with sounds nice though, I kinda lost my friends!”
“Of course,” Loki acquiesced, somewhat surprised by her refusal. “What happened to your friends?”
“Hold on.” The girl paid for her drink then turned back to him.
“Well, I’m actually third wheeling for the evening. My friend and her boyfriend came along with me for a ‘moral support’ type thing – though actually my friend is also pretty curious about, you know, all this – and trying to get her boyfriend interested too. They’re probably wandering round the other rooms having a look at what’s going on.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster & Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom/sub
Developing Relationship
porn with a little plot
Loki and Jane are buddies
Sass
loki is a little shit
pagan sex rituals
No not really Thor don't panic
Magic
Dom Loki
Disney
Mr 'spent a week watching porn'
BDSM origin stories
Not-great BDSM practice
But it's OK they're still learning
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Sex
Rough Sex
Dirty Talk
Kink Negotiation
Jealousy
BAMF Darcy Lewis
or at least she tries
kneel
Bondage
Blindfolds
Begging
Roleplay
Breathplay
Spanking
Not the kneeling thing AGAIN
TMI as a weapon
Mile High Club
Darcy can't keep her mouth shut
Love Bites
Loki Has Issues
Loki Needs a Hug
Steve is a decent human being
Consensual Non-Consent
Aftercare

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster & Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

