Work Text:

1. Unwanted
Steve is a good boy, but even he has limits. Both he and Bucky have had a bath this week. There is no need for another one. So they are both in a cupboard in the back of the orphanage, being very quiet indeed. They are both hoping that in the confusion of getting twenty small boys bathed, two boys will not be missed.They have not factored three things into their calculations. One, they will have to leave the cupboard at some point. Two, they have the filthiest knees in all Brooklyn, which makes it very obvious they have missed the bath. And three, that Sister Maria has twenty years’ experience in dealing with small boys who hate baths.So as soon as they sneak out of the cupboard, there is a hand on the collar of each of their shirts.“James Barnes, I expect this sort of thing from you, but Steven, I expected better from you. Cleanliness is next to godliness, boys.”They are frogmarched to the bathroom, made to strip and are dumped unceremoniously into a tepid bath.“Hot water is for boys who behave. Now wash.”(Sister Maria is not a cruel woman. Her standard punishment in these circumstances would be an icy cold bath, but she knows that Steve is too fragile for that.)Steve picks a washcloth up and starts to wash himself grumpily, but Bucky sits there, arms crossed in furious defiance.Sister Maria is used to defiant children, and uses her most commanding voice to say, “James Buchanan Barnes-”But Steve is already passing a washcloth to him and saying, “Bucky...”Bucky huffs but starts half-heartedly drawing the washcloth over himself.After a few minutes Sister Maria says, “And don’t forget behind the ears, boys.”Steve sees his opportunity and dives for Bucky’s ear with his washcloth. Bucky is in no mood to take this and launches himself at Steve, and the bathtub becomes a mass of flailing arms and legs. Sister Maria has to pull them apart by the hair, and Bucky’s reputation as a bad influence on Steve is cemented forever.
2. Sick
This is the first time since they moved out of the orphanage that Steve’s been really sick. A couple of their neighbors from down the hall have been looking in on Steve so Bucky can still get to work. The bills are going to come whatever shape Steve’s in, so Bucky has to try and concentrate and not screw up when all he’s thinking about is whether Steve will still be alive when he gets home.When he opens the door to their apartment, Mrs. Roper is sat by the bed. She smiles at him, and even better, Steve turns his head and smiles too.Mrs. Roper says, “Fever’s broken, m’dear. Now don’t you go letting him do anything strenuous too soon, will you?”She pats him on the arm as she walks out of the apartment. Bucky’s heart leaps, because Steve’s through the danger. But she’s right, he’ll get himself back in this situation by over-exerting himself if Bucky doesn’t stop him.“How are ya?”Steve makes a face. “Okay. Uh, I gotta-”Bucky passes over the jerry. Steve’s probably been holding it in all day, while it was his female neighbors looking after him. He waits till Steve’s done, then goes down the hall to empty it in the bathroom.When he comes back, Steve says, “You shouldn’t have to-”“You’d do the same for me.”“You’d never need it. Most you need from me is help unlacing your shoes when you’re drunk. Mrs. Roper said the Walsh boys were looking for someone extra to split the rent-”“Then who’d look after you?”Steve is defiant. “I’d manage.”“Sure you would.” As soon as he’s said it he wishes he hadn’t, but doesn’t know what to say to make it better, so he changes the subject. “You’re looking better than you did yesterday at least.”“Yeah. I should wash-”Steve starts to sit up, probably wanting to prove that he really could manage if he was on his own, but Bucky puts a hand on his shoulder and pushes him down. “There’s no way you’re well enough for a walk to the bathroom.” Bucky wrinkles his nose. “But you do need washing. Stay there.”“Oh no, Bucky, c’mon, you’re not going to wash me down like Sister Maria-”“Yeah, I am, ‘cause you try and walk down that corridor you’re gonna pass out. So either I wash you, or you stink up the apartment, and it’s too damn cold to go opening the windows.”They have a sink and a tiny stove in their apartment, and Bucky runs some warm water into a basin, brings it over to the bed. He’ll change the sheets once Steve is clean.He pulls back the sheets, reaches forward to undo the buttons on Steve’s pajama top, but Steve bats his hands away and undoes the buttons himself. He knows how much Steve hates feeling helpless, but Bucky can also see how weak Steve is right now. The only way he’d make it to the bathroom would be if Bucky carried him, which would mean showing his helplessness to the world, which Steve would hate even more.He starts with Steve’s face (ignoring Steve’s expression), then his hair, then works his way thoroughly down his torso. Steve’s lost weight through his fever, and he didn’t have any to spare to start with.He wants to kiss Steve’s col
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

