Work Text:
They weren’t doing great. 
For a bone-shivering moment when Amora had shown up accompanied by a twin flash of green fire, Steve had thought – even knowing where Loki was, he’d still thought it was going to be him. It wasn’t anyone he recognized, though – all that mattered was that he was some kind of technopath on top of the magic.
Apparently Amora hadn’t forgotten Tony’s little trick that had brought her crashing to earth last time. 
It was messing with their communicators too, and if Thor and Bruce were keeping Amora herself occupied that still left the small army of determined civilians quite sure that their sole desire was Amora’s will, which in this case meant attacking the rest of them.
Incapacitating someone without harming them in a serious or permanent way wasn’t all that difficult. Managing it when they were trying their damnedest to kill you got considerably harder. 
At the moment, Steve was fighting alone against a crowd of businessmen armed with makeshift weaponry. They might have been laughable if there was one, or even three, but with eight Steve was starting to have a hard time simultaneously fending off their attacks and trying not to hurt them.
He didn’t’ turn quite fast enough and felt something stab into the back of his knee. Steve yelled, loudly, as his leg tried to buckle, but then as one his businessmen blinked and dropped like stunned oxen. He whirled around. Had Tony got something working? – but Tony, it looked like, was still wrestling against whatever their newcomer was doing to his tech, so it couldn’t have been…
It took him a moment to catch it, and then another to realize what it was. Little flashes of green fire, here, there, ensorcelled civilians dropping in its wake. He stood up straighter, narrowing his eyes, trying to get a good look. He appeared right next to their technopath and paused just long enough for Steve to see for sure: standing tall, not even in battle armor. 
“Shit, is that,” he heard Tony say through their crackling, static-y comms, sounding not quite panicked, and for a moment Steve’s stomach dropped (no, Loki, no, don’t do it) and he froze. The technopath-cum-sorcerer turned in a flash, raising one glowing green hand, and Loki’s simply snapped out and grabbed his upraised wrist. 
The green went out like a snuffed candle flame. For a moment, Steve thought Loki was going to toss him off the building, but then he let go, and he crumpled without a sound. Or at least without an audible one. 
Then Loki vanished again. 
The sound of Tony’s suit hummed back to steadiness, flickering lights back to full brightness, and he leapt into the sky with an enthusiastic, “aw, yeah!” soaring over toward where booms of thunder and flashes of light signaled Amora and the others’ battle. 
“We’re back online,” Steve said, trying to keep a smile from spreading across his face. “Everybody sound off, what’s your…” He trailed off. Loki had appeared twenty feet away, down the street, his eyes fixed on Steve. He couldn’t quite make out his expression, but started running in his direction. “Loki!” Steve shouted, not sure what he meant to follow it with, but he was already gone. 
A moment later he heard a shriek and a dull boom, and then nothing. The last few civilians Amora had snared dropped like the others. 
Steve started jogging over in that direction, and wasn’t halfway there when the line crackled open. “We got Amora,” Tony said. “Or…somebody did.”
Steve sped up, and found all of the others – except for Bruce, who was splashing his face in a municipal water fountain and looking shaky as he always did after – gathered around a block of ice. “What’s,” he started to ask, and then said, “no.” 
“Yep.” Clint eyed the block like it might bite. “Thar she blows.”
Amora hadn’t even start to thaw by the time they’d bundled her into SHIELD custody to be taken to the Raft. “Is she alive?” Natasha had asked bluntly, her nose wrinkled. Thor, who’d been astonishingly quiet, nodded at once. 
“Most certainly,” he said easily. “She herself is not frozen; merely the air around her. L – it was explained to me how such things work, once.” 
Tony was the first to speak up after SHIELD had cleared out and it was just them and the wreckage of another fight. 
“So…that’s new, right?” he said. “I didn’t miss that on someone’s power list, did I? Cause I saw a thing, but I’m thinking maybe I was confused about the thing that I saw – hoping, actually-” 
“I don’t think you were,” Natasha said, a little dryly. “It’s not something on our roster. Someone else, though…”
“Maybe the X-Men decided to drop in,” Clint said, though he sounded gloomy enough that Steve could tell he didn’t believe it. 
“It was Loki,” Thor said, before Steve could. Slowly, a beaming grin spread across his features, so wide it stretched his face. “I have seen him do such a thing before, in battle. He came here and helped us.”
The little tentative bubble in Steve’s chest that had appeared the moment the new sorcerer – Techno-wizard, To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Porn
Porn with a little bit of Plot
First Time
Oral Sex
Kissing
Hand Jobs
Loki talks a lot
during sex
it's okay though Steve likes it
Voice Kink
(a little bit)
Surprise Kisses!Steve is a turn on
Steve might be in over his head
it's okay though he's enjoying himself
do you even know how long I've been waiting to write this
Explicit Sexual Content
probably other tags I am forgetting

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

