Work Text:

Bucky’s sitting on the floor in front of his TV, drinking coffee and absently eating softened leftover popcorn, when his phone rings. He’s watching the news, because apparently there’s a monster of the week wreaking havoc in Montauk, and the live camera’s zooming at Captain America running with-- is that a cell phone? Bucky squints at the TV as he answers without checking the number.

“Sam! Stop making cupcakes for the vets and get over here as soon as possible!” a voice yells in his ear, and he blinks, startled. There’s rushing, like a wind, and some muffled explosions accompanied by panicky seagull noises. On the TV screen, Captain America is definitely holding a phone to his ear.

“No Sam here, buddy,” Bucky says. “And in case you happen to be Captain America, take the next turn left; right’s a dead end.”

“What,” says Captain America, but steers left when the road splits.

“Wrong number,” Bucky replies and takes a sip of his coffee. “Next turn right, then two lefts and another right, and you can get behind that Pacific Rim monster.”

“I tried to call Sam,” Captain America says, bewildered. He’s sprinting like Usain Bolt and doesn’t sound even a little out of breath. Fucker. “Who’re you?”

“Someone who’s watching you live on TV,” Bucky tells him as the tiny patriotic figure on the screen takes the turns like he instructed. Bucky should probably be a lot more freaked out about this, but honestly? After a tour in the Middle East and six years as a nurse in New York, even this isn’t enough to ruffle him. One sees a lot of shit in the ER. “Also, you better hang up now, that thing is behind the next bend.”

“Uh, okay,” Captain America says. “Thanks?”

“Whatever,” Bucky says, disconnects the call and turns the TV off to get ready for his shift. 

**

Three weeks later, Bucky’s taking his coffee break outside, basking in a sunspot in the ambulance bay, when his phone rings. It’s an unknown number, but Bucky accepts the call anyway.

“Sam, thank god,” Captain America’s frazzled voice says, and Bucky sighs internally. “What was the procedure for fucked-up ankles?”

“Still not Sam,” Bucky replies, grimacing at the bitter coffee. “RICE.”

“What? Who’s this?”

Bucky rolls his eyes. “The same guy as the last time. Montauk, wrong number, route directions. You can call me Bucky. Rest, ice, compression, elevate.”

“Thanks,” Captain America says, sounding a little confused. “Wait, do I still have the wrong number in my phone?”

“Since I’m not Sam or his booty call, yeah,” Bucky snarks, and Captain America huffs a laugh. 

“Sorry about this,” he says and covers the mic briefly to say something to someone else. Probably the person with the fucked-up ankle. “Bucky, did you say?”

“Yeah,” Bucky replies, but then he hears a siren wailing in the next block, and gets up to go back to work. “I gotta go. Tell your buddy to take it easy with that ankle.”

“Nice talking to you!” Captain America chirps, before Bucky hangs up. What a weirdo.

**

Four days later, Bucky’s phone rings just when he’s gotten home, showered and collapsed on his couch in sweats. 12-hour shifts are brutal, it’s late, and Bucky groans when he checks the number. 

“Are you fucking kidding me?” he says as he accepts the call, but there’s no real heat in his voice. “Do you realize that it’s almost midnight in New York?”

“Hi not-Sam,” Captain America’s voice says, amused. What a little shit. “Did I wake you?”

“No,” Bucky says, drags his hand through his hair. “It’s alright. Did you need something?”

“Do you know any good pizza joints that deliver at this time?”

Bucky should probably change his Twitter description from ‘a little tall for a stormtrooper’ into ‘reluctantly charmed by a national icon’, because that’s what he is. Who the fuck calls wrong number on purpose to ask about pizza places? Has this guy never heard of Google?

“Butternut Squash Palace,” Bucky says. “Don’t ask about the name, I don’t fucking know either.”

Captain America laughs, deep and warm. Bucky feels it in his poor, tired toes.

“Alright,” Captain America says, smile in his voice. “Thanks for the tip.”

“That’s what he said,” Bucky yawns behind his hand. “No prob, Cap.”

Captain America snorts. “Call me Steve,” he says, sounding amused again. “And go the fuck to sleep.”

“Go throw yourself into a dumpster,” Bucky mumbles back, hits ‘end’ and falls asleep on his couch.

**

By the time his phone rings again, Bucky’s already saved Steve’s number in his phone under ‘Captain Cellphone’ and set his ringtone to 

America, Fuck Yeah!

.

“You know,” Bucky says as he picks up, “this feels a little like you’re more interested in talking to a random guy than your actual friend.”

“Pft,” Steve says. “The number I got wrong was for Sam’s work phone, so I can still text him stupid questions about modern technology to his personal phone, just to rile him up.”

“Have you already asked him what to do when you accidentally program a wrong number into your fancy phone and call it twice, thin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Smooth Steve Rogers
Wrong Number AU
Meet-Cute
Fluff and Humor
Sass
So much sass tbh
Shrunkyclunks
Nurse Bucky Barnes
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

