Chapter 1: Phase
    




Chapter Text
It doesn’t go bad right away.Hawkeye and the Hulk are waiting in the parking garage that Iron Man chases or maybe lures the giant killer robot into, how’s that for strategy--the Mark VII can turn on a dime, on a fucking dime, like momentum's not even a thing any more, and he laughs into the comm on the sheer exhilaration of it because he just played patty-cakes with this fucker all the way down 5th Ave with zero civilian casualties despite the bot's clear preference for soft targets--and then, because he's gracious like that, he lets the bot get one good smack in for verisimilitude. It sends him spinning into a nicely distant family sedan.The killerbot follows but hesitates on the downramp, cameras swiveling, so Tony peels himself out of glass and steel and fakes damage to the boot jets, trying to take off and flipping over instead. The bot flexes its crushers and gnashes its mandibles and comes for him in its terrifyingly fast sideways lope.He waits til it’s almost on him, fully committed to its next stride, and fires the boot jets to scoot between two of its legs, striking sparks like a comet run aground. There goes the paint job, and here comes the Hulk.The bot sprouts two arrows before a big green uppercut smashes it into the concrete ceiling, and a third one as it falls back down. The Hulk is relentless, smashing it again before it can find its balance, and Tony has a hard time keeping a clear line-of-sight long enough to get a target lock. When he releases them, though, the little missiles do exactly what they were made to do and pierce through the armor on the bot’s joints, then slag them cherry-red, fueling and extending their thermite reaction with the bot’s own alloy. The bot screams as two of its legs crumple and lashes out, catching Iron Man in the side and swatting him into the ground. Then Hawkeye completes his setup and all his arrows explode at once, blowing the bot’s chassis into two big pieces and a lot of smaller ones.The leg Tony is pinned under flexes, digging into the concrete, then locks dead. The power sources in the other pieces are going dark one by one, so Tony lays his head back down and just...enjoys having nothing to do for a minute.A shadow falls on him and Clint crouches down. “Hey,” Clint says, knocking on the helmet. “You awake in there? Need a hand?”“What?  No, I’m fine, it’s just...” Tony pops the faceplate and wishes, irritably, that he could run a hand through his hair. “This is what, number eight?” The serrations on the bot’s leg are streaked with dark red-brown, now smoking and charring, and yeah, he doesn’t want to be under here any more. He pulls out a laser to cut the weakened joint, which is still glowing hotter than anything outside of a foundry and only barely holding its shape. The leg itself isn’t glowing, but even so it’s too hot for anyone but Iron Man to touch.He flubs the first cut, arm unsteady, and lines up to try again. He can’t keep the cut straight, he’s just making a mess. Is the angle that bad? He turns off the laser and brings his hand up to his face to check the lens port for damage.The gauntlet whines, repulsor charging up. He feels his fingers holding down the studs inside. He jerks in reflex, angling the blast up over his head; Clint jumps back and the armor’s faceplate snaps down automatically, triggered by the near miss.Heart hammering, Tony grabs the bot’s leg and pushes. He wants out from under this thing right now. Both his hands spasm inside the gauntlets and the repulsors go to alternating fire, shifting him on pure recoil. Clint is yelling something into the comm and edging forward again when Tony slithers free and stands up shakily, taking one step, then another.Tony isn’t doing that. This isn’t a panic attack. Something is walking him.He takes a huge breath and it strangles in his throat, warning silenced. “Sir,” JARVIS says, “your readings--”His arm lifts, palm out, pointing at Clint. Oh god, not happening, not happening, not happening--he can’t hear anything but the charging whine--The world skips a second and he’s in a crack pattern several meters up the wall, head ringing from some enormous noise. “JARVIS, cut power,” he gasps. The Hulk is really not happy with him. He can’t see Clint anywhere.
“--backplate, cuirass linkages, left shoulder vernier--Sir, I strongly recommend--that command requires--”
The jetboots engage and both his arms raise. He fires on the Hulk. This is officially the worst day ever. The Hulk roars in shock and anger and bats him back into the wall.“Cutting all targeting and powered assist,” JARVIS says crisply. The armor falls like a rock.He impacts feet first but has no chance of staying there; the suit’s weight and momentum buckle his knees and send him crashing down, though its failsafe systems spread and absorb the force and protect his joints from taking too much torque in any direction. It still feels like being hit by the third car in thirty seconds. He lies there, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Action
Mind Control
Team Dynamics
Oh my god what's happened to Tony
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Restraints
Power Dynamics
Whump
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
PTSD
Boundaries
Consent Issues
Fun with verb tenses
Lesser of two evils
Sorry Not Sorry
It'll all be okay in the end
Although maybe not in this particular story
Choking
Arc Reactor
cardiac arrest - Freeform
Panic Attacks
Touch-Starved
AI Feels
Tech Feels
Disassociation
Trust Issues
Extreme trust falls

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

