Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
   

I'm not a native English speaker but luckily I have couple of amazing peeps that volunteered to edit my work so it will improve, I promise =)

Hope you'll all enjoy the roller-coaster ahead and don't forget to tell me what you think, peeps =)

 
Late Call for Bad Judgement
Chapter 1  It wasn't intentional. Honestly. Who would be crazy enough to come up with shit like that anyway? It was poor judgment, a wrong decision. Sleep deprivation was a terrible thing!Darcy Lewis enjoyed her sleep. It was important. She also hadn't been getting much of it since she started working for a certain astrophysicist."No, Jane, you can't have your phone back." Not letting the annoyance creep into her voice was vital. Jane Foster was many things, and most of them started with the word stubborn. "It's my phone!""I just said that." Darcy had indeed said that; she’d said it many times throughout this argument that her stubborn ass Boss-Lady had no chance of winning. " You still aren't getting it back. SI will be calling this phone in an attempt to bypass me to discuss with you the terms of the contract and the adjustments that we want, and so help me, Thor, you're not losing this phone under the mountain of papers after putting it on silent!" That hadn't been a fun search, and Darcy wasn't looking for a repeat. "It happened once."  There was a tiny bit of remorse in the astrophysicist's voice. Darcy had seen it all before and wasn't having any of that bullshit. "I nearly had a stroke. Is that what you want? For your smart, beautiful, funny P.A to just drop dead from stress?" Sorting out this contract was important. "Can I hire somebody else? The P.A in question thinks she’s funny-"Darcy tossed a pencil at her boss lady and, of course, missed by a mile."Lame, Darcy - Ouch!" The second one bounced off of Jane's head, and Darcy stuck her tongue out at her friend. "Keep talking, and I will let them have you."" Oh no! The big bad wolves from SI Legal Department… so scared. Please make sure the clause for non-distribution without permission being at their discretion is gone." The negotiation between themselves and SI was at a stalemate at the moment. The international corporation known for investing massively into innovation was attempting to save some money at Jane's expense.'Yeah, not on my watch they fucking won't.'  Aside from the obvious money issue, Doctor Jane Foster deserved to be respected, and Darcy Lewis was going to see to it. "Yeah, yeah. It's funny; how I'm the one busting my ass for it.""You were the one that brought it up." Jane gave her P.A a sidelong glance from the suitcase that she just closed. "I don't even have to sign it.""Ha ha, no. Thor-bro is there. The-" ‘And here we go again.’ This time Darcy rolled her eyes to the annoyance of her friend."He can just as well be here, Darcy. He can travel.""I am good with going. OK?""But if we hold out-""No, Jane, it's not like the first date with Thor where you hold out, before you put out, because you don't want to look easy. Stark Industries is the land of generous funding. Real funds can buy real equipment that you don't have to build yourself or get me to build it. I know we pretend that most of our stuff is held together by duct tape because it's unique, but we both know the answer is- we are broke." Darcy finally pocketed her boss's phone and put on a kettle. "And we will get paid." They were running low on tea again, and sugar… and dignity. "We have the grant money." Uhuh, that money should have been handed out with a little book titled ' Surviving on a Pittance, The Advanced Level."That wouldn't keep two hamsters alive if we didn't build a majority of the equipment our self. We live in your mum's flat, and she pays the bills. We are that broke. I know we play it cool when Thor-bro swings by between saving the world and sorting issues on other worlds. It's time to move on." "Stark can afford-""Stark got nothing to do with this. Until S.H.I.E.L.D loosens up the vise on the rights to publish your work, no one can touch it. Stark wants you there because he knows you are brilliant and that you are on the path to breaking physics. You got nominated for Nobel! I'm not saying we shouldn't get the most out of it. I'm just saying we shouldn't take the piss." Even with the excellent press, negotiating was tough. This argument has been ongoing since the SI NYC offer came through two months ago. They wanted Jane there, but they also wanted her on a leash, to parade her like a prized poodle. There was always a way to compromise, but the legal department's inflexibility was wearing them down.All the while, Thor lived in New York because the Avengers resided there, and not being able to travel the vast distance fast enough if there was an emergency, even with the help of Mjolnir, was taking a toll on his relationship with Jane. He was still gone off-world most of the time, so he was eager to have Jane move. If only to have peace of min
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
BAMF Darcy Lewis
The Author Regrets Nothing
Crack Treated Seriously
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Rare Pairings
Darcy Lewis's Taser
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Is Still Crack
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Slow Burn
IronTaser - Freeform

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

