Work Text:
"Have I told you how many ways I hate this idea?" Tony asked  nervously.Clint looked down over the edge of the boat, at all the fear-inducing fins  slicing through the water.  "Yeah,  but you can say it some more."  He  glanced at Phil.  "Seriously?"  There had to be, Jesus, like a hundred sharks  out there.  "We're gonna need a  bigger boat; I'm going to suggest a naval carrier.  They could totally capsize us if they wanted  to."  They were near the San Juan  Islands off the northern coast of Washington State.  Phil's eyes were on the water as well.   "I didn't think so many would come."Tony snorted.  "And they'll all  be fighting to get to me.  With their  teeth.  To bite me.  Have I mentioned how I hate this idea?"Phil sighed.  "Maybe this is a bad  idea.""It's totally a bad idea," Gibbs said, having just come up the  galley stairs to stand behind Tony, an arm around his waist as if to keep him  from jumping."Are they talking to you?" Phil asked."Yeah," Tony said unhappily.   "I mean as much as they can without biting me first.  I mostly just get a sense of it, something  along the lines of: 'come on in, the water's fine,' coupled with maniacal  laughter.""The only way you are going in that water is if we can get one shark  on its own," Gibbs said firmly."One of you feel like coming up here?" Tony asked, and then,  "Holy fuck!" as a huge great white shark, just like in the fucking  Jaws movie leaped out of the water to attempt a deck landing.  He didn't make it through the railing but the  whole side of the boat dipped under the water for a moment until the shark slid  off.  "Stop!  Jesus, just stop!"  Clint was paralyzed, hanging onto the railing so hard his hands were  cramping.  That shark had been two  fucking inches from his feet.  He could  have swallowed him whole.  He'd been in a  lot of danger for most of his life, but being eaten hadn't been on the list.Phil started working on his fingers, unclenching them.  "Tony, don't ask them to that  again.""Got it," Tony said.   "Yeah, I totally should have set some ground rules first."The shark leapt out of the water again but didn't land on any part of the  deck this time, just smacked the side of the boat with his body.  The entire boat shook.  "I think I'm having a freaking heart attack," Clint gasped.  "I really, really don't want to get  eaten by a shark."The shark brushed up against the boat, his black eyes staring up at  Tony.  Another shark attempted to get  near the boat and the larger shark snapped at him, actually getting a chunk of  him before the other shark managed to thrash away from its hold."This is about to turn into a bloodbath," Gibbs said grimly.  "That shark has made up its mind that  it's going to be the one to bite you."   He put both arms around Tony.   "Relax.  Your heart's  pounding so hard I can feel it in my chest.""Yeah, well, you're not the one that has to get into the water with  that thing."  He blew out a  breath.  "I hate Nick Fury.  Just thought I'd go on record and say  that.""He can't make you do this," Phil said.  "We can turn around and go back to  shore."Except Clint knew Tony wouldn't do that.   There weren't lives at stake, per se, but they needed to get to the  wreckage before Hydra did; there was too much dangerous equipment to have it  fall into the wrong hands.  He could  totally get why Tony's heart was pounding in his chest, though.  There was something viscerally frightening  just looking at the sharks cutting through the water, let alone the thought of  being in there.  "Yeah, I don't  think you should do it."  He understood  that Tony still might do it, but he wanted to go on record to say he fucking  disagreed in a big way.  "Thanks, Clint," Tony said sincerely, but then he moved closer to  the rail again, Gibbs still holding him tightly.That was when the shark leaped at the boat again, landing half on the deck  having smashed completely through the railing this time.  Clint fell on his ass, feet heading right for  the shark's open mouth.  The movie theme  track to Jaws was playing in 3D HD IMAX sensurround and Clint let out a  terrified yell, even as Phil, Gibbs, and Tony grabbed at him in three different  places to yank him out of reach."Get off!" Tony yelled at the shark.  "I'm not fucking kidding.  Get off this fucking boat right now!"The shark slid back into the water, although he was eyeing the boat with  what Clint thought of as a Macavity stink-eye, all 'I can totally sink  that'.  Clint's heart was beating so  erratically, it was like some injured flailing animal in his chest.  And even though he knew he'd be embarrassed  about it later, he was very glad Phil had shoved him behind him, protecting  Clint with his own body.Tony was furious.  Clint didn't think  he'd ever seen Tony barely more than annoyed because he was such an affable  guy, so the anger was something to watch.   Gibbs thought the same thing if his dilated pupils were anything to go  by.  Nice to know that the lizard b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Jethro Gibbs
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Pre-Avengers (2012)
SHIELD mostly at this point

fandom: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Jethro Gibbs
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

