Work Text:
Before Tony’s old enough to understand what the marks mean – before his mother has his Captain America pajamas changed out for plain grey, before he learns to make sandwiches for himself, before his first electrical burn – Howard ruffles his hair and tells him good man.  Good man – that’s the mark of empires. W There’s a logic to the symbols.  Everyone knows the basics – you get the date on the back of your right calf when you’re born, on the back of your left calf when you die.  You get an emblem over your heart, that will match some poor schmuck out there who’s meant to spend the rest of their life with you.  The underside of your left wrist is your destined trade, the right your best skill. It makes everything pretty easy, in the grand scheme of things.  You’ve got your life mapped out for you from the second you’re born, only – Tony has the alchemical symbol for creation on his right wrist, the Norse rune for war on his left.  From the second he was born he’s been a conquerer, destroyer, I am become death – 
 
There are some marks that aren’t so easy. Almost everyone has a few extra symbols littered across their body, down their spines or behind their ears or between their fingers or on the insides of their thighs.  Tony has six, and a messy scar from a third-degree burn. W He’s never really had a lot of hope – it was trained out of him at an early age. But right now, he’s hoping.  He’s sixteen and he’s pressed between the kitchen counter and his best friend, his hands sunk deep in the warm, comfy depths of Rhodey’s MIT sweatshirt, the muffled sounds of a party winding down outside the room, and he’s never felt so safe, open lips accepting short kisses, and he’s smiling, and he’s hoping.  It’s a small, painful spark in his chest, that this is something he could actually have, and then Rhodey reaches for the hem of his sweatshirt, gathers up his t-shirt with it, and it’s a kick-gut-lurch of anticipation, and – W “Throw it up on the big screen, Fry,” Tony says.  There’s a long beat of silence, so he prods, “Friday.” He thinks he must have accidentally programmed her with double JARVIS’ stubbornness.  A slip of the hand, or a few hundred drunken lines of code, or something.  “Are you sure, boss?” Friday asks.  “It’s kinda – “ “Play the video,” Tony orders.  He’s not in the tower in New York, or in the base in New Jersey.  He’s not in Malibu, either, or at the lodge in Denver.  No – he’s holed up in a bungalow on an island that no one knows he owns, that there’s no record of, the safest place in the world, because he’s a coward, and if there’s one thing he’s good at it’s hiding. A gentle breeze breathes in off the beach, carrying the sound of lapping waves.  Tony’s barefoot and bare-chested, marks bared to the world for the first time in ages, and he pulls his legs up to his chest, knees protesting quietly, to watch. Friday projects a double-size holo rendering the video in the air in front of him, just like he asked. Steve appears, almost real, frozen for a moment while the video buffers.  He’s sitting, in a clean black sweater, and behind him, a modern window looks out over wild expanses of jungle, roiling for as far as the eye can see.  CNN’s logo hovers in the lower corner, stays still even as Steve finishes loading and jolts into motion with a smile. “I guess I just wanted to tell the world what really happened,” he says.  Tony knows he’s talking to a reporter, the reporter T’Challa bussed halfway around the world blindfolded to interview the rogue legends he’s housing.  “I mean, why I did what I did.  Why I still think what I did was the right thing.” Tony’s already read the transcripts for this, but he’s not stupid enough to think seeing it won’t hurt more. W “I can’t, Tony,” Pepper says to him, after years.  He should get off the bed, shouldn’t he.  He should get off the bed, and wrap his arms around her, smooth out the worried lines in her forehead, tell her everything is going to be okay.  Tell her she can leave him, that it’s okay – or tell her to stay, beg her to stay, because his skin feels cold without her and his – His sweatpants are pulled down half over his hips, he’s still got one leg up like she’s leaning against it, his hair is mussed up and stuck in every direction, she’s just getting further away while she talks, in his shirt, eyes red, crying. “Pep,” he says, pathetically.  “Babe, come on – you always knew – “ “I can’t, Tony,” she says.  She looks down, and her expression goes solemn.  “I – I think I met him.  And I can’t keep doing this, trying to make this work with you, not when I know there’s a man out there who’s going to treat me like I deserve, who’s going to love me unconditionally, not when I know you can’t – “
 
W The double-headed eagle.  Empire, his father tells him, but he does some of his own research.  He finds No age shall destroy it, which makes no sense, and I shall hold myself erect and not blink, which does. W “I’m still getting used to all this instant m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
soul marks
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Podfic Available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

