Work Text:
"Dr. Ross?"Betty glanced up, pausing in the act of packing up her laptop.  Her hands were still shaking, a tiny bit, the reaction familiar and almost comforting.  She depended on this little bit of 'clean up' to clear her head, and pull herself together.  Most of the time, she managed to put out enough of a 'busy now' vibe that people left her alone in the wake of a talk or a lecture.The pretty young woman in front of her didn't look like she was put off by much.She smiled, her big eyes bright, her dark hair caught back in a tangle of a topknot.  There was a pencil sticking out of the swirl of hair, the pink of the eraser showing clear signs of teeth marks, and for some reason, Betty caught herself relaxing.  "Hello," she said, giving the woman a smile.Her slim shoulders relaxed, her mouth softening into an answering smile.  "Hello," she said.  "My name is Jane.  Dr. Jane Foster.  I really enjoyed your lecture, Dr. Ross.  I wondered-"  She reached up and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear.  "I wondered if I could talk to you for a minute?  Unless you have something planned?"Betty opened her mouth, about to politely decline, but something stopped her.  The pencil, maybe it was the pencil, or maybe it was the straightforward and sharp look in Jane Foster's eyes.  But she found herself stopping.  “I don't,” she said at last, each word careful.Jane shifted her weight, a battered leather satchel swinging against her hip.  Her suit was clean and well tailored, but that bag had seen fieldwork, and a lot of it.  “May I treat you to a cup of coffee?” she asked.Betty bought herself a few seconds, packing up the remainder of her lecture supplies.  “I think I'd like that,” she said, surprised to find she meant it.  “There's a Starbucks in the lobby.”“There's a small coffee shop just across the street,” Jane said.  “If you don't mind?  I prefer the local places.”“Of course.”  Betty picked up her case.  “How are you enjoying the conference?”“A lot, actually.”  Jane gave her a smile.  Her hand was clinging to her bag with a sort of death grip, but the tension didn't translate to her voice.  “All of the lectures and talks have been fascinating.”“What's your specialization?”“Astrophysics,” Jane said, and Betty blinked. “Astrophysics?” she asked, not able to hold back a small laugh.  “Whatever were you doing in my talk?  I could not be more Earth bound.”“The best thing about these sorts of events,” Jane said, leading the way across the conference center lobby.  Women were milling around in small groups and ones and twos, walking and standing and chatting, lugging bags and holding stacks of papers.  Jane and Betty strode through the crowds, and Betty glanced around, recognizing faces and voices and nodding to one or two colleagues.  “I like to attend everything I find interesting,” Jane continued.  “I don't get much of a chance to get outside of my comfort zone, so I look forward to this.”“That's a good way of thinking about it.”The coffee shop was quiet at this hour of the day, a dozen tables inside and a couple unoccupied outside.  Despite the traffic that was speeding past on the street, the sidewalk was quiet.  Betty paused, her hand resting delicately on the back of one of the metal chairs.  “Do you mind if we stay out here?” she asked.  “I feel like I never see the sun these days.”“You think you have it bad?” Jane asked, grinning.  “I work at night.”Laughing, Betty glanced at the door.  “Do you want something?  I'm going to-”“I lied.”She paused, her lips parting.  “Excuse me?”“I was looking for you, before your talk.  I'm sorry,” Jane said, sinking slowly into the other seat.  “I am.  I've done something unforgiveable.”Betty took a seat, curious now.  “Did you steal my experimental data, or my post doc assistant?” she asked, smiling just a bit.  “Because that's all that's coming to mind that would count as 'unforgiveable.'”Jane had her satchel open on her lap, and she drew a manila folder out.  Her head snapped around, her eyes sliding across the sidewalk at the few passer by, and then she reached out.  A car roared past, and her hand jerked.  The folder tumbled to the table, and its contents spilled out.  Betty recoiled, her whole body jerking backwards, the legs of her chair scraping against the concrete.  For an instant, everything was still, frozen.  Her hands were shaking badly as she picked up the photo.  The image trembled and wavered, and she realized her eyes were filled with tears.Bruce was sitting on a couch, his feet bare and his knees drawn up, his back against the arm of the couch.  His glasses were low on his nose, and he had an amused expression on his face.  One broad hand was gesturing to something outside the frame.  Betty stared down at him, one hand clapped over her mouth, her eyes stinging.  Behind him, a massive blonde man was swinging a video game controller, his arms half over his head, his face split with a massive grin.  The muscles in his arms bulged, and Betty was surpris
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Fluff
girl talk
coffee shop discussions
because someone needs to tell Betty what's happening in the Toasterverse

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

