Work Text:
Steve shifted impatiently from foot to foot, willing the quinjet to land already.  The bold, proud New York skyline on the horizon only added to his impatience, fueling his desire to be on the ground.  It had been a long two months away, and he was eager to be home.He was so intent on his thoughts and watching through the glass that he started when Tony joined him on the deck.  "Stand down, big guy, it's just me," Tony said, clapping him companionably on the shoulder.  He'd joined Steve on the last leg of his UNICEF outreach mission, meeting him in Vietnam, and continued with him through Laos and Cambodia.  Steve had been grateful for both the company and the doors that Tony had been able to open by virtue of his presence. "Yeah, just...ready to be home, I guess," Steve replied.  He loved his work with the Avengers, and the work he did with various charities across the globe, but things were different these days.These days, he had a reason to come back to New York.  He just hoped Bucky was in town himself.  It had been far too long since they'd been together, and while texting and video-chats were fine for certain things, Steve was tired of his own hands on his body.  He wanted – he needed – Bucky. His hands, his touch, the weight and feel of his dick sliding deep down Steve's throat, the taste of his come thick on Steve's tongue.  "There is something to be said for sleeping in one's own bed," Tony agreed, then gave him a sly look.  "Unless, of course, it's not your bed you're looking to sleep in tonight."Steve wasn't going to give Tony the satisfaction of blushing, even though he'd been thinking that very thing.  "Tony...""Hey, I'm just happy my generous donation worked out so well for you," Tony said, with another easy grin.  "It's good to see you happy.  Just make sure you let me give the first speech at the wedding.""It's not...we're not...serious like that," Steve protested, but it sounded feeble, even to his own ears.  Avengers Tower was coming into closer view – freedom was only minutes away.  "We just enjoy each other’s company, that's all.""Sure, keep telling yourself that."  Steve scowled, but Tony just shrugged. "Look, I'm not trying to stick my nose in –""Good –""But I've known Barnes since he was a kid, and I've never seen him take to anyone the way he has you.  You two've been pretty exclusive now for months, which, by the way, is a rare thing.  We're talking unicorn rare."  Then Tony gave him a friendly leer.  "Sure, you're way more vanilla than his usual type, but every man has to settle down sometime."Steve thought about the bruises Bucky left all over his body, marks he proudly wore, even though they faded far too quickly for his liking.  Thought about the long and myriad list of kinks Bucky'd been only too happy to indulge, the way Bucky could hold him down and make him beg with nothing more than a single word or touch – and had to fight back his body's natural reaction.  The sex between them had been amazing from the first night they'd met, and had only gotten better in all the time since.  Bucky was open to anything, to everything, knew how to push Steve to the very edge of his limits without going over them, knew exactly how to blur the line between pain and pleasure until they were one and the same.Meeting Bucky had, in a very real sense, saved him.  Before Bucky, no one had given a damn about his pleasure beyond the superficial, had seen him as anything other than a symbol or a notch on their bedpost.  But ever since their eyes met at the charity auction all those months ago, Steve had known, somewhere deep inside, that he'd found a kindred spirit.  That the aura of danger and recklessness Bucky radiated like a beacon was one that matched Steve's own.But he couldn't tell Tony any of that.  He and Bucky had an agreement – respectable and proper to the outside world, indulging each other only behind closed doors.  And maybe the lines had gotten a little blurred as of late, with Steve staying the night the last couple of times they'd gotten together, and the actual date they'd gone on, just the two of them, no cameras or press nearby to note the occasion.  But there was still a delicate balance to their dance, one Steve was loathe to disrupt.Although, maybe they should.  Bucky had been so generous, with both his time and his body, had given Steve so much of himself without any hint of needing reciprocation.  But Steve could see it sometimes in the way Bucky looked at him, could feel it in the way Bucky's touch seemed to linger more and more.  Maybe Bucky was just as wary of changing their arrangement as Steve, maybe he was just as afraid of taking that next step and what it would mean for them, how it would change things between them.But maybe that wouldn't be such a bad thing.  There was only one way to find out."Hey, can you do me a favor?" he asked, as the quinjet started its descent to the rooftop pad at the Tower."Sure.  Is it illegal?  Immoral?  Both?" Tony asked, with a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Steve is still Captain America
Modern Bucky Barnes
Praise Kink
Public Sex
Public Nudity
Public Blow Jobs
Dom/sub Undertones
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
all the porn
Charity Auctions
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

