Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Monday
  It came out of nowhere while Tony was rattling around the compound. A text. After almost three months of no contact whatsoever. 
Steve: Are you on any type of medication?

 
Tony: Why, what are you on?
 
Tony: Wanna trade?
 
Tony: Or do you plan on poisoning me and you're worried about contraindications?
 
Tony: Rogers, you sent this to me by mistake, didn't you?
 
Tony: How many people did you trade supersecret phones with?
 
Tony: To confirm this theory, just don't say anything.
 

Steve: No.

 
Tony: Verbose.
 
Tony: What did you want?
 

 Steve: An answer.

 
Tony: I walked right into this one, didn't I?
 

Steve: Please.

 
Tony: For the life of me, I don't know why I'm even talking to you, but fine. I'm taking Imitrex. Why?
 
Tony: Are you okay? What's going on?
 
Tony: No, scratch that. Pls forget I asked.
 
Tony: No, really, are you okay??
 

Steve: You're having migraines?

 

Steve: Sorry, I was googling Imitrex.

 
Tony: Baby, I live and breathe migraines.
 
Tony: Oh Christ. Forget I said that.
 
Tony: I'm not having a jokey convo with you.
 
Tony: What did you want and why are you asking?
 
Tony: Rogers?
 

Steve: But not anxiolytics?

 
Tony: No, not anxiolytics, no.
 

Steve: Why not?

 
Tony: Because I didn't like what they did to me. Happy now?
 
Tony: Why are you asking me all this?
 
Tony: ...
 
Tony: Okay, I'm turning the phone off now.
 

Steve: Wait!

 

Steve: Please.

 
Tony: It's 2 am.
 

Steve: 8 pm here

 
Tony: Fascinating. Tony: Time zones ftw.
 
Tony: Give me one good reason to continue talking to you.
 
Tony: Except for tracking you down and arresting you, which, fyi, I could have done already if I'd wanted to.
 

Steve: I know that.

 

Steve: Thank you, Tony.
 Tony: Screw you. Tony: You keep ignoring or deflecting my questions.
 
Tony: You do realize I do not particularly enjoy talking to you, don't you?
 

Steve: Not antidepressants either?

 
Tony: No. What are you doing there, compiling a medical file for me?
 
Tony: And where'd you get my diagnoses?
 
Tony: Like, all of them. Tony: It was Natasha, wasn't it. She's such an expert on mental health.
 

Steve: Have you tried them?

 
Tony: Is this your weird way of saying: Stark, you need to get help?
 
Tony: Because, frankly, it's rather insulting.
 

Steve: No.

 

Steve: Have you tried them?

 
Tony: Jesus Christ, Steve, you don't give up, do you?
 
Tony: No. Forget I asked. I didn't just ask you that.
 
Tony: Antideps make me fat.
 

Steve: What, really?

 
Tony: No, not really.
 
Tony: I don't like what medication does to me, at least the little I've tried. I know it does wonders for some people, but it just makes me sick and kinda addles me and fogs my mind. Also, my sexual drive goes to hell.
 
Tony: I'm so going to regret telling you these things tomorrow.
 
Tony: I honestly think I should go. This is not good. Tony: For anyone involved.
 

Steve: Please.

 

Steve: Please.

 
Tony: Okay. Tony: Jesus.
 
Tony: What's with you?
 
Tony: Steve? Are you still there?
 
Tony: What's going on?
 
Tony: Is everyone okay? You're asking me weird things.
 
Tony: I'm getting worried here.
 

Steve: I'm here.

 
Tony: Can you not do that again? 
Steve: Sorry.

 
Tony: Oh look, it can talk. Tony: Rogers, are you all right? Steve: How do you manage then?
 
Tony: Without the meds? 
Steve: Yeah.

 
Tony: Oh. Tony: Oh, Steve. Tony: You should tell me what's going on. 
Steve: I didn't mean to dump this on you.

 

Steve: Look, I know this isn't okay. To do this to you.

 

Steve: I know.
 Tony: It's fine. 
Steve: No.

 

Steve: I didn't mean to talk this much. I just thought

 
Tony: Yeah 
Steve: You could maybe give me some simple advice.

 

Steve: Pointers.

 
Tony: So I'm the least mentally stable person you know, so you're asking me? Tony: No, please forget I said that. 
Steve: I didn't know who else to ask. I'm so sorry.

 

Steve: I can't talk to anyone.

 

Steve: And I didn't think you'd make a very big deal out of it.

 

Steve: Actually, I didn't think you would even answer.
 Tony: So you thought you'd try, and when I didn't answer, you could say you tried and that'd be that. Right? 
Steve: And I thought maybe you wouldn't tell anyone.

 
Tony: I don't really have anyone to tell. 
Steve: I shouldn't have called you. I'm so sorry.

 
Tony: Screw that! Tony: I'm here. Tony: How serious is this? Tony: Steve? You need to talk to me now. 
Steve: Don't worry. 

 
Tony: That's not reassuring. Also, it isn't an answer. Tony: C'mon, buddy. Words. 
Steve: I just don't know what to do.

 
Tony: Meds may be a good option. Tony: They're really good for some people. Tony: A lot of people. Tony: My ways, they're not healthy. You probably don't want my advice on this type of shit, btw. 
Steve: They don't work, Tony.

 
Tony: Look, you don't know until you try. I never said they didn't work. I said I wasn't happy with the side effects. Tony: Me, as in personally. 
Steve: No.

 

Steve: They don't work. On me
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mental Health Issues
Anxiety
Depression
Nightmares
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Cell Phones
Flip Phone
Burner Phone - Freeform
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Texting
Dialogue-Only
Late-blooming Nascent Plot
Hurtling Towards A Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Getting Together
Some politics
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
occasional humor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

