Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Thor wasn’t sure what he expected when he returned to the barren world of the Dark Elves. He had convinced himself that there was nothing there to be found. Because, after all, his brother had faked his own death before. He had most likely done so again. His illusions were always convincing. His ashen color and the blood that had stained the dirt had most likely been further tricks. His brother was far too clever, far too furious, to allow himself to die for Thor. Truly, Loki must be laughing at him for buying it for even a moment. Thor would be angry about it later -after he found wherever his brother had run off to and given the Trickster a hug mighty enough to break ribs- the cad.As the mighty God of Thunder reached the top of the rise, Mjolnir slipped from his hand to impact heavily upon the cracked surface of the planet. A small noise, half-strangled and far from worthy of a God, escaped his throat without him even realizing it. It wasn’t... wasn’t possible. Loki had tricked him. He had. His brother hated him, he would never have done this in truth. Not for him. Suddenly, Thor felt a jolt through his knees, and he realized distantly that he was no longer standing. He put a hand to the ground to help brace himself as Thor stared at what he had convinced himself he would not see.Loki.His little brother.His skin had turned unmistakably sapphire and his eyes, fixed unblinkingly on the desolate sky, were clouded over but unsettlingly red. The illusion used to mask his true species was no longer needed. Thor felt as if he had been punched straight in the gut so hard his lungs would not expand properly. Thor reached out almost without realizing it. A dark stain was spread out beneath his brother where his blood had seeped into the ground and turned the dust into black mud. “Loki...”No. No, it could still be an illusion. Honestly, there were no lengths his brother would not go for his tricks. He could still be alive somewhere. It was possible... He would have to be nearby. But it could be... No. Not could be. He was. Loki was definitely alive. There was no other option.“Loki!” His voice echoed through the barren landscape and was answered only by the distant rumble of thunder. “Loki! Brother, this joke has gone much too far!”Fear started to clamber in his heart, as no answer came. Thor looked around for any sign of a hiding place. There were rocks nearby, jagged things that ripped through the ground at strange angles. There was no shimmer, however, to tell of his brother hiding there. “Loki!” Thor pretended to not notice the way his voice cracked like a shattered stone.There was nothing. No answer. Thor’s eyes scanned the wasteland around him again, searching for any sign of green shimmer. Any hint of magical concealment. Because there must be some. There just had to be. Another distant rumble of thunder echoed as Thor’s eyes disobediently shifted back to the form in front of him. It was an illusion. It had to be. Once he touched it... it would fade. Just like the other illusions. He was positive.He just had to touch Loki, and the body would disappear. Thor had absolute confidence in that. Why, then did his hand not want to obey? It was not so difficult a thing.After a long moment, Thor hesitantly touched his brother’s far too inanimate face with one hand. He was ice cold and stiff. Nothing at all like he should have been. Loki’s smile, ever irrepressible even with madness driving it, was entirely too absent. Tears that Thor had been sure wouldn’t come (his brother wasn’t really dead, after all) seeped from his eyes without his permission. Finally, his need for air overwhelmed the strange hole in his gut, and he was forced to drag in a ragged gasp. He moved closer, avoiding the dark stain now dried on the ground as best he could, to brush back the lanky strands of ink-black hair.He wasn’t sure how long he sat there trying to process something that he’d convinced himself had in no way happened. Lightning cracked nearby in the grimy clouds, but he barely noticed. Guilt clawed at him. This was all his fault. His brother, his baby brother, had saved him. Despite all the baggage between them, all the bitterness and ill will, Loki had saved him. And Fair Lady Jane. He’d had no reason to. None. And yet he had. And Thor had repaid such an act poorly. He’d repaid it not at all. Another bolt of lightning streaked from one cloud to another before splintering into a dozen white hot veins. He hated how his fingers trembled as they moved across his bother’s face to close his eyes. He should have done that before. His brother should not have been lying here so long left exposed to the elements. Thor could only be glad this world was so devoid of life for it spared his brother’s body the dishonor of being desecrated by wildlife. He hadn’t thought of that before and was ashamed.“I am sorry, Brother,” Thor rasped as he bent over Loki. “I should not have left you here. It was ill done of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & His Children
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki
Loki/Sigyn
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki & His Brothers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Loki Angst
Angst
Protective Thor
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Good Loki
Thor Is Not Stupid
not completely
Odin's Parenting
Awesome Frigga (Marvel)
Loki Feels
Thor Feels
Pre-Thor (2011)
Myth-Comic Mashup
Mythology References
Brotherly Love
Brother Feels
Picking and Chosing Canon
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Plot Takes It's Time
Mentions of Myth & Folklore
Myth from Other Places
More Plot Threads Than You Can Shake a Stick At
Research
All the research
Help! I'm Stuck in a Research Spiral
It Keeps Growing
Interspecies Relationship(s)
Developing Relationship
Realistic Relationship Arcs
Family Secrets
Family Dynamics
Family Fluff
Family Bonding
Family Feels
Its All About Loki
Loki-centric
Not A Villain Odin
No gender-neutral pronouns
Sexual Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
off screen though
Pregnant Loki (Marvel)
Underage Rape/Non-con
Discussion of Abortion
Childhood Trauma
Rape Aftermath
Rape Recovery
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con
Therapy
Gaslighting
Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Self-Esteem Issues
Not a quick fix
Bad Things Still Happen
Eventual Happy Ending
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Postpartum Depression
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & His Children
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki
Loki/Sigyn
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki & His Brothers

