Chapter 1: leaving
    




Chapter Text

“Tony.”“Tony…”“Tony!”The man woke with a start and looked blinked several times before an angry Pepper came into focus. She looked down at him where he lay on the floor, on top of what Tony assumed was a broken award of his father’s.God, he felt sore all over. What had even happened last night? His splitting headache wasn’t helping much either but all he could do was stare up at his girlfriend. She must have been trying to wake him for a long time by the irritated expression on her face.“I’m up, I’m up… what… what are we doing now?” he half-slurred, rubbing his head before rolling over on his hands and knees to help himself up.“I don’t know what you’re doing but I’m leaving, Tony. I can’t play this game anymore with you…”It took Tony several moments to take in what she was saying.“What game?”She ran a hand through her fiery hair before pursing her lips. “This game where you get angry at your friends and I try to help and then you and I start yelling at each other, and you pass out in a pile of… whatever. I’ve played this stupid game for too many months and I’m just… tired. I’m tired, Tony,” she replied in exasperation.It was now when Tony Stark realized that she had her large suitcase packed behind her. She really was leaving.“So when things start getting rough between us, you’re going to run off and abandon me, tail between your legs?” Tony asked shortly, finally standing up but swaying as the alcohol still fogged his body up with fatigue.“I’m not abandoning you… stop being so dramatic, Tony,” she sighed. “I just can’t do this! This isn’t even a relationship anymore! This is you having a problem that I can’t help you with, and… and I’m putting my whole life on the backburner while I’m watching you drown yourself in alcohol day in and day out! I love you and I’ll probably always love you but I just… can’t deal with this anymore.”He felt a hard punch to his stomach and he almost felt nauseous. He scoffed, and looked at her with dead eyes. “Me, you mean. You can’t deal… with me anymore.”She searched his face for a moment before finally nodding. “That’s right. I can’t deal with you anymore. It’s just too much.”Tony shook his head in disbelief. “So that’s it, then?”Pepper nodded and looked at him, pity in her eyes. “Yes, that’s it.” With that, she grabbed her suitcase and wheeled it out of Avengers Tower, formally Stark Tower, leaving Tony in a deafening silence.“DAMN IT! SHIT!” Tony suddenly yelled before he knocked off another of his father’s awards and shattered it on the floor in a million pieces.  He kicked one of the larger pieces away before he started towards his workshop on the bottom floor in the garage.If she wanted to leave, that was her business. He didn’t need her. He loved her but he didn’t need her, not when he had something better. Something that was always there for him, no matter what. Something that made him feel better, even if for several hours before he passed out.He staggered into his garage and made a beeline for where he kept his stash. He grabbed a bottle of scotch and took a long pull from the bottle, not bothering to pour it in a glass. He could feel his headache already starting to lighten with the first taste of it again.He brought it over to his work desk and almost fell into his chair and chuckled to himself. Jesus he was wreck.He had been like this since he kept back from the Civil War, everything he ever knew a lie that blew apart his world and sent shards of sharp pieces of glass into his heart and mind. He took another pull from the bottle and let the alcohol burn his throat as he remembered that exact moment and the blind rage he felt towards both Steve and Barnes. Then another pull made him remember that he was all alone now, having pushed everyone out of his life.Almost everyone.
“Sir, it appears you might be in emotional distress by your elevated heartrate. Would you like me to contact someone that might be able to assist you?”
“No, J… I don’t want anyone to assist me, except maybe if they’re going to help me drink this…”There was a pause from the AI before his metallic voice echoed in the room once again. “I do not believe it is an intelligent idea to be working while you are in your intoxicated condition, Mr. Stark…”Tony chuckled again. “Please, my father was Mr. Stark… you can just call me Tony…” he laughed drunkenly again.“Anthony…” a vaguely familiar voice suddenly chimed in.Tony might have jumped out of his skin if the alcohol hadn’t relaxed him so much and already clouded his mind. He raised his eyebrows before he also raised his mostly empty bottle to the other man that had appeared from literally another dimension.“Stevy! So glad you could drop in… would you like to share in a toast with me?”The doctor appeared to glide in before he walked over to Tony, grabbing a glass before sitting down across from the inventor. He grabbed the bottle from him and poured himself a very small amount before handing the bottle back to him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Stephen Strange Is Lonely
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Smoking
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Bucky Barnes Still Has His Metal Arm
Single Clint Barton
Clint Barton Also Lives In Bed-Stuy
With No Kids
Steve Rogers is an asshole
Physical Abuse
OOC Steve Rogers
Not Steve Friendly
PTSD
Dissociation
Deaf Clint Barton
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

