Work Text:
Natasha all but moved in to Coney Island Design and Construction during those first, traumatic days after the tradeoff, because Barnes was down and everyone else could go to hell as far as Rogers was concerned, which meant that nobody was thinking worth a damn and somebody in the building needed to be. That said, she understood Steve’s point of view: Barnes had collapsed pretty much the first moment he could, holding it together in the van for the drive to Brooklyn and managing to stay conscious even as Steve and Clint hauled him up the narrow flight of stairs to their apartment. But Barnes had only made it a couple of steps into the living room before his knees were buckling. “Dizzy,” Barnes managed, and then Steve muttered “Christ. I got you,” and carried Bucky the final few feet into the bedroom while Clint and Natasha stood there and looked at each other, helpless.That was when they first heard the vomiting; that was when the vomiting started, and the terrible groaning, and Steve’s constant, somewhat desperate whispers of reassurance.The good news, Natasha learned during that endless, terrible night, was that Barnes’s skull fracture was the best kind to have and would heal on its own in weeks or perhaps even days – but super serum or not, brain swelling was brain swelling, and it was now stimulating the lateral reticular formation of the medulla, the vomit trigger of the brain - or so Banner told her after Steve shoved his phone at her and went to hold Bucky while he threw up again. It was going to be okay, Banner said, a little uncertainly. The vomiting was to be expected: Barnes was lucid, his speech wasn’t slurred, and his pupils were normally sized. It was really almost certainly going to be okay.“Okay,” Natasha said; she’d seen miracles of super healing before. But she sent Clint home and curled up in the corner of the sofa with a blanket, unobtrusive but present, and ready to act if necessary. She had a view of the door and a gun.
She slept lightly, or perhaps she didn’t sleep at all, so she knew when Barnes finally settled into some kind of rest. She waited, warily, in the darkness, and after a while the door to the bedroom opened and a dark shape stumbled out and crossed to the bathroom. A white rectangle of light blazed: he hadn’t shut the door, he’d forgotten she was there, he—Natasha pushed the blanket aside and got up silently.He was shaking, she saw; actually quivering: his back tensed, his hands clenched. He was one step from punching his fist through the wall, on the verge of ripping the white pedestal sink out of the floor. He was going to do it. Natasha grabbed hold of his massive arm and said, with all the command she could muster, “Steve, don’t.”Steve turned to her, panting savagely, his face wrinkled into something ugly, teeth gritted like he wanted to bite. He yanked his arm out of her grip, stepped away, and then began stripping off his shirt, his undershirt, undoing his belt with rough jerks and tugging it out of the loops. She stepped back, reading his distress in his lack of decorum, in the defiant and hostile refusal to admit that she was even in the bathroom, and when he reached for his fly she went out into the dark living room and pressed her back against the wall outside the door. She heard a rustling and clink, and then the rattling of the metal rings of the shower curtain, and then the water began to hiss full force, loud enough to drown out everything, or nearly everything; nearly loud to drown out Steve's soft, hiccoughing sobs.
She woke up the next morning because her pocket was buzzing, the phone in her pocket, a surprising text from Tony Stark: IT’S ME COME DOWNSTAIRS. She scrubbed at her face and carded her fingers through her hair as she sat up. COMING, and then she went to the bedroom door and glanced in: asleep, both of them, with the curtains drawn, though Steve was dressed and lying on top of the blankets like—Christ, the dogs. Natasha slipped down the wooden steps and unbolted the door to the backyard. George and Gracie stuck their noses into the gap as soon as she pushed it open, leaping to paw at her happily and wag their tails. But she wasn’t Steve or Barnes, and so after sniffing and greeting her they went back to eating out of some kind of feeder-trough outside their doghouses, which was one less thing to worry about. She should have realized they would have rigged up something for the dogs.She went back inside and through the garage to the other door, the small person-sized door besides the massive metal rolling door that led onto the street. Tony Stark was standing outside, looking irritated; he was wearing sunglasses and a black wool coat with the collar turned up. He’d parked a black sports car lengthwise on the sidewalk in front of the garage, blocking the entire CIDC driveway.“You can’t park in here,” Natasha told him, and that was true; the garage was full between the white work van and the Studebaker. “There’s no room.”Tony pushed his su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Thanksgiving
Major Character Injury
Recovery
It's Not Paranoia If They're Really Out To Get You

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

