Work Text:
The problem is, Clint is a punkass kid.
He's sixteen and so full of shit it's a wonder he doesn't sneeze brown.  Barney left three years ago, but it's fine, everything's fine, because Clint is the star of the motherfucking show.  He has his own trailer now and even Trickshot's admitted he has nothing left to teach him.  Clint sells out tickets in every state.  His poster precedes the circus.

The Amazing Hawkeye!  Come and watch the youngest Master Marksman in the World as he shoots Flaming Arrows from the back of a Runaway Horse!

They'll stop in a town on a Thursday, have the tent up and shows running by the weekend, and pack up and be gone by Monday night.  Three nights on the road and do it all again, over and over, rinse and repeat.  It's a nomadic life, but it means Clint gets two nights free on the town – Thursday when they arrive and Sunday before they leave.  He's an expert at looking older than he is.  He always hits the bar, makes out with a few different people, and then finds someone to take him home.  He's gone before four the next morning and either on the road or performing by the afternoon.  
He is hot shit.  If he focuses hard enough on having fun, all the bad stuff goes away.  The nightmares, Barney, the secrets Trickshot is obviously keeping... if he can sleep with enough beautiful people, it means he'll be okay.
Clint has a rating system for every state.  He can't expect a ten in Iowa to be a ten in California, but the basic principle is the same.  Clint likes to find a seven or an eight to make out with for a bit and then he'll score a nine or ten to take him home.  It's a solid system and it gets him laid.  So when a homey kid who can't be older than twenty-one (Clint's fake ID for this state says twenty-two, and he's got swagger to pull it off.  As an added bonus, his costume includes a mask) introduces himself and offers to buy him a beer, Clint laughs in his face.
"Sorry, kid.  You're barely a five, maybe a six.  No, thank you."
The kid actually looks kind of hurt by that, but not angry or anything.  Clint tips his glass in his direction and walks away, and ends up making out with a tall, smoking hot black guy in the corner of the bar.  The guy is with someone who comes out of the bathroom spitting bullets, so Clint laughs and finds someone else to take him home.  He's out and on the road early the next morning, whistling under his breath.
He thinks about the kid every once in a while.  He'd been bold, if plain, and he didn't put up a fuss or anything when Clint turned him down.  He wonders sometimes if he should have said yes to the beer and made the kid's night.  He might have taken him to the bathroom and let him suck Clint's cock.  He's heard the ugly ones made the best cocksuckers.  Clint had gone down on the woman who took him home that night, but she hadn't reciprocated.  He bet the kid would've.
It wasn't like he worries over it often, though.  Just now and again, when he's out at a bar and the pickings are slim.  They'll be back at the little town same time next year – maybe he'll look for a familiar face.
Clint never makes it back.  He stumbles onto what Trickshot and the Swordsman are up to, confronts them about it like the idiot he's always been, and nearly gets himself killed.  He would have died in that alley had not a woman been walking her dog before sunrise and called 911.   
He's in the hospital for six weeks, and then another two when he has to fake symptoms because he has nowhere else to go.  When they finally wise up and called Social Services, Clint escapes, leaving behind his monumentous hospital bill and vanishing.
He has no clue how to survive, and lives on the streets for longer than he likes to admit.  It brings back memories of the time before the circus, when Barney had broken them out of foster care.  They'd huddled under bridges and stolen blankets from stores.  Clint remembers what Barney had taught him about pick-pocketing and he makes enough to survive.  The day he can afford a second-hand bow from a used hunting shop, he starts taking contracts for money.  When people laugh at his equipment, he let his work speak for him and never tells them he didn't know how to load a gun.  
Eventually, he makes a name for himself, even though he hates what he does and what he's become.  When a tall, black man in a long leather coat comes calling, Clint has to use every trick he knows not to burst into tears in the man's face.
He holds it together though the interview and takes the man's card, waiting until he's alone in his hotel room before he loses his composure and his cocky smile.  He takes a shower to clean his face and forces himself to wait the full twenty-four hours before calling the number on the card and accepting a position within S.H.I.E.L.D.
His first day on the job, Clint tells himself he's hot shit.  The mantle doesn't fit quite so well any more, but he knows he needed to act confident if he wants people to take him seriously.  He does
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Misunderstandings
Hate-to-love
16 year Clint Barton is a bad person - no really
insults related to appearance
minor fantasy of dub-con
Slow Build
pining!Clint

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

