Work Text:
"Not this again," Clint sighed, as Phil reached for the radio.They were in the ass-end of nowhere in the middle of the desert, on a long, mostly boring drive through harsh scrublands and sand wastes. Clint was told that some people thought it was entrancing, beautiful, but it just made him want moisturizer. Everybody he'd met who actually liked the desert was kind of strange; Phil was a prime and present example."Cecil's on," Phil said calmly."At some point, you're going to get tired of this joke," Clint said, as Phil turned the dial, once again putting it on a channel that sounded like nothing but dead air to Clint. He did this every night, whenever it was possible, had a radio in his office and at home just for that purpose. He'd sit there next to a radio playing nothing but light static and swear he was listening to someone named Cecil.Phil had long since stopped trying to convince him that Cecil was real. "Driver picks the music," Phil said instead. Whatever. If Phil wanted to play the Cecil game, he could do it to his heart's content. Clint wouldn't rise to it.Clint stared out the window as Phil listened intently to the silence. The sun was only just starting to think about setting, the sky coloring ever so slightly. At least the desert had nice, pretty sunsets."-just in-" a voice said from the radio, patchy through the static. "-new lights-" More static. "-mayor announced-" The voice grew stronger, cutting in and out until it finally came all the way through. "-to sports news, training has begun for Night Vale High School's Scorpions, led once again by quarterback Michael Sandero.""What the hell did you just do?" Clint asked, looking at the radio in disbelief."Hmm?" Phil said, sounding unconcerned."Disagreements in play style between Michael's two heads have caused some problems in practice, but hopefully Michael's older, less attractive head will see reason and allow his younger, more intelligent head to take the lead on the field.""How are you making it do that?" Clint asked again."I'm trying to listen to my show," Phil said disapprovingly. "You could at least let me hear it.""But I can hear it," Clint said.Phil frowned. "What mile marker are we-"Before he could finish his sentence, the car suddenly started shuddering, pulling back and forth wildly before Phil forced it to the shoulder, slamming on the brakes. The engine made a huge, clanking noise and promptly died."We're around 237," Clint answered."Get out of the car," Phil said, unbuckling his seatbelt. "Get the emergency water. Now."Clint did as he said, pulling out his gear as well. Phil was already standing well away from the slightly smoking vehicle, carrying another water tank and his bag. "Cell phones don't work here," Phil told him. "You have a sat phone in your pocket," Clint said. "There's nowhere it doesn't work." He considered this statement. "Except sometimes parking garages.""You heard what I said," Phil said. "I hope you enjoy long walks in the desert.""My very favorite," Clint said. "Do you know where we are?""If you're right, then the road to Desert Bluffs is about a mile and a half that way," he said, pointing, "and Route 800 is about six miles that way.""So we'll just walk towards Desert Bluffs, then," Clint said.If it was really possible for Phil's face to become more serious, it did. "We're not going to Desert Bluffs.""You'd rather walk six miles than one?" Clint said, incredulous. "What's so bad about Desert Bluffs?""Desert Bluffs is awful," he said, turning and starting to walk away. "There's a gas station at the Route 800 junction. We can get a ride into town from there.""Wait, wait, into town?" Clint said, following him. "I thought we were just going to call for a tow truck.""Don't expect to see the car again," Phil said, and Clint thought he sounded strangely amused."Why?" Clint asked."Welcome to Night Vale."--It wasn't hard at all to hitch a ride into the little town of Night Vale. Clint only knew of the place by reputation, but boy, did he know it. It seemed more than a little coincidental that they'd broken down just outside Phil's hometown, a place he'd heard more ridiculous stories about over the years than he thought there were to tell. Some of them were the standard desert fare- weird lights in the sky, noisy sunsets- but some of them were a completely new brand of lunacy. A town run by hooded figures and some strange government of screaming elders- Clint had assumed the stories were all a bunch of bullshit, an outcropping of Phil's off-beat sense of humor. Clint wasn't convinced that all this- the breakdown, all of it- wasn't some well-orchestrated prank that Phil was pulling.Despite passing a city hall with a stone monolith and what looked like a pair of frozen Boy Scouts outside, Clint was having a hard time being creeped out. He wanted a shower and a glass of cold water- not the lukewarm, plasticky stuff he and Phil had forced themselves to drink on the walk- more than anything else he'd ever wanted 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Carlos/Cecil (Welcome to Night Vale)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Meeting the Parents
Backstory
Post Thor
Pre The Avengers
Post One Year Later
Pre Faceless Old Woman
timelines what timelines
Established Relationship
Phil Coulson is from Night Vale

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Carlos/Cecil (Welcome to Night Vale)

