Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Stiles walks into his room with a scowl on his face. Eyes watering slightly at the events that befell him less than an hour before.


Half an hour earlier


Stiles arrived at Derek’s loft five minutes after the pack meeting was supposed to have started. He knew he was late, but it wasn’t his fault, honest. Okay maybe it was slightly his fault. Rebandaging four, five inch long, cuts along ones back having taken far longer than Stiles has accounted for. Arms laden with meat lovers pizza for all the starving wolves. Stiles rolled the door to the side slightly, catching a glance at the pack as they’re sprawled out about the room. Derek leaning against the large windows that serves as one of the loft’s walls. Scott and Alison making out on the couch as Lydia and Kira talk next to them. Boyd and Erica sat on the armchair, also making out. Whilst Peter stood by the stairs glaring at them all. Isaac and Jackson weren’t in the room. Stiles guessing they’re getting a drink or something.

“Look who finally showed up.” Derek stated, pushing himself off of the window, before sauntering over to Stiles. The alpha taking a box from Stiles’ arms and walks back over to the window. Sitting down leaning against it and eating the food. The rest of the pack jumped up, unburdening Stiles of the rest of the boxes. Leaving him with a single box. Isaac and Jackson choose that moment to re-enter the room. The two having smelt the food from where they were. Jackson smiled at Stiles before taking the last box from him. The wolf dragged Stiles to the others, forcing him to sit down on the floor. Isaac joined the two as they ate. It didn’t take long for the pack to finish and for the empty boxes to be thrown away. Derek stood back up, eyes drifted across the room as he did so. When they land on Stiles, they freeze, and the look hardened. “After the Griffin attack, and one idiot getting in the way and getting himself torn up. I have decided as alpha that any human without any discernible skills what so ever are to be kicked out of the pack.”

“But that’s just me.” Stiles states, before his eyes widened with realisation. That was it, no more pack.

“You can’t just kick him out.” Jackson growled, standing to put himself in front of the human.

“I can, and I have. Stiles, get your things and get out. This is for your own safety.” Derek’s eyes glowed red. Stiles stood, moving back towards the door. Jackson and Isaac go to say something, but Derek’s red eyes stop them. Stiles stands beside the door for a moment looking back over the pack. Eyes meeting Derek’s.

“Just so you know. This means you can’t come to me when your in need anymore. No coming through my window at fuck knows what hour in the morning bleeding out. No asking me to research for you. Nothing. Isaac, Jackson, feel free to talk to me again. The rest of you can go to hell for all I care.” Words like venom flowing from Stiles’ tongue.

Present

Stiles falls down on his bed, staring up at the ceiling above him as he lets the tears fall from his eyes. This is it, the end of his ties to the pack. Sure Isaac will come around and hang with him. And Jackson too, having come back from England nicer, and less like a douche than before. But it wasn’t the same, no longer having the pack to fall back on when things got tough. The Sheriff walks past Stiles’ room, glancing in at his son before stopping and entering with a small knock to the door.

“You alright there son?” John asks, and Stiles just looks up at him, eyes red from crying.

“He kicked me out of the pack.” The boy mutters, the sheriff looks at his son with sad eyes, moving to sit beside the lying figure on the bed.

“Okay, what are we going to do about this?” John questions, watching his son with worrisome eyes.

“I need to get out of town for a bit.” Stiles states, John nods in agreement.

“I’ll see if I can get ahold of your uncle Phil, see if you can stay with him in New York. How does that sound?”

“Good, it sounds good, anything sounds better than being here right now.” 
Stiles mutters with a sigh, closing his eyes and letting sleep envelop him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stiles Stilinski & Jackson Whittemore
Isaac Lahey & Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
My First Fanfic
probably shit
Phil Coulson is Stiles Stilinski's Uncle
Nice Jackson
Isaac Lahey & Stiles Stilinski Friendship
Stiles Stilinski & Jackson Whittemore Friendship
I'll add more tags as i go
Swearing
Alive Vernon Boyd & Erica Reyes

fandom: 
Stiles Stilinski & Jackson Whittemore
Isaac Lahey & Stiles Stilinski

