Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text



Maladjusted Geniuses and Mistaken Heroes


Steve pauses in the doorway. He’s not watching Tony, because that would be creepy, as Tony would say - but the man has left the door wide open and he’s distracted, fussing with his cuffs and tie and posing in front of the mirror and, though they fight together flawlessly as allies, he still has no idea what to say to get his attention in private. Tony jumps when he turns and sees Steve standing there, before raising a brow and trying for nonchalance with a smirk. “Didn’t realise you were one of my devoted fans, Cap. I hope you arrived after I was dressed.”“I hope you had the door shut before you were dressed,” Steve shoots back, relief totally disproportionate to the moment filling him when Tony doesn’t look taken aback or uncertain at the censure, but merely grins. It’s an empty media grin, but it’s better than nothing. “I just came up to find out if you’re ready. The car’s here.”“You think taking the suit would be too much?”Tony’s just as armoured in this suit as he is in his Iron Man costume, and this is much more appropriate to today’s battlefield. “Perhaps a little,” he says dryly.“Yeah, there’s nothing worse than being overdressed,” Tony muses. “How come I have to go in SHIELD’s car? Can’t I take one of my own cool cars?”Steve isn’t certain if Tony is being annoying because he’s nervous, or if he’s being deliberately obstructive. His mouth pinches slightly at the corners and, instead of responding to the question directly, he says, “You don’t have to do this, Tony. No one’s forcing you into anything. If you still don’t feel… safe around him, or-”Tony hisses like a startled cat. “No. Barton needs this. He was much less annoying when he was drinking too much and stealing zoo animals and making bad choices with live weaponry during simulations than he is now cooped up with nothing to do but hide out and shoot modified nerf weaponry at people. You do realise Pep somehow thinks it’s my fault he got yellow paint in her hair? I mean, okay, yes, I bought him the paint, but I didn’t know what he wanted it for or I’d have made sure it was washable, or had JARVIS make sure it was washable, or something.”Steve still isn’t convinced, and now he’s also confused, as he often is at the end of one of Tony’s monologues. Tony must see this, because he sighs. “He’s doing better,” he says, tone turning serious and eyes flitting away from Steve’s, as though to minimise the intensity of the moment. But Tony is right – Clint has been going to counselling, and he’s back on rotation – on probation, pending assessment.Tony’s still talking. “The only reason he isn’t already back on the team is because the WSC are being dicks. Again. They’ve tried to have me kept off the team and that, mostly,” Steve looks away, even though Tony isn’t looking at him, “mostly didn’t work. They’ve tried having Bruce handed over and that didn’t work either. And now they’re after Clint for his involvement with Loki. Considering I’m one of the people he supposedly hurt my testimony counts. And we need him. You know we do.”“Still,” Steve knows he looks awkward, “he did hurt you. And I don’t want you to feel that you have to-”“I don’t. I promise.”Steve gives him a searching look, and nods. “All right then. Thank you for doing this.”“Anytime, Cap,” Tony says flippantly, but Steve’s used to him by now and doesn’t even acknowledge the tone.*Tony looks around the room, a feral edge to his smile and an undeniable crackle of energy to his step. Steve doesn’t blame him for the fury he’s radiating, he’s barely leashing his own, and beside him, Agent Coulson is as tense as one of Clint’s bow-strings, jaw clenched tight, though otherwise his expression betrays nothing.There is no denying that, in the aftermath of Loki’s control, Clint had been less than the perfect soldier. But they had been assured that this was a review; Clint’s psychiatrist and Fury just wanted to talk to Tony, to have it on record his opinion that the matter was behind them.Instead, the windowless conference room they have been packed into is full, screens at the far side display the watching WSC members and a fair amount of agents – observers, Steve has been told – are crowded against one wall. In the middle of the room, Clint is standing. He’s not alone; Natasha had refused to be moved from his side. Not that Fury had tried that hard, in fact, if Steve didn’t know better, he’d say the man was pleased. He’d like to be up there himself, but Agent Coulson had held him back, whispering, “Natasha is an expert at looking nonthreatening, Captain, they will tolerate her, and mentally think of her as nothing but the overly clingy girlfriend. Your obvious support can do nothing but make this unpleasant situation worse.”Steve had acquiesced, though he wasn’t happy about it. Tony had not. He’d been standing next to Steve and he’d taken time from his contemptuous survey of the room to shoot Coulson a hard look. “This is 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve&Bucky
Steve&Tony
Clint/Natasha
Avengers Friendship

freeform: 
Violence
Character Death
loki is a huge bag of dicks
mindfuckery
no really
if that bothers you don't read
Steve and Tony slowly becoming friends
references to Afghanistan
references to Steve's time as a capsicle
Asgardian Magic

fandom: 
Steve&Bucky
Steve&Tony
Clint/Natasha
Avengers Friendship

