Chapter 1: Steve (plus Thor)
    




Chapter Text
Steve had always wanted to visit the western states. Just not when it was being invaded by aliens. Seriously, couldn't the Avengers meet any nice aliens?Oh, wait. Thor. Wait, did he count...?Steve slammed his shield into the purple goblin-looking thing that charged him. There were hundreds of them, most of them in the air. It was like the Chitauri, except these guys' flying vehicles carried a lot more punch. Steve himself was stuck in a canyon, fending off a dozen of the little suckers on his own, thanks to getting separated from the rest of the team like an idiot. But there was good news. First and foremost, they were in rural Utah, near the Grand Canyon (not in the Grand Canyon, unfortunately). No civilians around. Second, Wanda, Hulk, Tony, and Thor were having a lot of success. Almost fun. Something exploded over Steve's shoulder and Tony cackled over the comms. Scratch the "almost." They were having a blast. "Head's up!" A web shot out and snagged a grounded alien's weapon as it fired. The shot went wide, hitting a rock instead of Steve. Spider-Man swooped down and knocked the alien out. Steve breathed a little easier at the backup. "We should take field trips more often. This is fun!" Peter cheered, squirting more webs from his slingers. "Says you! I hate this weather," Natasha grumbled over the comms. "We can go to Siberia next month," Clint suggested."Screw that. Iceland," Bucky said. "Chatter," Steve scolded. "Anyone have eyes on the mothership?" "I got it!" Tony called. "It's...ah, shit. Anyone got another nuke lying around?" "No, but Thor and Wanda go boom," Peter suggested. He had a flying bike on the end of his webs as he spun and spun and smashed it into the canyon wall. "We need Wanda on the ground. Take Thor," Steve said. "Vision, too, if you need him." "Thor will work. But, uh, slight problem," Tony said. "The ship's got an electro-magnetic field around it." "Can you fly through it?" "Oh, yeah, but our comms'll go out." "Wanda." There was a familiar tickle in the back of Steve's mind, before he was mentally connected by thin telepathic threads to everyone on the team. He couldn't believe he used to discourage Wanda's telepathy. This was proving unbelievably useful. Life-saving, even. The aliens in the canyon with Steve and Peter suddenly scattered, scurrying up the rock walls. "What the heck?" Peter asked. Steve shook his head. "I don't know. Get out of here." He switched to telepathy while Peter swung his way up the canyon. *They're leaving.**Ours are not,* Vision reported. His mind was calm and Zen, but for a slight ripple of worry (given the intense concentration and burst of confidence from Wanda, his girlfriend was doing something dangerous) and curiosity at the aliens' behavior.Peter was out of the canyon before the ground shook. "Earthquake!" Steve shouted, heading to the wall for cover. Earthquakes in Utah usually weren't so bad. But because of all the shooting and damage happening to the canyon, a massive slab of the opposite canyon wall broke off and began sliding toward Steve. Steve saw movement out of the corner of his eye and felt Peter's jolt of pure panic a second before the young man could cry a warning. The alien fired its weapon at Steve the same time he threw his shield. It felt like fire exploding in his stomach. Steve dropped to his knees and coughed blood. He tried to stand. He was a super-soldier. A single shot was nothing. But whatever those guns fired was enough to keep Captain America down. And the chunk of rock that fell on his head as the earthquake subsided didn't help, either. The last thing Steve saw before he fell unconscious was Peter picking up his shield and facing the crashing canyon wall. --
*Captain!*



*Steve?!*


*Rogers?*
None of their telepathic or vocal calls got a response from the Captain. One moment he was there, the next he was gone. *He's alive,* Peter said. *I think.*Thor breathed a sigh of relief as he smashed his way through the alien mothership. He and the Man of Iron wreaked havoc, lightning and electric fire ripping the ship apart so these foul creatures would never return. *Peter, what's wrong?* Wanda demanded. 
*Canyon wall collapsed. Tried to crush us. Need evac or we'll be an Avengers sandwich.*





*What's the status on Rogers?* Natasha asked. Instead of words, Peter dropped an image in their minds. It was the Captain on the canyon floor, blood seeping out of the tattered remains of his lower torso. Thor slammed his hammer into the mothership's haul in a rage. Peter was trying to hide it, but they could all taste his fear and grief. *I don't know how long we have.*




*These bastards are stubborn, but we'll wrap it up and get to you ASAP,* Anthony promised. *Can you do first aid?*


*No, kinda busy here.*

*Need backup?*


*There's no aliens. Just wipe 'em out and come get us.*
Thor frowned, confused. How could Peter be too busy to aid a fallen comrade and yet not be fighting thei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Angst
Fluff & Angst
Crack
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Bruce Banner
Hurt Hulk
Inside Hurts
Outside Hurts
Protective Avengers
Team as Family
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Wanda Maximoff
Sick Tony

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

