Chapter 1: Fuck the Light...
    


Summary:

Rewritten and added new parts to the chapter, possibly will add more parts or rewrite others later on.Hopefully corrected grammar and spelling errors.Multiple edits will be added as time passes, so sorry if I cause any confusion.5/13/2019





Chapter Text
'Hell...' That was the one word that would describe Harry's predicament right now. He always wondered after everything he has been through, it wouldn't compare to the Dursleys but he was wrong. He wished he never step foot in this castle and just ran away and discover his magic in another way. 
The thought of dying was on the edge of his mind, but he shook his head of those thoughts. He wouldn't give them the satisfaction of seeing his corpse and it would put his parent's sacrifice to waste. 
'Sirius...Remus...' He barely held in a sniffle at the two adults who should have watched over him. 
He made himself warm with his old fitted clothes as his mind swirled with all the mocking sneers of his supposed peers. He was banished by Gryffindor for supposedly cheating and not swearing an oath to something he did not commit. 
He barely escaped that miserable hell with the clothes on his back. As if being forced through classes wasn't hellish enough, most of the school's population and her visitors hated him for what he had done. 
He was shunned, hackled, and hexed with some spells that would have for sure maimed him if he didn't have the experience of the Dursleys watching his back. He was forbidden from eating at all tables and some even took patrols to prevent him from eating in the kitchens. 
It was only due to Dobby bringing him food in bulk that he was still able to move. The damn teachers were of no help either, neither was Poppy or any of the champions, Viktor didn't consider him a threat but didn't give a shit whether his classmates maimed him or not. Fleur spat at him with cold sneers with her teacher and supporters right behind her and he didn't even need to know Cedric's. His house made it viciously clear that they would maim him if he even looked at him. 
It was officially the worst year of his life. He could only be happy that his dear companion, Hedwig managed to get to safety. He wasn't sure if he wanted to know what would happen if the student population got their hands on her. 
He made to check if there was anyone in the halls so he could take a bath, but as he stuck his head out he heard a cold, hate-filled voice cry out, "Get him!!" 
He was spotted and he peeled out of the abandoned classroom with as much speed as he could in his current state as students hollered and spat at him to stop running and take his beating or that he was a worthless snake or that he just had to confess and everything would be fine.
Harry damn knew the last one was a lie and had to hide before the screaming attracted the rest of the school or one of the teachers who just egg the students on. Then he turned a quick corner and hid behind a suit of armor, hoping to whatever deity that was watching over him that they didn't discover him.
A Hufflepuff sneered, "Dammit, where did he go?"
"He probably went over there," A Ravenclaw offered
A Gryffindor spat, "You better be right..." the group then ran off, leaving the boy who was hiding alone in the hall, after several minutes, he stepped out of the shadows.
Harry could only give a grim chuckle over his situation, despite all the misery he suffered, he was now known as the Boy-who-cheated.
The last Potter quickly left his hiding spot and made to find a new place to settle down and heal as he found himself in front of the girl's bathroom which was the entrance into the Chamber of Secrets.
He locked the door behind him and made his way in front of the sink and was shocked over how he looked. He was pale with heavy shadows under his eyes, his hair was completely out of control, his outfit was torn and ripped in multiple places along with grim and dirt from hiding in abandoned classrooms. 
He shook his head before he concentrated for a moment and hissed, "Open~."
Then the sink opened and he jumped down into the entrance before it closed behind him, making the bathroom look the same as before. The dead animal carcasses remained as Harry walked, letting his magic lead him to safety where a large life-like portrait of a man was hung with the figure frozen in place with his head slightly lowered.
The man was in his early to mid-thirties, his hair was an inky black which ended at his shoulders. His features were pale and sharp with a strong jawline, a sharp nose with full lips but his eyes were closed and resting across his shoulders was a familiar-looking snake. 
He was wearing a silk black robe with a silver shirt underneath embroidered with emerald green.
Harry took a step closer and inwardly asked, 'Would this be Salazar Slytherin?'
He examined the painting when he brushed his fingertips against the painting, lighting shocking himself as his magic jumpstarted the painting and Salazar wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Symbiotic Relationship
Corruption
Blood and Gore
Bloodlust
Cannibalism
Cannibalistic Thoughts
Dark Magic
Dark Harry
Dark Danny
Dark Harley
Dark Beast Boy
more to come - Freeform
Voyeurism
Daddy Kink
Harry Has a Daddy Kink
Blood Kink
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
Parselmouth Harry Potter
Parseltongue Kink
Rough Kissing
Claiming Bites
Rimming
Master/Pet
Toilet Slut

fandom: 
None
