Work Text:
New York city, roughly 8.4 million people live in the city, about half of the population uses the subway. Peter felt his pulse speeding up, not due to so many people bustling about. No he was used to that by now. He lived and breathed New York air for so long that the amount of people didn't really bother him anymore. No what was the cause of his pulse picking up was due to his boyfriend, to Wade's stupid request. Peter tugged at the over-sized hoodie he was wearing, making sure everything was still very much covered, including the hood being up. He didn't want anyone to tell who he was, so that was one of the positive sides of New York. Everyone was a blur to everyone else. Wade on the other hand was wearing a cocky grin, his own hoodie matching Peter's though with his wardrobe he got jeans to wear. Peter bit his lip as he followed Wade down the steps through the bustling people. Swallowing hard as he tried not to really catch the mumbles and mutters from the surrounding people. It wasn't like they were talking about him, about the fact it looked like had nothing under his hoodie. Chewing his lip he reached out to grasp Wade's hand, glancing up at him giving him the look of "You better remember this later". Wade's only reply was a chuckle and him purring back, "You look hot baby boy." Peter just groaned as they walked towards the yellow line just before boarding the subway. As they waited for the train to pull up Peter slightly pressed into Wade, his face hiding against the other man's shoulder. He bit at Wade's shoulder though as he felt the man's calloused hand grabbing and groping Peter's butt. Peter knew that the hand belonged to Wade, he knew his hand better than anyone else's. "Wade," He slightly moaned, trying to keep his voice quiet so only Wade heard. Though he was grateful that everyone around them were off in their own little world, more important than noticing either Peter or Wade. Wade smirked glancing down at the brunette leaning down to press a kiss to Peter's forehead. "My cute baby boy," He purred licking his lips knowing that it was only a small wait before they, "I can't wait to start our little fun." Peter bit his lip shuddering knowing what they were going to do went against his normal morals, trying to strive to be a good role model for kids. "Sh-shut up," Peter mumbled but gasped slightly as he felt Wade's fingers roughly rub against his ass, even through the hoodie. He had to fight to urge to let the moan escape his lips. Like a prayer being answered the train pulled up, the people moving gave Peter the chance to move away from Wade to regain his composure the best he could. Spotting the best spot for the activities that were about to play out Peter moved to the furthest spot on the train from the doors. A slightly wave of nervous tingles spread through his body as he felt a much larger man press up against his backside as he was facing towards the window. "Wow, such a brave boy for wearing something so revealing," The hot breath brushed against the nape of Peter's neck sending the electric pleasure of doing something so dirty in broad daylight. "I-I don't know what you're talking about," Peter simply replied trying to keep his voice even as he reached in front of him to hold onto the small ledge of the window to keep himself steady. He watched as people boarded the train, taking spots close enough to hear him but thankfully had ear buds in to stop that. He felt himself hardening, tenting against the hoodie as there was nothing else underneath. "Is that so pretty boy," The voice purred, teeth nipping at the back of his neck, "The train hasn't even started to move and look at your cute hoodie, it's got a weird tenting going on." Peter felt the excitement of being teased without being touched but his body was needy as it pressed back against the man, rubbing his ass against him. "I might be a bit devious, but I feel something hard in your pants mister," Peter murmured back not looking at the man behind him. Peter bit his lower lip as he felt the man push him closer into the wall, his dick rubbing rougher against his hoodie and the wall. A slight gasp coming from him as he felt the man's hands moving behind him, one hand on his waist as the other unzipped the man's fly. "Wh-what are you planning on doing," Peter stammered, his heart pounding. That's when he felt the man's hand move from where he assumed he was pulling his fly down to under the hoodie Peter was wearing. The man chuckled as he felt nothing but skin then a rubber bit where Peter's asshole was.   "Oh? What's this," The man purred against Peter's ear as his fingers twisted the plug inside of Peter, earning himself moans and whimpers. "Shhh, you don't wanna be noticed do you?" The man teased Peter. Peter shook his head before leaning his head down slightly to bite the back of his sleeved hand. "No," He squeaked. "Such a cute response," The man purred, his calloused fingers teasing along the area that the toy and se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Public Sex
subway/train sex
Bathroom Sex
oh lord Wade has tainted Peter
Peter wearing only an over-sized hoodie
Wade being kinky
So Is Peter
Don't let Peter's cuteness fool you
he's kinky af
Daddy Kink
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

