Work Text:
Steve came to slumped against a rough stone wall and hanging by cuffs on his wrists.
 Well, shit. 
His wobbly legs didn’t want to cooperate, but he bullied them into supporting his weight. The muscle burn in his shoulders faded as soon as he stood, his advanced healing erasing the strain of hanging in such an awkward position. He wasn’t injured anywhere that he could see. How long had he been out?The cuffs looked sturdy, but he could break almost anything these days. If he was left alone long enough to recover a little more coordination--The door swung open. Steve straightened and tried to look steady on his feet.The man who stood in the doorway to his cell was imposing. His tall, broad-shouldered frame was covered entirely in black, relieved only by glints of silver where weapons were holstered. His left arm was protected by a metal sheath--no, Steve revised, watching in fascination as the man used that arm to close the door behind him, his left arm was  made of metal.Domino masks were popular with the vigilante set, but it was actually easier to identify someone based on their nose, mouth, and jawline than their eyes and forehead. This man seemed to know that--a pair of goggles hung loosely around his neck, leaving his eyes exposed, but he was covered nose to chin by a fitted black mask. From what Steve could see of his face, his expression was calm and controlled. His eyes were the cool gray blue of spruce needles.Steve angled his jaw up, refusing to be intimidated. “Doctor Kingston, I presume?”“Nope,” the man said. His voice was quiet but clearly audible through his mask.Steve blinked. “Excuse me?”“Doctor Kingston’s the boss. I’m just his head of security.”“Oh.” Steve felt a bit put out. It had been a while since he’d gotten pawned off on a lackey. When he got captured these days, whoever was in charge usually came to gloat in person.“Don’t take it personally.” The man sounded amused. He took one precisely measured step into the cell, clasping his hands behind his back. “If it helps, I think he was too intimidated to come himself. You have quite a reputation, Captain America.”He said the title with the same hint of mockery that Steve gave it in his own head. It was probably supposed to be snide, but Steve found it kind of refreshing.The whole “Captain America” thing was embarrassing. Covert affairs were supposed to be, well,  covert. Steve had spent years as just another faceless SHIELD agent (albeit one with some very unusual abilities) before a single night in Vienna had torn his cover to shreds. He hadn’t even been there on a mission; an Austrian extortion ring had just happened to attack the Vienna State Opera House looking for wealthy hostages on the very same night that Natasha had coaxed Steve into attending the opening of  Le Corsaire  as her plus one.Steve wasn’t sure who’d had the worse night: the terrified ballet attendees, or the criminals who’d had to face the wrath of a Natasha Romanov whose evening plans had been ruined. Really, he had done the criminals a favor by taking on most of them himself. Natasha had been looking forward to that night for  months.Hostages had filmed Steve knocking out seven armed attackers single-handed with nothing but an appetizer tray and his own bow tie, his superhuman strength and reflexes on full display. The shaky cellphone footage had streamed live to an enraptured global audience. Once it was all over, before the medics had even finished digging the bullets out of Steve’s leg, reporters had identified Captain Steve Rogers based on his old army photo, and within hours #CaptainAmerica was trending. There was no saving his anonymity after that.Steve had adjusted. Officially, he was benched from his former STRIKE team and had taken a more advisory role at SHIELD. Unofficially, his new Captain America figurehead status gave him dignitary-level access to people and places that had been out of reach before, opening up a whole new world of covert ops. There were a lot of opportunities to gather intelligence at events attended by the rich and influential.Which was how he came to be here, chained to the basement wall of a manor house in Lithuania owned by one of the country’s top scientists (and one of the top private sellers of next-generation biotech, according to SHIELD analysts) while a gala was in full swing upstairs. SHIELD had received word that the scientist had booked a one-way plane ticket to Guam leaving the next morning. Steve had seized on Doctor Kingston’s going-away party as one final opportunity to clone, confiscate, or at least sneak a peek at his research before he took it out of the country, but the security had been far tougher than expected.Steve had only just set foot into the scientist’s lab before he’d caught a tranquilizer dart to the neck. Normally that would have barely slowed him down, but this time the dart had evidently been calibrated for his rapid metabolism, and he’d gone down like a sack of bricks.“That’s me,” Steve agree
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
SHIELD Agent Steve Rogers
Freelance Agent Bucky Barnes
Competence Kink
Enemies to Lovers
sort of - more like professional adversaries to lovers
Accidental Honeypot
Humor
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

