Chapter 1: All I Buy For Christmas
    




Chapter Text
Not looking forward to Christmas this year? Parents nagging on you to settle down, get a man, get a life, get a job? I can make you look better, or at least make them look stupid. I am a 28 year old disabled military vet with a prosthetic arm -- I think it’s cool, but it tends to freak people out. I have visible tattoos on my neck and arm and I have long, rough-cut hair. I generally rock the three-day stubble, but I can shave and look cleaned up, if you prefer. I work as a bouncer in a stripclub. If you'd like to have me as your strictly platonic date for Christmas, but have me pretend to be in a very long or serious relationship with you, to torment your family, I'm game. All I need is a free dinner and a six pack of microbrew. For a twenty-dollar gift card to starbucks, I will also talk about politics and religion (whichever side you want me to be on, I was on the debate team in high school). I can also openly hit on other guests (male or female, I swing both ways) pretend to get really drunk and start a fistfight with a member of your family on the front lawn in full view of the neighbors. 
 Really, Tony wasn’t going to call the number, even though he’d torn the one of the strips off the flier when he’d seen it. He’d carried the number around in his jeans pocket for most of the day and then entered the digits into his phone. And forgotten about it. Until his mother had called and nagged him about what his plans were for Christmas. She’d talked pointedly about Janet Van Dyne, who was just lovely, and maybe Tony could consider -- “Actually, Mom,” Tony interrupted, desperately. Not that he didn’t like Janet, she was a sweet girl, but they’d known each other since they were in diapers, and besides, he happened to know for a fact that she was nursing a crush on Hank Pym, and Pym had yet to get his head out of his ass long enough to notice. “I was wondering if I could bring a date home with me.” “A date, Tony?” His mother probed with all the delicacy of an Area 52 alien. “Are you actually seeing someone?” “It might be a thing,” Tony said. “I don’t know, we haven’t been seeing each other long, but their family's too far away to visit for the time they have off from work, and I just don’t like seeing people alone on Christmas.” Okay, that might have been pushing it. His mother was many things, but the likelihood of her falling for him doing anything for altruism was probably pushing it. And the whole not using single pronouns things; he’d come out to his parents as bisexual years ago, but both of them were choosing to view the whole thing as a phase that he’d grow out of, especially since he’d never actually dated any men. (He’d picked up a few, cruised and been cruised enough to know what he was doing, but those were one-night stands, and sometimes just blowjobs in bar bathrooms, and not the sort of thing that he had actually managed to talk about with his parents, even though he considered it sometimes when his mom was being particularly pointed in her matchmaking efforts.) “You,” his mom said. He could almost hear her eyebrows rising over the phone. “You have a date. That you want to bring home for Christmas?” “Yeah, maybe. I haven’t asked yet, wanted to make sure it was okay with you before I got their hopes up,” Tony said. “Yes.” “Yes?” “Yes, Tony,” she said. “Please. Bring your date. I can have the maids make up the marshmallow room. By all means, I’d love to meet your friend.” Tony swallowed hard. The marshmallow room -- so named because the bed in there was particularly fluffy and ridiculous -- was next door to his own bedroom at the mansion, and what was more, had an adjoining passage. Holy shit. His mother was actually giving him tacit permission to have premarital under her roof. He walked over to the window and looked out. Nope, sun was not falling out of the sky. She must be more worried about his continued bachelorhood than she was willing to admit. “Okay,” Tony said, his heart beating ridiculously fast in his chest. “Okay. I’ll let you know tomorrow or Friday if they can come with.” “Thank you, darling,” his mom said. “Love you.” “Love you, too, Mom,” Tony said. Jesus, now he was in trouble. He disconnected the call and sat down, hard, on his bed. He needed a date. Jesus. 
 “This is Barnes, go,” the man said. His voice was low-pitched and smokey, like he’d just rolled out of bed. “Hi,” Tony said, pacing around his room. “I, um… saw your flier. You --” “Oh, shit, yeah, the Christmas thing? Really? That’s cool. Didn’t think anyone was actually gonna call, but hell, I spent the last two years eatin’ turkey tv dinner and man, that blows.” “So, you don’t have a date yet?” “Nope,” Barnes said. “You plannin’ on a shocking coming out to your folks over Christmas? That’s the spirit.” “I’m out,” Tony muttered, “but they don’t really believe me. I haven’t brought anyone home, male or female, and my mother’s trying to set me up. It’s embarrassing.” “I he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
pay for boyfriend
Craigslist
Pining
when your ex shows up unexpectedly
Everyone Loves Bucky
Even Tony
Christmas Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Never Have I Ever
drunken party games
New Year's Eve
everybody sleeps with clint
Valentine's Day Fluff
Valentine's Day
Chocolate
Cruise
define the relationship
Eating Disorders
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Victim Blaming
Bad Decisions
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Heavy Angst
Break Up
Easter
Mardi Gras
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
sex on the stairs
Use Your Words
Lovers to Friends

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

