Work Text:
  
Lying on the couch, with the serum burning through his veins, Tony had promised the entire team that he wasn’t going to die.

It was too bad, because he was pretty sure that he was going to have to break that promise.

It wasn’t the serum that was going to kill him.  In fact, it had saved his life.  The thing had set his body on fire for what felt like hours, but in the end, it had repaired the most recent damage to his heart.  He’d survived, and was a little better off for it.  

But here, alone, in the dark…

Something creaks, a door maybe, and a thin strand of light separates the room.  

In and out.  Don’t let them see.  In and out…

“Get up, Stark.”  The boot is hard in his side, jolts his whole body and makes him lose the careful control he has over his breaths.  Air catches and freezes deep inside, and he can’t get up, can’t even move, because his last lungful has decided to get stuck somewhere and it won’t come out it won’t…

Another sharp kick jars it loose, and a harsh cough follows.  There’s blood in his mouth, the metallic taste is familiar, and it could be nothing, but it could be bad.

As a hand grasps the back of his shirt and pulls him up, Tony remembers his promise, and puts one foot in front of the other. 

The lights are bright in the hallway, brighter still in the room they shove him into.  

“What do you want?” he manages to ask, and he’s rather proud of himself.  He got those words out around the vise wrapping tight, squeezing his lungs.  Did it despite the thump-thump-skip-thuthump-thump-skip-skip--thump that was playing out in his chest.  “What do you want me to build?”

Tall dark and psychotic laughs, feet propped up on his desk, leaning back in his rolling chair and managing not to fall down.  Bastard.

“Build?  Put you in a room with tools?  I’m not nearly as stupid as those terrorist morons.  The last thing I need you doing is creating your own way out.”  

Everyone knows that there’s a no ransom policy at Stark Industries.  No one is dumb enough to kidnap him for the money, so Tony's not exactly sure what they want.  There’s dark spots dancing in front of his eyes, and he’s pretty sure at least one rib broke during the crash, and his entire left side feels like the microwave must have after Clint accidentally heated his oatmeal with the spoon still in the bowl.  

Everything is fuzzy and he’s having trouble keeping the wheeze down so they can’t hear it (because he can’t let them know, they can‘t know about the Not Breathing), and he doesn’t understand why he’s here.

And Steve’s probably pissed (and moving on to worried) because this was their first real Not Date, just the two of them and dinner, and even if they weren’t going to call it a date (because Steve courted and Tony just slept with people and they needed to find some sort of in between, so they were going on a Not Date), it kind of was, because Steve had told the rest of the team that they weren’t allowed to go to dinner with them…and oh God, what if Steve was dead?  He was in the car, wasn’t he? 

He can’t remember. 

The man behind the desk is staring at him, and his stomach is doing flip flops, because, oh please no, and then Tony realizes that he isn’t staring at him.

He's staring at the arc reactor.  

“I designed the weapons myself.  They’re ready to go.  I just need a power source.  Marco here tried stealing some a little while back, but apparently you’ve got some state of the art security system.” 

Jarvis would not be happy about being called a security system.  But that thought is secondary to the more important ones (Not-Breathing, Steve, Not-Breathing, Steve…), and the fact that he’s a little put off by the salivating look the man is directing at the blue glow. 

“So, I figured if we couldn’t go in and get one, we’d just wait for one to come out.”  

Tony’s pretty sure he’s shaking now, his eyes barely able to stay open, and his head hurts on top of everything else.  A thin zipper races up his chest with the next exhale and he tries to hold his Not Breath in.  Can’t let them hear.  

“Of course, we still need you alive, because we’ll need you to help us with the designing of more reactors once we’re done testing.”   The man stands and stretches.  “After that,” he shrugs.  “We’ll see.”

There isn’t going to be an after that.  His nebulizer is at home, shoved under the couch where he’d kicked it last week.  But it isn’t even the Not Breathing that is going to be a problem.

His problem is going to be the Not Beating.

Tony’s heart is doing some sort of skippy dance, something fast and slow, sometimes a two-step, sometimes more.  It is worse than it was when he had pneumonia, when the giant robot had managed to point out the difficulty of having an arc reactor sitting on your heart.  He’s pretty sure it has to do with the crash (there was fire, and squealing, and this high pitched, nails on a chalkboard sound), but Tony isn’t a doctor.  Maybe he’s just stressed.

He doubts it.

Part of him wishes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kidnapped!Tony
asthma!Tony
Slash
PTSD
Stream of Consciousness
Arc Reactor
Team Bonding
OT6 (If you really squint)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

