Chapter 1: The days worth living for
    




Chapter Text
The holographic schematic of the warp nacelle sparkled pale blue as it hung in midair, projected up from Tony's worktable. The top half was run through with patches of light and shadow, courtesy of the afternoon sun shining through the Manhattan skyline outside Tony's window. Tony spun the schematic around with one finger, frowned, and took a sip of his coffee. He grimaced and set the cup down. Yuck. That had gone cold... sometime. He couldn't have been working that long, could he?Tony sighed a despondent sigh and rubbed two fingers over his beard. Maybe he'd misremembered the numbers. "Give me those power-consumption projections again, please, Jocasta."The numbers obligingly appeared underneath the schematic, angled toward Tony's view. And they were, unfortunately, the same as he remembered. Tony sighed again and brought his fingers to his temple, trying to stave off the incipient headache before Jocasta noticed. He'd gone through three hyposprays of analgesics in the last week. It wasn't like he needed to account for his usage to a quartermaster or CMO anymore, but Jocasta did have a tendency to be a little snippy when he tried to substitute the miracles of modern medicine for proactive self-care. He supposed Hank—or rather, Hank's AI experiment, and hadn't that been fun?—had programmed her that way. It made a little more sense as a mindset for Starfleet officers. If you were in Starfleet, you owed it to other people—to your captain, to your shipmates, to Starfleet—to keep yourself in good working order and to let someone know as soon as you weren't.Yeah, well, Tony wasn't in Starfleet. Not anymore.Jocasta's face, the face she'd once had in reality, materialized on one of the wall flatscreens, golden-eyed with silvery-blue metallic skin. Her perfect, symmetrical features wrinkled into an apologetic frown. "Sorry, Tony, those are the numbers. That's the best I can do.""It's not your fault," Tony said, and he felt only a little silly worrying about his computer's feelings. "But there's no way to generate a warpfield at all with those tiny nacelles, is there?" He squinted and stabbed a finger at the top. "Wait. If you minimize the Bussard ramscoops—""Tony.""If you cut them down by, say, a third, then you can extend the nacelle housing—""Tony."His attention drawn unwillingly away from this new breakthrough, he glared at Jocasta. "What?""Incoming call," she said, serenely. "Starfleet Command."Tony's stomach plummeted. He wasn't late on the design yet, was he? No, no, it was only Monday. "Look, just tell T'Challa I'll have his ship for him by Friday, like we said.""It's not Commodore T'Challa," Jocasta informed him. "It's Admiral Fury."Oh, hell. The engineers, the scientists—those, he could handle. They had an understanding. They showed up, he helped them make starships, and then they went away. But if it was Fury... well, Fury wasn't going to go away. He wanted something. He always wanted something. The same something. And the answer was still no.Tony ran his hands through his hair and then slammed the table controls to kill the projection. The holo winked out. He sat down. He folded his hands. He unfolded his hands. He put his hands under the table. His heart pounded, and Tony wished, like he'd been wishing for the past five years, that he weren't intimately aware of every single lurching feeling in his chest.He was being ridiculous.He cleared his throat, swallowed, and cleared his throat again. "All right. Put him on."Jocasta's face disappeared, and the screen flipped to a few seconds of the familiar UFP starfield-and-wreath insignia. And then there was Admiral Nicholas Fury, in full uniform. There was a little more gray at his temples than there'd been the last time Tony had talked to him. They were all getting older.Fury's one organic eye squinted at Tony, and then glanced around, taking in the rest of Tony's workroom. Tony could feel his own mouth curve into a smile; Fury had finally replaced the old leather eyepatch with something a little more cybernetic, because Tony definitely saw the gleam of optical sensors where Fury's left eye wasn't. It was amazing, what they could do these days with prosthetics and implants. And Tony knew that better than most people did.Tony's own artificial heart didn't have quite so many bells and whistles, but at least it kept on beating. Fleet had owed him that much."Lieutenant Commander Stark," Fury said, crisply, and, yeah, it was going to be one of those conversations again, apparently. Lucky him.Tony gave him a tight smile. "Retired, sir."Fury smiled the same smile back, just as cagey. "You say that every time.""Maybe this time you'll believe me," Tony said.There was a quiet, amused huff of a laugh. The visual pickup refocused as Fury leaned back and then leaned in again, like he was changing tactics. Like he wanted Tony to think he was Tony's friend. Like this was a casual chat. "So, how's the design going?""I'l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Star Trek Fusion
Action/Adventure
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Pining
Angst
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Sex Pollen
Fuck Or Die
Caves
Sex In A Cave
Technobabble
Happy Ending
Cap_Ironman Big Bang 2016
Community: cap_ironman

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

