Work Text:
Steve had never thought it wasn't okay for dames to like sex, not like some people did. Bucky sure liked it well enough, and wasn't shy about telling Steve about it, so he figured it only made sense that it went both ways. Women could do all kinds of things that some folk thought they couldn't, or shouldn't. Maybe when he was younger, he thought it would be swell to settle down and marry a nice girl and then get to know her in an intimate way, but everything was a lot more complicated when you weren't a kid anymore, and Steve stopped being a kid long before the serum and the whole new life it laid out for him.So when Maria—she was the one with the dark hair and the dimple just on the left side and that tiny beauty mark above her eyebrow that she always covered with make-up but that Steve thought made her look distinguished—when Maria took him by the hand and shut the door behind them and it was just him and her in that little dressing room, it didn't take Steve long to get the idea.He didn't tell her he'd never, not really, but he figured she already knew. Maybe she thought he was a mama's boy, or a god-fearing man; he didn't think she ever suspected that the Steve Rogers she was looking at wasn't the same man he'd been just a few short weeks ago. Not on the outside, anyway."You do want to kiss me, don't you?" she said."Yes, ma'am," said Steve, and it only took another moment after that for him to lean in and actually do it. Steve had kissed girls before, but this one was something new. For once it wasn't just affection someone was feeling for him but lust, and it turned out there was a whole lot more heat in that.He didn't actually say 'wow', but he sure was thinking it. He kind of thought Maria knew that too, the way she smirked at him as she took her blouse off. "How about these?" she said. "Do you know what to do with these?""I'm pretty sure I can figure it out," said Steve, leaning in and kissing her throat because she exposed it to him. He didn't think she was going to take her brassiere off too, but she did and then Steve was kissing those too, and they were soft and warm and perfect. He didn't stop to think about what he was doing, because if he did he was worried he would freeze up and things were going much too well right now to stop them before they ever really got started."Oh, you're good with your mouth, Captain," she murmured, a little catch in her breath that Steve figured was a good thing so he kept on going. And Steve, running on pure instinct and arousal, put his hands around her thighs, cupping her buttocks and lifting her up onto the vanity.She let out a little gasp and Steve worried for just a second he'd gone too far, then she smiled again and reached out to unbutton his shirt. "Usually I like the costume," she said, "but I'm awfully glad you're not in it right now."She wasn't stopping with his shirt either; once it was unbuttoned and hanging open for Steve to take care of, she was already moving on to his belt. Steve wasn't sure how to bring up the fact that he didn't have a rubber, partly because he didn't think she was the kind of girl the army had in mind when they distributed them, and partly because he still wasn't sure that was where this was heading."I...uh..." he said and she laughed and opened his trousers."We're not making babies, Captain," she said, "but I know a few things that are just as much fun."Maybe he hadn't tried them out yet, but Steve knew a few things too. "How about I keep kissing you?" he said, and even though it meant she couldn't put his hands on him right then, he dropped to his knees and pushed her skirt up her thighs and started kissing there, too."Captain Rogers!" she said, with a giggle and a gasp. "I thought I was going to have to sweet talk you into that." She leaned back against the mirror and put her legs up over his shoulders and that was how Steve found out she hadn't put any panties on. "You can kiss me anywhere you like."He kissed her inner thigh, low down at first then higher and higher till he had his face all but buried between her legs and then, since she seemed to be pretty happy with him so far, he kissed there too. Kissed and licked and sucked in places too. It wasn't anything like he thought it would be and he didn't know how to find what he was supposed to be looking for, but his brain was better at finding patterns that it ever had been before and it was easy to start to figure out what she liked best.And honestly, started to figure out what he liked best. He had no idea why Bucky said this was something he did just for his girls—this felt amazing and she tasted so sweet and the way he could make her whimper and shake and tighten her thighs around his head...well, it was just about the best thing ever."You sure you've never—?" she said, and instead of answering he just flicked his tongue against her one more time in just that spot that she liked so much, and she gasped and gripped the hair at the back of his head tight and ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/multiple
Steve Rogers/OFC

freeform: 
kink meme fill
Formerly Anonymous
Cunnilingus
Gangbang

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/multiple
Steve Rogers/OFC

