Work Text:
 He disobeys a direct order to go looking for Steve. All the Commandos volunteer to help, but he only takes Dum Dum with him. He’s not so blinded by loss (and love, don’t forget love, that’s why he’s here in the first place) as to neglect the mission. So the rest of the Commandos take Zola back to London, and he and Dum Dum look for Steve.Steve has to be alive.He remembers the story in the papers about the airman who fell without a parachute from a bomber into a snowfield and lived. And he wasn’t Captain America.So Steve has to be alive.He has to be. Bucky knows that God works in mysterious ways, but he refuses to believe that He would allow someone like Steve to die so pointlessly, and especially while they still needed him. Bucky has seen many pointless deaths, but Steve is special; he believes that to the core of his soul. Steve is destined either to die in his bed at a great age, or to die saving hundreds of people. Not in a fall, not knocked out of a train car almost accidentally.They are behind enemy lines and have to work fast, but they are thorough. There is nothing but a few scraps of wreckage at the bottom of the ravine, fresh snow covering everything. They dig into the snow in all the places where parts of the train fell, and find nothing.Steve has to be alive.If Steve had walked away from the fall, he would have followed the valley down, so they do that too. There are no signs anyone else has been down this way recently, and when they get to the first village, they are told that no one else has come down from the mountains in weeks.Bucky heads back to London convincing himself that Steve has been captured by Hydra, but he doesn’t say this. Officially, Steve is Missing In Action, but everyone is acting as if he’s dead, and Bucky doesn’t want to look delusional. But that’s what’s at the forefront of his mind when he proposes the full-frontal attack on the Hydra base.He doesn’t cry. He’s angry. That anger fuels him through the Hydra base, until he realises that Steve isn’t there; Steve was never captured.Steve might be dead, but Bucky has a gun in his hand and people to blame for it. His anger pitches up into rage, and he cuts a swathe through the Hydra troops. Just before he jumps from the car onto the plane, Agent Carter says to him, “For Steve.”He grins at her and says, “Ain’t nobody else I’d do something this stupid for,” then jumps.Agent Carter—Peggy—is on the other end of the radio as he points the nose of the plane into the Arctic. He knows that he should have felt jealous of Peggy, the way Steve looked at her. But he’s a realist. Steve has always deserved better than Bucky, and once he grew into Captain America, he certainly didn’t need Bucky anymore. Peggy’s a beautiful dame Steve can walk down the street with, and not just beautiful but a match with him on every level. He loves Steve, and Bucky had promised himself that he could keep him until the end of the war, though he knew it was selfish. But just that, no longer, then Peggy would have her dance partner. He didn’t know what he had been intending to do with himself after that. It didn’t matter now.“You gotta keep looking for Steve. I reckon he’s hit his head, forgotten who he is. You go find him, Peggy. Take him dancing. Uh, actually, teach him to dance, he doesn’t know how.”He can hear that Peggy is crying, and knows she’s crying for Steve and not for him. “I will. I can stand having my toes stood on.”The ice is close, coming closer faster and faster. “I can’t look after him anymore, so you gotta, you promise me.”“I promise.”It gives him the strength he needs to do this, because he knows that she loves Steve too, and she will look for him just as hard as Bucky would. All he can see is blinding white, and the words come into his head without thought: Ave Maria, gratia plena, Dominus tecum—---light bright light noise lightname rank and serialno name no rank no serialfaces looking can’t move tied down get outnoises words no meaning what are they sayingwhere am I who am I so brightnoise I am making that noise I am shouting why are they not doing anything who am I where am Imachines people pain pain stop stop avemariagratiaplena—---He opens his eyes a second time.Name, rank and serial, but he can’t remember them—A face appears in front of him. “How are you feeling?”He understands the words now, and replies in that language. “Fine?”He is tied down, but not uncomfortable. Fine seems to cover it.The face beams at him. “There are great things ahead of you, great things.”“Who—who am I?”“You do not remember?”“Nothing.”“You are a soldier, Styopa. We are making you the best soldier. You will do great things for the motherland.”“Styopa?”The man smiles at him, and there is an edge of pity in it. “You do not even remember your name, do you? You are Captain Stepan Ivanovich Rogov. Perhaps I should not have been so familiar as to call you Styopa. I should have called you Captain, but we have spent much time together, even though you have not
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve Rogers is the Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

