Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Run home Princess.”
And so it began. The son of Odin and his friends, fighting for their lives against every Jotun who could be summoned. His hammer spinning in a deadly arc over and over. Laufey stood back and watched it happen. Watched as the son of Odin pushed his people further toward another war.
Then it happened. Right there, in front of Laufey’s eyes. The younger son, Loki the dark haired liar, was grabbed by one of Laufey’s fighters. Laufey leaned forward slightly where he sat, watching with delight as the man’s armour fell away, waiting for the scream of pain as the frostbite hit. 
There was no scream, before his eyes he saw the man’s skin turn blue at the wrist. Loki and his opponent stared at his arm in shock before the Prince recovered and stabbed out, killing the Frost Giant. For a moment Laufey was frozen in surprise, before the realisation came over him. He rose from his throne and ran down toward the battle.
He skirted around to the side, watching as one of Thor’s companions was skewered by spikes of ice. Loki was distracted by the yell and threw a knife at the charging attacker with deadly accuracy. But that gave Laufey his opening. As Thor’s other companions pulled their friend from the ice, Laufey appeared behind Loki and grabbed him tightly, pinning his arms. He spun with the surprised Prince in his arms and ran as fast as he could back toward the relative safety of the castle.
“Thor!” Loki shouted as Laufey raced through the ice. He responded by clamping a hand over Loki’s mouth, pressing tightly against skin that was rapidly turning blue. Loki struggled in his arms but was unable to free himself. The Princes clothing had frozen between them, bits of it cracking and falling from his body as they moved.
Laufey reached the castle and sped through the corridors, twisting and turning through the wide passageways. He didn’t have long, Thor seemed caught up in the battle and his friends were mostly focussed on each other, but he couldn’t take the chance. With a savage growl of triumph he reached his destination, the king’s bedroom was the only room in the castle with its wards still intact.
He threw Loki down onto the fur covered ice that was Laufey’s bed. The Prince’s skin immediately began to change back to pink. His eyes widened in alarm as he scrambled back away from Laufey’s grip. His breath was coming in gasps as he tried to evade the King but Laufey was too fast. He gripped Loki’s arms tightly and pushed him back against the bed. One hand reached down and grabbed a handful of fabric. As second later it was gone, torn from Loki’s body. His skin had turned back to blue under Laufey’s hands. He twisted and struggled, crying out in protest and fear as Laufey grabbed his legs and forced them open.
“Stop! Stop!” Loki screamed, staring up at Laufey in fear. “Don’t, please, don’t!”
Laufey ignored it, he didn’t have much time. He pulled Loki’s arms above his head and pinned them there with one hand, the other he pressed between the man’s legs. Loki’s expression changed when he hit the point just behind his balls. It was a small, hidden hole. Laufey wondered briefly if Loki had even known it was there, or if the spell on him made it disappear when he was in Asgard form. It didn’t matter, what mattered was the spell, the binding. He pushed inwards, ignoring the scream that came from Loki’s throat as his fingers breached the entrance. Loki choked on a sob and tried to twist away but Laufey held him too tightly. He allowed only a few seconds for Loki to adjust to his fingers before pulling out and replacing them with his cock. Loki stilled as Laufey breached him, whimpering in fear and pain as the King’s cock pressed deeper and deeper inside of him. His breath was shallow pants, already fast and growing faster as Laufey began to move. 
Laufey had no time for gentleness, he had to finish this as fast as possible, had to come inside Loki to complete the binding. He set a brutal rhythm, thrusting in and out of the Prince’s body as quickly as he dared. It was clear in the first few thrusts that Loki had not had anyone else. His seal broke as Laufey’s cock slammed through it. He was crying, sobbing in pain, twisting his head and arms in an effort to escape his torment. Laufey pushed harder, faster, desperately trying to finish this before the Allfather arrived to take back his sons. Loki’s body jerked under his, unable to withstand his strength. Blue blood began to appear on Laufey’s cock. He was so close, so close. He slid in and out more easily now, with a grunt of effort he pushed harder, ignoring the sounds of distress coming from beneath him. 
At last he felt his release coming; his rhythm became uneven and jerky. With a final grunt of effort he released his icy seed into Loki’s body. Loki let out a cry at the sensation, surprise warring with the fear and pain already displayed on his delicate features.
Laufey withdrew, releasing Loki’s hands and reaching for his loinclo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Laufey/Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Imprisonment
Forced Marriage
Rape
Mental Anguish
Sexual Assault
Mpreg
Mental Non Con
Community: norsekink
Kidnapping
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Laufey/Loki (Marvel)

