Chapter 1: Blueprint 1
    




Chapter Text
The Starkjet was flying through the sky, piercing the clouds at a speed no ordinary plane could reach. Clint was seated behind the pilot’s seat, his legs shaking nervously. It had been two years and eight months since he was breached out of the RAFT and was deemed a criminal. Thirty two weeks since he had been put on the Wanted list of many countries around the world. It all had come to a halt a few days ago though. King T’Challa had come to their common area to tell them that the UN and the USA had accepted to get them back. It didn’t mean that things were good though, just that it was a start and that there was still a lot of work to do to make things better. But all Clint could think about was that he would finally see his family again. God, how he had missed them!Glancing around, he could see his friends showing various degrees of anxiousness. The worst offender being Scott Lang. Clint could actually pity the man, he clearly had no idea what he got himself into when he answered the Captain’s call. He really didn’t deal well with their banishment from their home country. He was on probation back then and even if he had been pardoned for some things, there were still consequences waiting for him back home. Consequences waiting for all of them, whether they wanted them or not.Soon enough, sooner than he realized, he could feel the plane preparing to land and, despite his years of spy activities, he could feel his heartbeat pick up. When the jet touched the ground, he got up and stretched, trying to push his nervousness as far as possible. Then, for the longest seconds ever, the door slowly opened. They all exchanged a look then faced the opening, bracing themselves for what was to come. What they didn’t expect was for a petite woman to be waiting down the stair, a note book in her hands.“Welcome to the Avengers Compound. My name is Red and I run the place,” she said in a monotonic voice. “Here are the badges giving you access to the building. If it doesn’t open a room, it means that you don’t have the clearance necessary.”She then handed to all of them said badges. Once she was done, she took a step back and looked at all of them.“I will guide you through the layout then give you two hours to rest. Afterwards, we will go to the meeting room. There are some people who have to walk you through what’s coming next. Please follow me.” She turned around, leaving them all perplexed. Scott just shrugged then started walking after her, quickly followed by all of them. The silence was heavy. “Here is the waiting area for anyone coming from outside,” she started, after they had all walked through the first set of doors. “Normally there is someone here to check upon the agents and verify that everything is alright before they can proceed to the main area, but today is not a normal day. Please note that only when you’ve been given the ‘go ahead’, you can walk through the doors. Your badges don’t open them.” She flashed her badge to a small screen next to the second set of doors, and after a few second, they opened. “Now, here you have the main area. The compound has been changed since you last came here. Where we came from was the south wing. On the east wing you have the private area with the dorms and all the common areas such as the kitchen and the living room. On the west wing, you have all the official rooms meaning the meeting room, training grounds, medical bay and the gym. North wing is the R&D department. Please don’t bother them, they are quite fussy about interruptions and only go there if asked. Your badges won’t open the doors for you anyway. Questions?”An awkward silence answered her. They all were quite bothered by the clinical welcoming they had received and this overload of information was not what they expected.“I’m sorry, miss, but I’m not sure I understood what your role was here?” finally asked Sam.“I’m the manager of this whole place, though I’m mostly here as a handler for all the avengers members. I’m here to answer your questions, put through any requests you have to the right people and make sure everything runs smoothly” came the unbothered answer.“And how did you come to work here? I mean where do you come from?”“I was hired”, the duh went unsaid. “Any pertinent questions?”“Yes, hm. Where is everyone else?” asked Scott, looking around. “From my understanding, many more people signed up to be Avengers, right?”“It has been decided that you should have the compound for yourself to begin with. The others, who are not on mission right now, will come back later. A formal meeting will be called to introduce everyone officially. Now follow me, I’ll show you your quarters.”They all fell in line behind her, walking towards an elevator.“Your badges give you access to your floor, and your floor only. Same goes for everyone else. If you want someone who doesn’t live on your floor to be here, you will have to go fetch them yourself. You are the only ones of this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Teddy Lupin & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ginny Weasley

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Steve Rogers Sucks
Aftermath

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Teddy Lupin & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ginny Weasley

