Work Text:
After leaving Siberia, Steve had found out that the Avengers had been placed in the Raft, and in good conscience, he went to T’Challa for help. The king had refused, citing his concern for Wakanda and while Steve understood – to some degree, that T’Challa had a country’s reputation to worry about – he had still felt an undercurrent of resentment. That was up until he found the quinjet that they had appropriated waiting in an unassuming corner of the palace.
By the time he had found the jet, it had been one week since his arrival in Wakanda, and six days since Bucky decided to be frozen again. Steve allowed himself a day to prepare – even if he had nothing to prepare – before he hopped into the Quinjet and took off. He found himself opening his mouth to ask FRIDAY to head to the Raft’s location before snapping it shut, remembering that he was all alone now.
The American hero sighed, he didn’t understand why Tony would throw their friends into a supermax prison when all they’d been trying to do was help. There wasn’t anything to be done now anyway, he’d think of what to tell Tony when the man stopped being angry at him.
Steve may not have been as technologically savvy as Tony had been, but he’d still picked up a few things here and there from his time in SHIELD. (Though he tried not to think of the time he worked – however unknowingly – for HYDRA)
One of those things – incidentally – was how to operate a Quinjet enough to fly it.
So he grabbed the pieces of paper that he had brought with him, and started up the jet, flying the plane out of Wakanda.
Steve had to do a double take when he reached the cells holding his teammates. He did a slow turn, horror growing in his chest as he took in the way his friends were imprisoned.
“Oh my god,” he whispered, reaching Wanda’s cell. The girl didn’t even respond, staring blankly at the wall while her collar blinked steadily.
Swallowing the anger and disgust – how could Tony do such a thing? – he quickly went back out into the connecting room, stepping over the bodies of the guards he had taken out. Bending over one of them, he took the man’s rifle and went back to the cells. One by one, he freed them, wincing internally as the glass shattered.
He waved for the Avengers to follow him, “Hurry! We don’t have much time!”
They followed behind him obediently, Clint tugging a catatonic Wanda along beside him. Steve – and Sam – took out any guards that tried to stop them, and before long, they were in the Quinjet, Clint having pushed Wanda to Scott and seated himself in the pilot seat, taking off before Steve could even blink an eye.
The back of the Quinjet closed, shutting out the roar of the ocean. Steve heaved a sigh of relief, turning to kneel in front of Wanda.
“S’good to see you Cap,” Clint called from the front, his tone edgy, “Thought you weren’t coming for us.”
Steve frowned, confused, “Why wouldn’t I?”
Sam shot a scowl at the archer but didn’t answer Steve’s question, instead asking his own, “What happened? Where’s Stark?”
Steve blinked, “Why would you –”, he cut himself off, realization dawning on him, “You’re the one who told Tony where we were.”
Sam shrugged, “He said he wanted to help you, and I believed him, so, Cap, what happened?”
Steve looked away uncomfortably, unsure of how he should respond.
Clint snorted, “Clearly Stark lied to you. Told you you shouldn’t have believed that backstabbing motherfucker.”
Sam glared at him, “You’re one to talk, how could you make such a joke about Rhodes so soon after what happened?” the man turned back to Steve, “Never mind that, what happened Steve?”
Steve shrugged, and Clint sniped, “Obviously Stark didn’t go to help them, otherwise he’d be here.”
“Is that true?” Sam demanded.
Steve pressed his lips together, he didn’t want to tell them what happened, but keeping quiet wasn’t right either so… “There were some – complications.”
Sam closed his eyes and sighed, dropping into his seat.
“Told you – never trust a Stark.” Scott added his two-cents quietly.
Then something about what Sam said made Steve pause in his check on Wanda, “Wait, what happened to Rhodes?”
Sam sighed again, “He and Stark was chasing after you and Barnes, I caught up to them. I think there was some order for Vision to destroy my engines but I dodged it. The blast caught Rhodes right in the reactor and he fell several hundred feet.” He flicked dark, melancholic eyes to Steve, “He’s paralysed.”
Steve felt his breath punch out of his chest – was that why Tony had been so angry? Because he was indirectly responsible for Tony’s best friend’s injury?
The hero didn’t deign to respond to Sam’s statement, and instead turned his focus to Wanda, trying to coax the girl out of her catatonic state.
It didn’t take long for the group of heroes to decide to continue their ‘good work’. Steve told Clint to take them back to Wakanda, where he met with T’Challa to negotiate their stay, repeating the king’s requests back to the team. They all agreed to stay within the wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Anti-Team Cap
Dark Tony
sort of dark tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
None
