Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue 
	Peter would always remember the night of the storm. The way the black clouds covered the evening sky. The way the wind howled that it felt like his whole house was shaking. The way the rain came pouring down so hard, Peter thought it might break a window. But that's not why he would always remember this night. Tonight was the night that Aunt May was taking him away. He didn't know where or why, all he knew was that he didn't want to go. He could hear Aunt May shouting his name from down the hall, looking for him. But Peter would not budge from his hiding spot in the top cabinet of his kitchen. He was no more than four years old, and already small for his age; he could easily fit into tight places. Peter's cabinet shook from the wind outside and he felt tears rising to his eyes. The small boy refused to cry though, he was a big boy now, and big boys don't cry. Peter hugged his knees closer to his chest as he heard his Aunt May getting closer. Sooner than he knew it, his hiding place was revealed and his cupboard was filled with the flickering light from the kitchen. 
“There you are Peter!” Aunt May smiled, taking Peter from his cabinet, “How'd you get up there?” It was a pointless question. Both Peter and May knew very well how he was able to climb up onto the counter and sneak into the cupboards. Just a few weeks ago, when Aunt May took Peter on that junior tour of a science lab, Peter had been bitten by one of their spiders. Ever since then, Peter started to get these strange abilities that made him feel like a real super hero. He could conquer any jungle gym before, but now he was even better at climbing. He could stick to walls! And just recently, Peter was learning to shoot silly string from his wrists, or at least, what looked to be silly string. Peter was much to young to notice, but taking care of a baby super hero was too much work for Aunt May. Wrinkles started to appear on her face, and the bags under her eyes were getting darker. Peter was simply too big of a handful for the ageing lady, and so she decided Peter was better off staying with some friends of hers. 
“C'mon Petey, we're gonna go visit some of my best friends, okay?” Aunt May soothed, needing to stay calm for the sake of her nephew. But Peter shook his head and hung onto her neck more tightly, not wanting to go, “It's gonna be okay Peter, they're gonna have lots of toys for you. Does that sound good?” Again, Peter shook his head. But May had one last trick up her sleeve, “Peter, we're gonna go see my friends, and I need you to be a big boy. Can you do that for me?” This seem to have done it, after a moment of hesitation Peter nodded his head. Even at four years old, he was obsessed with growing up, and at any chance he had to be a big boy, he would take it, “That's a good boy.” Aunt May smiled with relief and ruffled Peter's hair, making it stick up at odd angles. Once at the front door, she set the toddler down and helped him get on his yellow rain coat -which was a size or two too big- and matching rubber boots. With his hood up, he was ready to go. 
The car ride there wasn't very long, but seemed to drag on forever to a four year old. Peter was in the back sitting in his car seat, watching the raindrops fall down the window. Every now and then, Peter would jump at the sound of the thunder, but he wasn't scared, he was a big boy. With an abrupt turn and eventually coming to a stop, a huge tower was now in view of Peter's window. Peter never saw this tower before, but it was at least one hundred Peter's high, maybe more! And if Peter could count past 15, he would certainly feel complied to measure. As Aunt May unbuckled him from his seat and took him out of the car, Peter saw that the tower was even higher than he previously thought. And near the top were these huge letters. He was just learning his alphabet now, but Peter would recognize the  letters S, A, and K. The other three were a bit blurry in his memory. 
	It didn't take long for Aunt May to run inside and get into the elevator. Nobody questioned why she was here, or bothered to stop her. And for a big building such as this one, Peter found it to be surprisingly empty. Why have so much space if no one is gonna use it? 
“Jarvis, take us to the top floor please.” Aunt May spoke and it confused Peter. Who was this Jarvis? That wasn't his name, and no one else was in the elevator. 
“Of course, good to see you again, May.” This time a robotic voice answered and then the elevator started to move. Despite being a big boy, Peter clung to his Auntie a little tighter, ominous voices were a little freaky. 
With a quiet ding, the elevator stopped and the doors parted open. When Aunt May stepped inside the large room, her footsteps echoed and squeaked due to her wet shoes. The room was huge and fairly empty. There was no toys in here, Aunt May had lied. However this time, Peter noted, they weren't alone in the room. Two men were hovering 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
Spideypool
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stony
Implied Thorki - Relationship

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Implied Sexual Content
Implied Smut
They fuck at the end though so beware
Fluff
lots of fluff
Fluff and Angst
Explicit Language
duh - Freeform
It's Deadpool what do you expect

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
Spideypool
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stony
Implied Thorki - Relationship

