Chapter 1: All the People Who Hate Us
    


Summary:

On a mission in Russia, the Avengers make an unexpected discovery, and must mount a rescue.





Chapter Text
It began as a simple surveillance mission in Russia.  Black Widow and Hawkeye infiltrated a group of arms dealers from Department X, which they gladly targeted given the connection to the Red Room.  They followed a long chain of leads that actually had its roots back in the interrogation Black Widow was conducting when Agent Coulson announced Hawkeye's capture by Loki.
Things went so well, they needed an extra pair of hands.  They pulled in Captain America, carefully undercover.  Then Iron Man turned up a connection with Ten Rings while trying to track down some misappropriated Stark Industries weaponry.  So Agent Coulson sent him in because he could control some of that ordnance in case of trouble.  When Dr. Ross discovered a cache of AIM equipment in the same vicinity, she all but threw Banner at them with an admonishment to get the gamma cannons out of the hands of the crazy people.
That's when things stopped going quite so well.
"See, this is what happens when you try to privatize world peace," Hawkeye complained.  "Now all the people who hate us suddenly want to make friends with each other.  This arms exchange could turn into a flaming death trap."
"Quit whining, Robin Hood," said Iron Man as he tapped away at a holographic keyboard.  "This way, we get a whole bunch of bad guys in one place at one time.  We bowl a strike, and none of them will have enough command structure left to bother us for months at least.  The head honchos will be too busy replacing their right-hand men."
"Yeah, but if we drop the ball in the gutter, we're fucked,"   Hawkeye said.  "They have enough firepower to hurt us for real."
"We can't pull out now without scuttling the entire deal," Captain America said.  "They set it up so that if anyone doesn't show, everyone scatters.  Black Widow's our buyer, Hawkeye and I are her bodyguards, we're locked into this deal tonight  and that's it."
"Paranoid little darlings, aren't they," Iron Man muttered.
"It's not paranoia when people really are out to get you," Banner said.
"Less chatter, more work, people," Agent Coulson said firmly.  "We're approaching the drop zone now."  The idea was for the transport to hang back and provide a quick escape in case something went wrong.  "Stick to the plan.  Your first priority is to gain control of the weaponry for sale, unconventional first and then conventional.  Your second priority is to capture or kill the various arms runners, with intent to cripple as many of the criminal organizations as possible.  Get moving."
They got moving.  Agent Coulson monitored their progress on his screen.
The initial stage unfolded as anticipated, everyone in their places around the dark frozen parking lot.  When Black Widow signaled that all the weaponry was on site and in transaction, Iron Man and Hulk ambushed the dealers.  Given the attendees at the event, everyone had expected trouble, but most of them had not  expected the Hulk.  He was a smash hit.  Three of AIM's officers went down under a single blow from a missile that Hulk swung like a baseball bat.  He was still angry about that last lab of theirs.
Black Widow and Captain America worked to corral the Russian hosts, who would be the most useful for questioning as they had arranged the event.  Aware of Department X's role in Black Widow's past, Captain America dropped one fleeing lieutenant with the edge of the shield, shattering his pelvis.  Iron Man targeted the Ten Rings contingent.  Hawkeye provided cover fire for him, putting a broadhead through one terrorist's chest just  to the right of his heart.  Hulk finished folding a lamp post around the surviving AIM leaders.  Then he bounded over to help Iron Man.  Agent Coulson noted their steadily improving teamwork.
That was when the plan came apart at the seams.
The Russians clustered together around an imposing figure clad in black leather who stood out boldly against the snowy background.  Shaggy brown hair hung to his shoulders.  Each hand gripped a massive gun.  He watched the battle with an impassive gaze.  Seeing his firepower blocked by Captain America's shield, he coolly dropped the muzzle to shoot the car under his opponent's feet.  The explosion of the gas tank chased away the shadows to give everyone a clear view of his face.
"That's a positive on the Winter Soldier, sir," said Black Widow.
"Bucky!"  Steve cried in the same instant, and it was definitely Steve rather than Captain America.  His voice was a torrent of shock-joy-grief-guilt.
"Get me a close-up visual on that," Agent Coulson snapped.  The camera zoomed in.  He knew what James Barnes had looked like from certain pieces of Captain America memorabilia.  Strong resemblance, but I can't be sure -- and it is impossible anyway --  Agent Coulson thought, scrambling for an explanation.
"Steer-fucking HYDRA bastards,"   Steve s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Asexuality
Asexual Character
Asexual Relationship
Aromantic
Siblings
Sibling Love
Sibling Rivalry
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Sibling Bonding
Protective Siblings
Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Teamwork
Team as Family
Team Feels
Canon-Typical Violence
BAMF!Avengers
Language of Flowers
Drama
Rescue
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
Friendship/Love
Male Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Science Bros
Confusion
Memory Loss
Amnesia
Past Brainwashing
Past Mind Control
Past Abuse
Current environment is supportive
Bucky!Whump
Emotional Whump
Survivor Guilt
Slow recovery
Nick Fury makes stupid-ass decisions
Fear
Fear of loss
Arc Reactor
Prosthesis
Fluff
No Sex
Nonsexual Ageplay
Age Play
Making up for lost time
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Family Feels
Bruce Banner Feels
Clint Barton Feels
Games
Trust
Trust Issues
Safe Haven
Food
Food Issues
Multiplicity/Plurality
Sleep
sleep issues
Insomnia
Touching
Touch-Starved
Intimacy
Yoga
Personal Growth
Family
Families of Choice
Unconventional Families
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
Obadiah Stane's A+ parenting
Brian Banner's A+ Parenting
all the feels
#coulsonlives
Competency
help that is helpful rather than smothering
Bucky is a mess
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Tony Fixing Bucky's Arm
Consider Your Headspace
Heed Trigger Warnings

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

