Work Text:

Now
Captain Rogers and Tony Stark showed up at his apartment without calling ahead, which Clint felt was a little presumptuous. Then again, once you've killed a shitload of aliens together, a bond forms."Avenger business," Stark said, when Clint opened the door with the chain latch still on. "We come in peace."Clint sighed and undid the chain, gesturing for them to come in."I thought we weren't hanging out, by mutual agreement," he said, rubbing his face."I didn't agree to that. Did you agree to that?" Stark asked, turning to Rogers."I did," Rogers said. "Things have changed.""Okay, I come in peace. Cap has questions," Stark said. Clint led them towards the kitchen, hitching himself up on the counter and waving them into chairs at the breakfast table, still cluttered with plates and an empty pizza box. Stark lifted it with a questioning expression."What's the story?" Clint asked, ignoring him. The two men shared a look, fencing for who would go first, and then Stark spoke."I'm renovating the top floors of the Tower," he said. "As much sense as it made to keep a discreet distance after the attack, I think it's best if we're in a position to assemble quickly. You're officially invited to move in.""What, and leave all this?" Clint inquired, waving at the walls. It wasn't that the place was rundown, but it sure wasn't the glass and new-carpet-smell of Stark Tower."It has its perks," Stark replied. "Privacy. Complete security. Heated swimming pool.""You're on board with this?" Clint asked Rogers, who was examining the two dinner plates on the table with interest."More or less," he said, and looked up at Clint. "I wasn't that attached to my place in Brooklyn.""Too new?"That got a small smile out of him. "Kinda empty.""So, what, is this like a superhero dormitory? We get bunk beds?" Clint asked."Do you need bunk beds?" Rogers said, and then without waiting for Clint to answer, "Who's Izzy?""Where'd you hear that name?" Clint asked."Several places," Rogers replied. "I've been reviewing footage of Loki's incursion and the attacks prior to the main battle. At the Tesseract base when it was taken..."Clint grimaced. "When he got me.""Slightly after," Rogers said evenly. "The radio chatter after the base went down. Coulson asks where Izzy is. He's informed that she's under guard at home. When Coulson contacted Natasha about bringing Dr. Banner in, she asked if Izzy was being taken care of. Camera footage on the Helicarrier is fuzzy during the second attack, but when you were...waking up, the first lucid words you said were Where's Izzy? and Natasha replied she was safe. I'm curious as to who Izzy is."At which point a small girl with pale hair and Captain America pajamas on came into the kitchen, rubbing her eyes. She looked at the men solemnly, then beelined for Clint, who hopped off the counter and gathered her up in his arms, propping her on one hip."Morning Poppa," she said, with a second curious glance at the other two. Stark was openly gaping."Morning, Iz," Clint said, kissing her hair. "Izzy, this is Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark. Captain, this is Isobel, my daughter."Rogers, to his credit, didn't stare (Stark did). His eyes flicked to her and back to Clint, but he smiled. "Hello, Isobel.""Hi," she said, and then looked up at Clint. "I want Kix.""What do we say?""I want Kix please.""Good girl. You know where they are," he said, putting her on the counter. She opened the cupboard and took out a cereal box, plopping down cross-legged next to him and eating fistfuls directly from the box.  "We kinda come as a set," Clint said to Stark.***
Then
It wasn't that Phil Coulson had ever been unobservant, or unaware of everything the agents in his care said and did. If he had been on his game, he would have known what had happened; he might even have known what would happen before it did.But Coulson was recovering from a nasty dunk in an icy river, which had led to hypothermia and also included a broken leg. A week in the hospital and a month of mandatory sick leave was enough to put anyone off their game.He knew, of course, that Natasha and Clint had been in Budapest a year ago, because he'd been with them. It was a clusterfuck of epic proportions involving a Hungarian heiress (innocent of any wrongdoing), two very wrongdoing MI-5 agents, a couple of freelance spies, a pickpocket, and a badly-timed delivery of cocaine. Clint and Natasha had been forced to shoot their way out of a nasty situation.Clint had also at one point been forced -- well, perhaps forced was the wrong word, say situationally presented with an opportunity and inclined -- to seduce the heiress.Phil had told Clint many times: "You need some stability in your life. You need some accountability. You need a dog, or a girlfriend, or a boyfriend. Some individual whose sad eyes will remind you to keep it in your pants.""If I kept it in my pants Natasha would probably be pulling a Fury right now," Clint had told him, and covered his eye with one hand."L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Parenthood
Alternate Universe
Single Parents
Flashbacks
what happens in budapest

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

