Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony came to a stop in the doorway to the bedroom, so suddenly that Steve almost ran into him. “Steve, why is there a dog in our bedroom?” he asked.
Steve pressed himself against Tony’s back, sliding on arm around his waist to hold him close. “That’s Sampson,” he explained, introducing the German shepherd who was sitting up looking at them, tail wagging slightly.
“Yeah, see, I didn’t ask his name, I asked what he was doing here. Steve, why is there a dog in our bedroom?”
Taking a deep breath, Steve said quietly, “Because that’s where I keep all the things I fuck you with.”
In his arms, Tony went very, very still, and all Steve could do was wait. Tony might have handed himself to Steve on a silver platter, but he wasn’t shy about drawing lines about what they did. Butt plugs, orgasm denial, spanking got an enthusiastic yes. Watersports, breathplay, being used as a footstool all got an emphatic no.
“You want me to fuck a dog?” Tony asked quietly.
“No,” Steve said, shaking his head, “I want the dog to fuck you.”
Tony didn’t say anything, but the shudder that ran through him was unmistakable. “That’s sick, you know that, Steve?”
Steve made a thoughtful sound and ran his hands down to Tony’s crotch, feeling the erection that tented his pants. Part of him knew that it was more than a little weird, but Tony would never let him do something he didn’t want. “Maybe,” he replied and squeezed Tony’s cock gently. “But look at you. You’re hard at just the idea of getting fucked by a dog, at the thought of being put on your knees and fucked like a bitch. Who’s sicker, Tony?”
Tony whined and pressed back again Steve. “You’ll stay with me, right?”
“Of course!” Steve hugged him tightly. “I’ll be with you the whole time.”
Tony shuddered again, letting out a long breath. “Okay, let’s give this a shot, then.”
They didn’t do anything that night. Steve wanted Tony and Sampson to get used to each other first. There was a lot of play time, both of the regular kind as Sampson settled in, and the sexual kind as Steve showed Tony how to arouse Sampson and they went over the different mechanics of how it would work. Eventually, after about three weeks, Steve decided that they’d waited long enough. He hadn’t let Tony come since he’d gotten the dog, and Tony was more than a little desperate by now.
Steve led Tony into the bedroom and called for Sampson to follow. “Strip,” he ordered Tony, and went into the bathroom for some towels while Tony peeled his clothes off. Steve laid a large bath towel down on the ground and then folded another up for Tony to kneel on. Then he grabbed some lube and sat down on the edge of the bed, patting his lap. Tony laid across Steve’s lap, spreading his legs so that Steve could begin stretching him.
“Excited?” Steve asked, coating his fingers with lube and slipping two fingers into Tony’s hole. Tony nodded, face hidden against the sheets. “You’re going to be so good for me and Sampson, aren’t you? You’re going to be nice and still so he doesn’t hurt you, right?” Tony nodded again, trembling slightly. “And then, when Sampson’s mounted you and tied you together, you’re going to jerk yourself off. You’re going to come with a dog’s knot in your ass.”
Tony groaned. “Fuck, Steve,” he muttered. “How do you do this to me?”
Steve just smiled and continued to work on opening Tony up. He took his time, ignoring the press of Tony’s erection against his thigh and the way his hips jerked. Finally, when Steve was slipping four fingers in and out of Tony with little resistance, Steve urged Tony off of his lap and down onto the towel. He spent a few minutes arranging Tony until he was satisfied that everything was right, and then he called Sampson over.
Sampson had been trained for this and they’d practiced this part. Steve let Tony tease the dog a bit, coaxing his penis from its sheath, working Sampson to the state where he wanted to mount Tony. When Sampson was excited enough, Steve guided him toward Tony’s ass. The dog sniffed a bit, licked at Tony’s hole a couple of times, and then lifted himself onto Tony’s back. Steve helped guide Sampson in, not wanting the penile bone to tear Tony, but as soon as Sampson had his target, he started thrusting, hard and fast.
Tony gasped, but otherwise didn’t move, holding himself so, so still so that Sampson didn’t hurt him. The thrusting only lasted a couple of minutes before Sampson stilled, holding himself in place, and when Tony gasped again and then moaned, Steve knew the knot was forming.
It shouldn’t have been hot. It really shouldn’t have been, but Steve was hard within his jeans. The sight of his lover, on his knees with his ass up in the air, mounted by a dog, was too much. He thumbed the button open and slid the zipper down, freeing his cock. He stroked himself slowly. “Tell me how it feels.”
“Oh, god,” Tony moaned. “I can feel it, Steve. I could feel his knot forming and then pushing deeper into me and now it’s just sitting there, stretching me, f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bestiality
Puppy Play
Heavy D/s
Open Relationships
Puppy!Tony
Puppy!Clint

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

