Chapter 1: Step Into Christmas
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text





Saturday, November 26th


 

Steve exits Game Stop with yet another plastic bag dangling from his arm as he ticks Sam’s name off his mental shopping list. That new Call of Duty game had been one difficult thing to hunt down, but Steve figures that he owes Sam the struggle, considering the rather expensive drawing tablet Sam got 

him 

last year.


He tucks the bag with the game down into the bag already containing Clint’s espresso kit, along with Nat’s mp3-player and headphones. Given, Steve loves Christmas, but not even 

he

 would normally be spending this much money on buying gifts. (Not to the point that he'd willingly risk life and limb during Black Friday, which was yesterday, anyway.) This year, however, he received a rather hefty bonus from work, so he figures that a few well-deserved surprises won’t hurt anyone. 


He rummages through the bags, going through the list again. Thor, done, even though he won’t be getting his gift until he returns from his family vacation in Norway. Clint, Nat, Bruce, check. Sam, check. That leaves…


“Tony,” Steve sighs, looking back up and out over the crowd in front of him. It’s only late November, but people are already bustling around, keeping the shops busy. Steve doesn’t blame them; Christmas shopping in New York tends to get a bit…hostile the longer one waits to get it done. Which is exactly why Steve is here, trying to finish 

his 

errands sooner rather than later.


Shopping at Staten Island Mall is, in Steve’s opinion, a generally more pleasant experience than shopping at Kings Plaza back in Brooklyn. Staten Island spends more time on their overall decorations, and puts them up way earlier, and Steve’ll be damned if he’s going to do his Christmas shopping without a single snowman or automated santa in sight.


It’s silly, he knows that. Normally, the holiday frenzy is something you tend to grow out of once you hit adulthood, but for Steve, not so much. 


He loves Christmas. He loves the lights, the songs, the food, the snow (even the artificial kind), and he intends to spend the whole of December huddled up in big, oversized Christmas sweaters and soaking up the holiday cheer, every chance he gets.


Tony calls him obsessive, but Nat thinks he’s adorable, so Steve figures he’s got the balance down. And speaking of Tony… 


Steve wanders through the crowd, looking at the many display windows for something that might be suitable for a gift. What the hell do you even get a man who has everything? Even with Steve’s bonus, he’s still not sure if he’ll ever be able to find something he’ll be able to afford, 

and 

will stand up to Tony’s standards.


Not that Tony would be ungrateful for anything Steve might get him, oh, no, that’s not the problem. Steve could get Tony a tea cosy from Goodwill and Tony would most likely love it. It’s just that Steve takes great pride in finding the perfect gifts for his friends, and he’s not gonna let the fact that Tony’s a successful CEO of a successful company stop 

him 

from being a successful Christmas shopper.


For a moment, he considers going up to Armani Exchange to look for a pair of sunglasses – Tony loves his sunglasses – but makes a quick decision that his wallet probably wouldn’t be able to survive as much as crossing the threshold of the store. Instead, he takes a left as he reaches the mall plaza, heading towards Giorgio’s Fine Jewelry. Maybe he can get Tony a gift card for a new watch or something? Or, at least, part of a new watch…


The mass of people is a bit thicker here, but it doesn’t bother him much. With his six foot plus height advantage and broad shoulders, the crowd tends to clear a path in front of him as he approaches out of pure reflex. And should they not, that’s rarely a problem that a hearty smile and a friendly look from blue eyes can’t fix. 


That’s why, as Steve walks past the escalators, his initial reaction to receiving a bump to the shoulder by someone passing by, is genuine surprise. The bump is not hard, and it barely makes him stumble, but something about it still triggers a tiny warning sign in the back of his head, and he stops.


Quickly, he pats down the front of his jacket, and yup, right where the weight of his wallet had been mere moments ago, there is now nothing but an empty pocket.


“Shit…!”


Spinning around, he scans the crowd, and just barely manages to recognise the glimpse of long, dark hair and a black jacket as they disappear behind the big Christmas tree situated right next to the escalator.


Steve doesn’t even stop to think. He sets off running, pushing past the people in his way as efficiently as he can. However, he quickly realizes that the gift bags still clutched in his left hand is going to slow him down way too much, and so, as he passes the kiddy train track running around the Christmas tree, he tosses the bags to the guy manni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Christmas Fluff
Christmas Smut
Christmas fic
Advent Calendar
Advent Calendar 2016
Homeless Bucky Barnes
Punk Bucky Barnes
Scrooge Bucky
Christmas Lover Steve
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Thief Bucky Barnes
Good Samaritan Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Spontaneous Flatmates
Accidental Relationship
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Emotions
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Pierced Bucky Barnes
Angst and Fluff and Smut
drug mention
past trauma
Psychological Trauma
Light breath play
consensual breath play
Light Dom/sub
Caring Steve
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Light BDSM
Alcohol
Drunken sex
tipsy sex
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

