Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony’s made many mistakes in his life. Some easily dismissed and forgotten, some just extremely embarrassing for him to learn from. And some that have fundamentally changed his life and turned it on its head.Long before Afghanistan and finding out about his empire built on ashes, one such mistake happens.Except Tony doesn’t like to call it a mistake, because…well. His mistakes have never, ever produced a good thing - before, or since then.Honestly, he could go as far as to call this event a singularity, something that stands above and apart from the other parts of Tony’s life… mostly because he willed it so. Wanted to keep this precious, important thing safe, and leave it unsullied by Tony Stark and everything that came with that name.It happened like this.It was nearing midnight on New Year's Eve, 2000. The celebrations ushering in the birth of a new millennium were in full-swing across the country.Tony was in one of the fanciest nightclubs in New York, mixing all sorts of drinks and drugs in highly inadvisable combinations and dancing with two up-and-coming supermodels. So basically ushering in the new year in his typical fashion. The natural progression of the night should’ve been Tony getting increasingly inebriated, followed by a threesome at his hotel suite, which would probably find its way to the internet as a sex tape a few days down the line, released by said supermodels for their ten minutes in the spotlight as Tony Stark's latest scandal.Only, that wasn't what happened that night.Instead, when Tony headed to the bar to down a couple more shots of tequila, someone took the seat next to him. A lovely, female someone that Tony found himself immediately captivated by, though he couldn’t exactly tell you why, even to this day.She was nowhere near as hot as the sultry girls he was just dancing with, wouldn’t even make the top fifty list of the most gorgeous people he had been with till then. But there was a quiet gravity to her, an intelligence in her eyes and a melancholy dignity to her spine that had Tony instantly forgetting all about the two girls he was with.In hindsight, he now knows she never would have given him the time of day if she hadn’t emotionally been where she was, fresh on the grief of being widowed barely a fortnight ago and desperate for any distraction that could pierce through the numb loneliness.But, on that night, she let him buy her drinks and chat her up, let him kiss her at midnight on the dance floor and take her to his suite for the night.When he finally woke up around noon the next day, bleary-eyed and hungover, she was already gone. Tony didn’t think anything of it. It was hardly the first time one of his one night stands disappeared before he woke up.He did not expect to see her ever again. Certainly not ten months later, sitting across from him in his living room, with a blue-wrapped bundle in her arms.She told him she was going to name him Peter, and give him her maiden surname ‘Parker’. She told him she wouldn’t have showed him Peter at all, except that it felt wrong to take the choice to be involved or not in Peter’s life away from him.Tony, being who he was at the time, took the coward’s way out.He threw money at her, and when she refused it, strong-armed her into accepting child support and a trust fund for the kid’s future. He was then more or less prepared to vanish from the kid’s life.Except fate was a cruel bitch.He never expected to be standing at Mary Parker’s grave little over a year later, cheek still smarting from the punch her brother Benjamin had thrown when he set eyes on Tony, his wife May standing to the side holding the sleeping toddler protectively.Tony followed them to their little, one-story home in Forest Hills, Queens to discuss what was going to happen next. Watching the newly-wed couple, younger than him but already so much more responsible and loving and in control, he knew it was for the best to leave Peter with them and never let their circles meet again.And that was that.He had still kept tabs on the kid – being a genius and having an AI that can crack any database let you do that pretty easily. Not to mention a certain kind-hearted aunt, who sent Tony pictures of the kid once in a while through a private and encrypted e-mail account he'd set up just for that purpose.When he woke up hungover after a conference in Switzerland in 2004, it was to JARVIS alerting him to pictures from Peter’s third birthday party. He knew when Peter was directly bumped into primary school instead of kindergarten because he was recognized as a budding genius. On that fateful morning in Afghanistan, before everything changed, Tony had been watching a local news video about Peter winning the National Under-13 Science Olympiad, at the tender age of 8. But no one else knew about Peter, not even Pepper or Rhodey, and Tony kept well away from the Parker family.Even when he desperately wanted to reach out and try to forge a relationship with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor Liz Allan/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Superfamily (Marvel)
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Has a Family
Parent-Child Relationship
Tony Stark Feels
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gives Excellent Hugs
Slow Burn Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Civil War Fix-It
Slow Burn Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Alternate Canon

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor Liz Allan/Peter Parker

