Chapter 1: Belated Learning
    


Summary:

A Steve interlude. Learning history both global and personal opens up new perspectives.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
For Steven Grant Rogers all his life had been a fight. Born sickly, he'd begun his life in a fight for survival against his own body. The Great Depression and a father lost to World War I meant getting necessities was a struggle throughout his childhood and there were always bullies trying to take what little he had or trying to build themselves up at his expense. And every time he failed Bucky was there to fight on his behalf. Then the war began and Steve had to fight to be allowed to fight, fight not to be left behind. He fought to save Bucky and succeeded. And then there was the war and HYDRA. He fought to save Bucky again and lost and was relieved to find an excuse to stop fighting - stop existing. Only he hadn't and when he woke up from the ice there was an alien invasion to fight and HYDRA. He fought Bucky and fought to save him and was left in limbo, not knowing if he'd succeeded or failed. And still there was HYDRA to fight then Ultron and HYDRA yet again. And then the world that had always needed him to fight, demanded that he fight, ordered him to stop and he fought that. He fought the world when it threatened Bucky. After the trial, after being sentenced Steve found himself with nothing left to fight for or to fight against, nothing to do except try to work out where everything went wrong.He found himself drawing the fight with Tony over and over again, trying to get it out of his head, to make some sense out of what had happened by putting it on paper. Between his eidetic memory and the autopsy report General Ross gleefully presented him with there was very little about the fight that he couldn’t picture, couldn’t reproduce with startling clarity or in strange abstract when he tried to let his hands work through what he wasn’t seeing.Steve was relatively certain he’d paired up every injury, every dent in the armor with a particular moment in the fight. Tony’s armor had been strong, it protected him from so much but it had also been compact, every cubic inch packed with circuitry and servos to control and power it. Once the armor finally gave it collapsed along the path of least resistance, into the pilot’s body. It was readily apparent in the pictures from the autopsy report, they’d had to cut the chest plate off of Tony’s body because it had been too compromised to release normally. In cross-section there was no way for Steve not to see that for every inch the edge of his shield had penetrated into the armor it had pressed the metal at least three-quarters of an inch into Tony’s ribs and lungs.During the fight it hadn’t occurred to Steve to think about what was under the metal. As the fight escalated he’d all but forgotten that there was flesh and bone beneath the armor. If Tony’s face plate hadn’t broken free Steve couldn’t honestly swear to himself that he wouldn’t have taken Tony’s head clean off in those last few seconds of the fight. Whenever that thought surfaced in Steve's mind he would find himself drawing the aftermath of the fight, the part he hadn’t seen: Tony slowly dying as his broken ribs punctured his lungs and left him to suffocate, drowning in his own blood. ‘If I'd known, if I'd realized, if I'd checked- I was so worried about Bucky it didn't even occurred to me to make sure Tony was okay. He had been conscious and talking, defeated but still defiant, still angry, lashing out with his words, still trying to avenge his parents and that was good enough for me. I gave Tony his one last strike. I dropped the shield and walked away with Bucky, never once looking back even though the first thing any teammate, any friend of Tony’s, learned was to never trust Tony to tell you if he was hurt. I should have checked but I was so certain that FRIDAY would have help coming, that Tony was okay. How was I supposed to know that Vision would chose the Accords over Tony’s safety?’Even after Sam, Clint and Scott joined him in his imprisonment Steve didn’t stop drawing. It was obvious, painfully obvious in retrospect, that he should have told Tony about his parents years ago. ‘If I’d told Tony Siberia never would have happened. Even if I wasn’t able to make Tony see reason, understand that it was HYDRA, not Bucky who was to blame for his parents’ murder Siberia still wouldn’t have happened. Either Tony would have refused to come out of hatred for Bucky or he would have decided to put aside their differences to face the threat of the Winter Soldiers before he came, either way Zemo’s scheme would have amounted to nothing if Tony had already known about his parents. I condemned us all when I chose to hide the truth. I should have listened to myself when I was berating Tony for keeping secrets. I should have told him.’ But there was something else, something about the fight itself t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Historical References
Introspection
Pro-Accords
in ch.7
Eye Trauma
Suicide Attempt
Not Steve Friendly
Steve Rogers is Stubborn
And wrong
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

