Work Text:
It happened like this:Tony had his face buried against Steve's chest as he thrust into him, mouthing sloppily at one nipple, then the other, before returning to press his nose right in between the cleavage and panting harshly. And Tony said, in a state of near-orgasm:“Fuck, Steve: you have fantastic tits.”And Steve had replied with: “Tits are what ladies have, Tony.”And Tony had just shuddered and thrust into Steve harder, mouth working at his breasts. And let the issue drop, because he was too preoccupied with shooting his load so deep into Steve that he'd be brushing it out of his teeth tomorrow morning.That was how it had started. Just some innocuous comment while Tony was balls-deep in Steve and too far gone to follow it through.The next day, though, it was all Tony could think about. He stared at Steve as he brushed his teeth in the morning—heh—eyes locked onto the way Steve's pectorals moved and flexed beneath his glowing, perfect skin. He stared at Steve's chest when he drank orange juice and fried his eggs that morning. Tony was practically hypnotized by Steve's breasts bouncing rhythmically when he killed a heavy bag in the gym and did push-ups in the living room while Clint sat on his back and watched TV. He thought about those tits as he worked in the lab, keeping one camera on Steve as he went to SHIELD HQ and sorted out whatever they needed from him that day. By the time Steve went up to their room that night, Tony was stumbling over his own erection to meet him there.“I want to fuck your tits tonight.” Tony licked the words into Steve's teeth.Steve pulled away, looking vaguely hurt up at Tony. “I don't have breasts.” he glance down at his chest. “Do you miss being with someone with breasts?”“Oh, no, gorgeous: you don't understand.” Shimmying his way down Steve's body, Tony pressed his face between Steve's breasts. He dragged his teeth over them, licked lines of saliva over the smooth hills with his tongue. Turning his head, Tony latched onto one nippled, biting down on it hard and increasing pressure until he heard a small hiss escape from Steve's lips. He released the erect nub from his teeth, only to suck savorously on it and lave the swollen, sore skin with his tongue. A soft whimper, that evoked.Releasing the nipple with one last, gentle lick, Tony glanced up at Steve. His lips were still wet and kiss-swollen, his cheeks flushed. He was staring down at Tony with dark confusion.“You don't understand,” Tony repeated. “You have fantastic tits.”“Ungh?” was the closest thing to the noise that Steve made at that.Moving over to his other breast, Tony rubbed his face all over it, getting it sloppy wet with his tongue and mouth. He drooled freely over the breast, wiping his saliva everywhere with his cheek. His hips were rocking against Steve's, sticky moisture pooling between them there, too. But Tony was focused on Steve's breasts tonight: not his cock, not his asshole. No, it was these beautiful, bounteous, bouquets of breasts that Tony wanted to fuck tonight.And generally speaking: Tony got what he wanted. Case in point: Captain America was writhing naked beneath him on his three thousand thread count egyptian cotton sheets.Sliding one hand up to Steve's mouth, Tony sucked on his breast as Steve obediently did the same to his fingers, getting them nice and wet. After a moment Tony extricated them from Steve's mouth, pressing a loving little kiss to his hard nipple for the service. Then he pinched that nipple, viciously, between his wet fingers.Steve moaned and bucked up against Tony, body shivering with delight. Tony grinned and twisted the nipple harder between his fingers, while at the same time moving back to the first nipple and biting down on it. Steve moaned and bucked again, dick leaking precome all over both their bellies, getting them slick and sticky with the viscous fluid.Not letting up on his two-fold assault, Tony mouthed against Steve's pink flesh: “You love that, don't you? Feels good?” A moan and rapid head-nod from Steve, blond hair flopping against his forehead and sticking to the sweat beading there. Tony hummed and lovingly sucked on Steve's nipple some more, not forgetting to twist and pinch the other one between his fingers. “You've got better tits than a woman's, Steve. And so fucking sensitive. They're sensitive, aren't they? You like it when I play with them like this, don't you?” Again, an answering moan.Tony's hips were seeking relief of their own accord, grinding down against Steve's in a smooth, easy rhythm. But his dick didn't belong down there tonight. Grinning to himself, Tony lifted his head long enough to spot the lube on the nightstand next to Steve's head. Perfect.“Pass me the lube,” Tony ordered, tapping lightly at Steve's chest.Steve moved to comply immediately, body arching against Tony's as he threw his hand to the side, fumbling for the little plastic bottle. When he finally got it he practically threw it at Tony's head, coordination mostly sho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Breast Fucking
Titty Fucking
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
PWP
Bottom Steve
Dirty Talk
Nipple Play
Roleplay
(kinda)
Breasts
Nipples

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

