Work Text:
It’s not every day that Bucky finds himself necking with a national icon in the middle of the deserted 6th Avenue, especially after an attack by a swarm of tiny robots.It’s pretty awesome, though. 10/10, would do again, maybe without the robots.Steve stops sucking a hickey on Bucky’s neck only when his earpiece crackles into life and someone yells loud enough for Bucky to hear,  “Rogers! Quit making out with Nurse Jackie and get moving! Pizza in the Tower in thirty minutes.” “Ugh,” Steve says against the stubble on the underside of Bucky’s jaw. “I hate Stark.”“Me too. Stark’s gonna wish I had Jackie’s Vicodin addiction if he keeps that up,” Bucky laments and pushes himself off the car Steve pressed him against. “You better go. You have my number.”Steve visibly hesitates, looking down at his hands, still cradling Bucky’s hips. “You could… come with me?” He glances up at Bucky and quirks a small smile. “I promise to look away if you want to punch Tony.”Bucky considers it. It definitely sounds appealing, and free pizza? Fucking  ace. “Alright,” he says. “But if Stark shoots me with one of those lasers, I’m blaming you.”Steve kisses his brow and brushes a loose lock of hair behind Bucky’s ear. “Deal.”So Steve ends up taking him to Stark Tower for The Tiny Robot Attack Pizza Debrief™. A couple of blocks away from their destination, they bump into Falcon, who takes one look at Steve’s messy hair, the hickey under Bucky’s jaw and the cellphone Bucky’s clutching in his hand, rolls his eyes and says, “Fucking  finally.”“Sam,” Steve says defensively, sounding almost hurt, and squeezes Bucky’s hand tighter.Falcon rolls his eyes again, then extends his hand to Bucky, grinning. “Sam Wilson. Good to meet you, god knows Steve apparently can’t do any romantic declarations without a disaster.”Bucky stuffs his phone into the pocket of his jeans and shakes Sam’s hand. “Bucky Barnes. The poor fella who has almost the same number as you.”“Well, thanks for taking his faux-emergency calls. Looks like it had a positive outcome in the end,” Sam says, looking smug as shit as he eyes the hickey again. Bucky likes him.**“Ah, it’s Bucky with the good hair!” Stark pops up from behind a wall of monitors as they enter his lab. “Did Steve call you? He only wants me when I’m not there, so he must have.”“Wow,” Bucky says with enthusiasm so fake that his teeth ache with it. “You’re so witty! I definitely have never heard that joke before.” He pulls his hands out of his pockets and gives Stark double middle fingers. “Look, I even know the dance moves to that song.”Stark points at him with his index finger. “Steve, are you gonna keep him? I like him already.”Steve rolls his eyes and puts his hand on the small of Bucky’s back. “Gee, Tony, last time I checked I wasn’t Bucky’s keeper.”“Nah, you’re definitely a  keeper, alright,” Bucky says in the sappiest voice he can muster and bats his eyelashes at Steve. Steve blows him a kiss, and they both start sniggering.Stark looks between the two of them, groaning. “Are you telling me that Cap finally found someone with the same terrible sense of humor? Wilson, I know you had something to do with this.”Behind them, Sam shrugs. “Steve’s tryna roll me up,” he says, spreading his hands. “But I ain’t picking up.”Stark swears a little. “Sam, don’t encourage them.”“I ain’t thinking about you,” Steve says, showing some delightful pop culture knowledge and pointing at Sam and Stark, before cupping Bucky’s jaw and giving him a very nice example of his tongue skills.“Let me take you out on a date,” Steve pleads when he detaches his mouth from Bucky’s. Stark’s making retching noises, and Steve glares at his direction. “Without  the peanut gallery.”“Gladly,” Bucky says and kisses him again, just to annoy Stark. “But it’s gotta wait until the level of grossness between us isn’t this high.”“Aw, doll,” Steve replies, but he’s smirking. “I don’t think you’re gross. Just a little dirty.”“I was talking about you, asshole,” Bucky says. “Do you even know what you smell like?”Steve replies by rubbing his dirty forehead against Bucky’s equally nasty cheek like a cat. Bucky swears at him.“Damn,” Stark whispers. He’s filming them on his cellphone. “This is like watching a trainwreck in slow motion, I can’t look away.”Sam cuffs Stark on the ear. Bucky definitely likes him.**Steve does take him out, four days after their initial meeting.Bucky takes three days of sick leave because his flanks are so sore from bashing the robots with a baseball bat that he can barely get out of bed. Then he’s given two more days off because apparently he’s some kind of a hero, and his boss is proud of him. A video of him stitching up a kid’s bleeding leg and cracking a robot in the head with the bat at the same time has over a million views on YouTube.Bucky’s pretty impressed by himself when he sees it. Who knew he looked that cool? Also, those jeans do  wonders  for his ass.He’s relieved when no blurry videos of him and Steve making out o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Smooth Steve Rogers
Fluff and Humor
Sequel
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Swearing
so much swearing
Also sass because it's a Side bitch sequel
Angst and Humor
Light Angst
Nurse Bucky Barnes
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

