Work Text:
For forty-some years, the only people who knew were Howard and Jarvis and the guide, handsomely paid and sworn to secrecy, who taught Tony how to shield himself.In the span of five minutes, all of that effort has fallen into pieces at Tony's feet.He stares at the screens, barely hearing the sound of Hill's voice over the pounding of his heart. The fortress looks like something out of a comic book, built from a combination of concrete and a revolutionary space-age polymer. There is not an ounce of metal anywhere in the place according to SHIELD, which really makes Tony wonder about their technology - FRIDAY isn't detecting anything that she can hack, which means their systems might be pretty damn rudimentary. When Hydra makes a plan to take down Magneto, they don't do it lightly. It's not Magneto in there though. It's Wanda, and right now none of them know how they're going to get in. The place is sealed up from head to toe; even if they could make it past the shields, there are literally no windows or visible doors. And not a single person has gone in or out in over forty-eight hours. Not even Natasha would be able to worm her way in. The only flaw in the whole structure are the pipes through which water and sewage pass, but they're about ten inches across at the most. A tight squeeze for a small animal, never mind a human. "We have to do something," Steve says, sounding like he's about two seconds away from just throwing his shield at the front of the fortress and damn the consequences. Tony blinks and turns to look at him, startled."You saw the footage, Captain," Hill says. "If you charge in there, there's an excellent chance they'll just kill Wanda before you even get to the front door." She folds her arms, looking tense. "Vision is on the way, but his E.T.A. is approximately twelve hours -""We can't wait that long!""What do you propose we do?" Hill demands. "We're out of options."Not entirely. Tony swallows hard. His throat feels like sandpaper. Fear and nerves make his fingers cold, and he flexes them unconsciously. Forty years. He can practically feel the force of Howard's glare on his back, daring him to say or do anything to compromise their carefully built facade. No one alive knows that Tony Stark is a guide, not even Rhodey or Pepper or T'Challa. There have been times that Tony wanted to tell them, but the thought of the inevitable backlash if the secret got out always stopped him. Which means that no one knows that he's been in close proximity to both of his sentinels for the past seven years. He planned on dying without ever saying a word to any of them. Then, if they found out after he was dead, it didn't really matter anymore.He didn't plan on dying today, but sometimes that's life. It would almost be a blessing to not have to deal with anyone's reactions at this point."This is stupid," Steve says, looking around the room. Sam and Natasha meet his gaze without flinching. Bucky, near the front of the room, is busy re-examining the blueprints SHIELD's managed to gather for the fifteenth time. Tony looks at him for only a second before dropping his gaze. After all this time he should be used to the feel of Steve's anger and frustration battering at his shields, an unconscious move on Steve's part, but right now it hurts all over again.While Hill and Steve continue to argue, Tony takes the opportunity to slip out of the room. The jet is grounded some fifty feet away from the fortress; agents have been back and forth doing recon so many times that there's a trail. Tony walks it alone, his mind (for once) not buzzing with anger or grief or anxiety. He feels surprisingly calm. The mark on his inner thigh burns a little, the way it always does when Steve or Bucky is upset. The feeling is easily shunted aside, though, because it's going to get worse before it gets better.Everyone is going to be so mad, and yet the only thought in his head is that he wishes he could see T'Challa again.He makes it to the edge of the fortress by himself, but is not all surprised when Natasha is the one to sashay by him and stick a hand against the shield. It crackles with electricity against her palm. Beside her, Sam makes a thoughtful sound and crosses his arms. Steve glares at the shields like they've done something to offend him personally. Bucky is less focused on the shields and more focused on making sure that Steve doesn't do anything stupid. None of them deal well with standing still."If we could get in there," Tony begins."As long as we could make sure Wanda is safe, we could raise hell," Sam says, picking up on his train of thought instantly. "But there's no way to get in. We're stuck waiting on Vision.""Hill mentioned the pipes."Natasha holds up three fingers. "Three times a day, they flush the system. I've investigated the possibility of slipping something into the water, but it didn't pan out. They have a filtering system set up under ground. You should feel it in the next ten minutes. The ground s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Guide!Tony
Sentinel!Steve
Sentinel!Bucky
Spirit Animals
Animal Transformation
they can transform into their spirit animals
kitten tony
bear bucky
horse steve
yes that's right steve is a horse
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
tony stark throws biology in the garbage
a twist on an old classic
Protective Tony Stark
Protective T'Challa
Possessive Steve Rogers
except it doesn't work out so well for him this time
brave tony stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
the team is back together
but things are still tense
tony's been keeping secrets
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Cuddling
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Soulmates
kinda soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
tony doesn't care about soulmates

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

