Work Text:
Out of all the places Tony thought he’d end up, a small town in the middle of nowhere was never on the list.He hesitates to even call it a town- it’s more of a slowly dying rest stop that gets the occasional visitor from people taking the scenic route. Or more often, people who get terribly lost.There isn’t much to it. There are some tiny houses along with an equally small motel, grocery store, liquor store, chemist and a mechanic. The nearest post office is an hour’s drive away. Pit Stop  is Tony’s contribution to the so called ‘town.’ It’s a series of cramped rooms with a garage out the back that Tony’s converted into a small mechanic business since he packed up and moved over a year ago.As businesses go, it’s far from booming. As towns go, it’s the least flashiest place Tony’s stayed in for longer than a week.Still, it works. Tony keeps to himself and so far no-one’s recognized him as Tony Stark, the CEO billionaire who gave both titles over to his PA and disappeared 14 months ago. The official story is PTSD, which is believable enough after being held hostage in Afghanistan for three months. The unofficial story has something to do with the armored, flying men that had fought each other in Manhattan the night before Tony’s disappearance.The reality sits somewhere in between. Tony still insists it’s not PTSD, that he’s perfectly fine, thank you very much. He just needed a breather. He needed some time without cameras being shoved in his face asking about his time in captivity; time to come to grips with the fact that the guy who for the past 20 years was makeshift father figure tried to have Tony killed and then took it into his own hands when Tony proved stubborner than expected.He needs some time. He’s not sure when that time is going to be up, but he knows he’ll have to return eventually, take back the mantle of CEO of Stark Industries from Pepper. But the more he stays in hiding, the more he’s considering just… staying like this.It’s a thought that makes him balk on the best of days. He’s going stir-crazy here, where the days widen into long, lazy stretches and keep plodding on until it’s been over a year and the idea of going back to the epicenter of it all scares him just as much as the thought of staying here for the rest of his life.Mostly, he tries not to think about it. He keeps himself distracted, tinkers with cars and his house- if it can be called a house- and improves the amour he’d used to fly here. It stays in the corner of his garage, covered in a tarp unless Tony has the garage closed and it’s late and he’s full of pent-up  something , the same relentless pull that had grabbed him after he’d come back from Afghanistan.He does his best to push down these urges when he can. Lately, the amour has stayed under that black tarp, but one day he finds himself standing in front of it, staring at the black space where the face would be if it were uncovered.When he realizes he has a hand pressed against his chest where the arc reactor’s glow is invisible under his thick shirt, he forces his hand back to his side.He’s restless again, which had been his permanent state back when he’d first arrived and was setting up shop. It’d crawl under his skin, make it impossible to sit still for days on end. Nowadays, it’s faded into a dull ache.Tony cocks his head at the covered amour. Even with the tarp, Tony can pull up every detail about the suit in his mind’s eye. There’s not much to improve. Right now, he’s mostly been pulling it apart and piecing it back together.A voice startles Tony from his thoughts. “Are you open?”Tony twitches forwards to cover the armour before realizing there’s nothing to cover. Still, he spins around like he’s been caught doing something he shouldn’t.“Actually, I was just about to-” Close up never makes it out of his mouth. Tony finds himself swallowing over a suddenly dry throat.Standing in the entrance to his garage, haloed by late afternoon sun, is a man standing next to his motorcycle. From a glance, the motorcycle is a thing of beauty, but it’s the man who has Tony’s words sticking to the roof of his mouth.It’s not that he’s gorgeous. Or, it’s not just that he’s gorgeous- the man has eyes to die for and a body to suit. He’s broad everywhere apart from his waist, and he’s sporting a worn pair of jeans, a plain shirt and a jacket. He has a duffel bag over one shoulder and he’s covered ankles-down with the yellow dust that makes its way into everything out here.The yellow dust pricks over the rest of him as well, which makes Tony assume he didn’t just arrive here. Not that he could’ve- if the guy lived around here, Tony would’ve noticed him, and the only other way to get to the town is to travel a long while down the road that leads to it.Tony doesn’t know what it is. The man reminds him of someone, and whoever it was must’ve been something, because there’s a moment where a flint lights up behind Tony’s ribs, an old spark from when he had been building the suit in the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fate & Destiny
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

