Work Text:
Tony is enjoying the sudden downswing in villainous activity, using his free time to catch up on some of his projects and spend time with Pepper. Or at least, that’s what he tells himself, because it’s not as if he misses putting on the armor and kicking villain ass. It’s just that he doesn’t want to get out of shape, or anything.So maybe he misses it a bit, but going three weeks without a single incident -- not even giant rats in the sewer -- means that everyone else is starting to feel it too. They’re overdue for a Loki-related explosion by almost seven months, and overdue for at least six smaller pranks as well. (Loki usually keeps a pretty reliable schedule, one major attack per year and a smaller mayhem-causing event every month.)And that’s just Loki.They haven’t heard a peep from Doom since he holed up in Latveria two months ago, HYDRA seems to be taking some vacation time after their last ass-kicking, AIM is still suffering from the backlash of Thor’s epic electronic revolution, the Wrecking Crew haven’t managed to break out of jail yet, and the lesser-known villains are getting so pathetic that it’s actually better to just let the NYPD handle it. Apparently, sending the Avengers to deal with that teenager who could control bunnies with her mind was deemed ‘excessive force’ and not well received by the public at large.Whatever.Tony ducks into the nearest, hippiest-looking store he can see. If he’s lucky, they will be able to point him towards a gluten-free vegan ice cream with chocolate “substitute” of all the godforsaken things (he is starting to have his doubts about where Bruce is on the scale between genius and insanity). He takes a minute to peruse the store for any of the dirty, scary hippie types who want to either condemn him for his consumption of precious metals or gush about clean energy at him. The coast is clear, but probably won’t stay that way for long.Do places like this have an ice cream aisle?Tony sees a sign that says “Rice Cream!” and manfully represses the urge to sob in despair. Bruce is absolutely never going to have ice cream again, if this is the shit he’s going to bring into Tony’s house. “Dear God,” He mutters to himself, opening the freezer and rummaging through the tubs. Most of them seem to be in various flavours of boring or gross, and he’s not seeing anything chocolatey. Does it need to be fake chocolate? Why can’t Bruce have normal chocolate like a normal person?Oh, right. Caffeine. That would probably not be a good thing. He’d hate to see Hulk with a withdrawal headache.“Hmm, I see. Are you sure it’s safe? I’ve been warned about putting an infant on a restrictive diet, you know, and I really wouldn’t want to do anything to harm her--”Tony raises his head from the depth of the world’s most depressing ice cream freezer. He knows that voice. That is a familiar voice, a voice that is known to him.“Well, we’re still breastfeeding for at least another six months, but I’m not sure if a change in my diet will affect the quality of breast milk. I’d hate to be depriving her of any essential nutrients at this key stage in her development,” the voice continues.It’s Loki.Loki is standing in the grocery store.Loki is standing in the grocery store, wearing his armor-- complete with helmet-- and talking to the terrified-looking woman sitting behind a cheerful “Ask a nutritionist!” sign.Tony very carefully re-inserts his head into the world’s saddest ice cream stash and digs his phone out of his pocket, hitting speed-dial 4 to connect him to Steve. Please, let Steve pick up his phone, he prays, except that’s probably not specific enough.Dear God, Tony thinks very carefully. If you exist, and I have my doubts about that but we’ll discuss the matter some other time -- please ensure that Steve has remembered to charge his phone, and he’s also remembered to bring his phone with him today, that he hasn’t accidentally left it in airplane mode, remembered to turn the ringer back on after his most recent trip to the theatre, and that he will pick up the phone when I call him.“Hello?” Steve’s voice sounds confused. “Is anyone there?”“Shh,” Tony hisses at the phone. “Cap, I’m hiding in a frozen wasteland of despair, and Loki is harassing a nutritionist. What do I do?”The best thing about being friends with Captain America is that he always knows what to do.There is silence from his phone, then, “Tony? Is that you? Why are you whispering?”“Loki is here!” Tony whispers. “Loki! God of Bullshit and Fuckery! Here!”“Are you hurt? We’ll have backup there for you in ten minutes!” Captain America says. “Give me a sitrep -- are there any casualties?”“Um, no, no, he’s not like, doing anything. He’s talking.” Tony ducks his head back to check. “Yeah, he hasn’t spotted me, and I’d like to keep it that way since I don’t think this grocery store could survive the damages of a real fight in here.”“What is he doing in the grocery store?” Captain America sounds confused.Tony thinks about this, replayi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Babies
Crack
The Author Regrets Nothing
Parenthood
Parents & Children
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Warning: Loki
Loki's Kids
Sorry Not Sorry
Team Dynamics
I Don't Even Know
What Have I Done
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff and Crack
Attempt at Humor
Humor
Children
References to Norse Mythology
Villain Loki

fandom: 
None
