Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony hated glitches. Fortunately, he didn’t come across them very often, but when he did, they were just a pain. His brain was so awesome he could usually spot the miscalculation, and in the event that he couldn’t, JARVIS’s assistance was something Tony could always count on – which made him more awesome, since JARVIS was his creation. However, when there was a glitch whose root Tony couldn’t find no matter how hard he looked for it, frustration tended to take over him. Not being able to figure out what the problem was meant Tony had been too much time working and he needed to take a break. Exhaustion was the reason he made the mistake in the first place. The only way to vanish exhaustion was resting. Taking a break and resting in the middle of a project was something Tony loathed as much as glitches. “Show me the equations again, JARVIS,” Tony ordered as he rubbed his temples. He really missed those days where he could work for days in a row without having to deal with headaches.“Don’t bother JARVIS,” Steve said behind him, startling him a little. Tony also missed those days when JARVIS would ask for his authorization before letting anyone in his workshop, “there’s no need to show anything, he’s leaving,” Steve added, looking up, a habit Tony hadn’t been able to break even if he had told Steve thousands of times that JARVIS wasn’t in the roof. On the contrary, Tony found himself a couple of times doing the same. Without further delay, Steve placed himself next to Tony and slid his hands under Tony’s arms, lifting him into the air with great ease. The stool on which Tony was sitting swing and fall down, the noise it made echoed in the almost totally silent room. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Tony asked annoyed, glaring at the goofy smiling Steve. Tony didn’t like when Steve lifted him up by his armpits and just left it there hanging. It made his stomach twist and, worse, it made him feel uncomfortably small. Damn Steve and his non-human strength which allowed him to pick Tony up like if he weighted as much as a child. “Taking you upstairs. You’re getting a bath, something to eat and then you’re going to bed,” Steve informed, a bit too happily for Tony’s taste, “how does that sound?” he asked, earning a glare and a kick on the chest, “uh-oh, someone is a little cranky,” Steve said, wincing. Tony was sure Steve was just faking, without the suit, he couldn’t really hurt him. “I’m not. Just put me down and let me go back to work,” Tony demanded, trying to cross his arms over his chest to look more menacing, but Steve’s hands being under his armpits didn’t quite let him achieve that, and he ended up looking awkward as his folded arms were too far from his chest. “That’s not happening and you know it,” Steve claimed, moving a bit away from Tony, just in case he decided to kick him again. “Why the hell not?!” Tony shrieked.“What day is today?” Steve asked, taking Tony slightly aback due to the sudden change of topic. “Saturday?” “Saturday,” Steve echoed, his tone of voice implying something Tony understood perfectly well.“I don’t want to,” Tony mumbled, looking away. He could feel how the heat started to accumulate in his cheeks. “Sorry baby, that’s not an option anymore,” Steve notified him, finally bringing him down. Though Steve didn’t put him back on the ground, instead, he placed Tony against his hip, a hand providing him support under his butt. Tony didn’t argue at all, he simply threw his arms around Steve’s neck and let his head rest on his shoulder. It never ceased to amaze Tony how comfortable it was. “We’ve got a deal,” Steve reminded him. And they had indeed.

- - - -
It turned out what they had been doing without even realizing it had a name: age play – play, as Steve later began to call it. Although it had taken Tony some time to find about it.All the treating-him-like-a-kid thing had gotten on his nerves very badly. Tony had reached a point where he kicked anyone out of the Tower for days at the slightest provocation, like using endearment nicknames meant for kids to address him or choosing an animated movie whenever they gathered to spend some quality time. He had had the need to put a stop to everything, otherwise, he was afraid everyone would keep taking the liberty of bossing him around as they wished – if Tony wanted to feed on just junk food and spend almost the entire week locked in his workshop, he wanted to be able to do so, damn it!Eventually, everybody stopped commanding him to do things, or, like Tony saw it in his mind, everyone stopped treating him like a kid. Well, everyone but Steve, who turned out to be more persistent – if not stubborn – than Tony had ever imagined. That hadn’t been a big deal, though, Tony just had to avoid him as much as possible or pretend he wasn’t neglecting his health and that was enough to keep Steve on the sideways. It came as a complete shock when Tony found himself missing all that. At the beginning he thought he on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Infantilism
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Diapers
Pacifiers
Cribs
Changing Tables
stuffed animals
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Daddies everywhere
Thumb-sucking
Bathing
Cuddling
Adult baby
Hurt/Comfort
bottles
sippy cups
Little!Tony
Spanking
←kind of

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

