Chapter 1: The Visitor
    




Chapter Text
When he looked back on it, Peter could see that things were going south long before the first incident. Little glances at school, Jameson growing more on edge (than usual), the way his history teacher had barked at the people in desks adjacent to his, stares that lasted too long on the street.  Once he had even been groped walking Mary Jane home from school, but his hellcat of a girlfriend stole the show. She had sent the spooked hoodlum scampering around the block with only a slap and a choice selection of filthy curses. Peter just laughed because he really did live in New York if he was the one in danger. MJ laughed it off later as well and kissed him on the nose, concluding that he was simply irresistible and she would have to protect his virtue for the rest of her days.
The first sign of real trouble came soon after. Johnny Storm made good on his promise to take Peter to a ball game.
“Ooooh, that seventh inning? Holy freaking crap!” Johnny clutched at his hair and whooped, leaping all over the sidewalk like a baboon. He nearly lost his very clever disguise in the gutter (Oakley’s and a designer ball cap, the affluent man’s first choice in anti-paparazzi apparel.) “It’s still blowing my mind, man!!”
“And your cover,” Peter noted dryly. There was a gaggle of girls across the street dressed for a night on the town, whispering and pointing. “I think they’re onto you.”
“Whoa whoa!” He spun to get a good look at their spectators. A grin of pure pearl streaked his face as he tilted his sunglasses up, debonair to the bone. “Hey there ladies.”
The air was stuffed with titters and shrieks upon the reveal. One girl even started clapping so hard it echoed. “JOHNNY I LOVE YOU!”
Peter snatched the back of his jacket before all was lost. “Nope.” He dragged them off to a more private route. There was an alley nearby he knew he could change in for the long swing home.
“No, come on Pete!” Johnny made a big show of stumbling along, stretching out an arm in desperation as if the girls could reach over the pavement and pull him to safety. “HELP! HE’S KIDNAPPING ME! I’M IN DISTRESS!”
Playful boos and offers of equal love for them both followed on their way out, but Peter was not to be deterred. There was a massive WWII paper due soon and he had only battled out a total of five sentences, and Johnny had a curfew that night. When Peter dropped by to pick him up Sue had snatched her brother by the arm and ordered him not to party, patrol or procrastinate in any way on their trip home. She got a mighty stink eye for her trouble.
Johnny whisked off the hat and the glasses once they were safe in the alley, stripping down to his inflammable suit as Peter played his mirror with his own (very flammable) costume. “What if one of them was my future wife? You’ve ruined my one chance at happiness. The Bugle was right about you.” 
“Jerk.” The retaliation was fumbling, but only because it was dark and Peter’s boots were particularly trying to slip in the current weather. It was a hot spring and everything was sweat and sun and AC dials cranked to ‘Arctic’. “Like you could handle a wife.”
“Dude, just because I don’t have a training ball and chain on already doesn’t mean it can’t happen. How is MJ, by the way?” 
Peter snorted and shook his head. “Fine. Which you won’t be if she ever finds out you said that.”
“Then get me a girlfriend so I can stop being jealous of yours.”
“You say that like I have a stash in my locker.”
Their clothes switched, no longer bunched in with the bland old public but bonafide super heroes, the two shared a last grin together and agreed to do it all again sometime. “It’s just nice, you know?” Peter confided, shaking his mask right side out. 
“Doing something where we don’t have to beat down some nutjob or put out fires. Almost like we’re normal.”
“But more awesome than normal.” A pause sunk between them. Johnny Storm deigned to hug Peter proper. “You’re a cool guy Pete. Thanks for this.”
“Pretty sure I should thank you, you bought the tickets.” Peter tried to pull out but only managed to get a couple inches between them. Johnny’s hands were soldered to his shoulders.
 “Well, whatever man, whatever. No big.” Peter waited to be released. He was not. Johnny had become perfectly still, staring at him. 
There was something strange about his eyes. What exactly was imperceptible; a sudden but very slight squint, or a sleepy sag, something that dulled the glint in them. The dim navy light took on odd shadows across his face until Peter realized that it was his cheeks blooming red,  the flush climbing to the nose and ears. Then Johnny was much closer. There was a pause, a count of two, hot breath dusting Peter’s lips before they connected completely. Johnny kissed him. Johnny was kissing him, it wasn’t stopping, he kept pressing in and pulling Peter’s lips apart with the force of his own while his hands cradled his head and waist. They were sealed together from the hips up. Johnny’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Logan (X-Men)/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Other(s)
Mild Femmeslash
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Surprise Pairings - Relationship
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Pheromones
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Awkward Sexual Situations
Threesome - M/M/M
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Logan (X-Men)/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Other(s)
Mild Femmeslash
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Surprise Pairings - Relationship
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

