Chapter 1: Chapter one.
    


Notes:
This fic is inspired by @sabrecmc 's Celestial Navigation. I was really, really shy about mentioning this, since this fic is nowhere close to how amazing her fics are (go check them out!).

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
He was nervous.The Shield agents had sent him here with a thin folder, a few loose sheets with information about his future alpha, everything they thought he needed to know.

Tony was young, but he wasn't dumb. He carelessly flipped open the folder again and his eyes zoomed in on the picture of a tall blonde man: Captain Steve Rogers. This was the man who had paid (in what form Tony still had to figure) for the ownership of a shiny new omega, fresh off the market. The Captain had a whole list of accomplishments, all of which Tony, in the twenty minute span he had been given to memorize them, despised thoroughly.

Sure, he knew his father was never going to let Tony progress with his inventions and fulfill his dream of becoming the first omega to revolutionize clean energy. No, Howard Stark had put a collar and leash on Tony when he presented at twelve and was now handing the reigns over to a man, who by all valid stereotypes, was the kind to likely think "Omegas are the homemakers of society"(weird ass slogan of an advertisement that ran in the early 2000s)Tony bit back an incredulous laugh, this was his life now. He had, for the span of his twenty-one years deigned to live rebelliously and this was his penance. He snuck a glance towards his reflection in the wide interrogation room window, making sure his eyes were not red. Talk about mortification, Tony would not let them in on his weaknesses. He rubbed his palm on his trousers and straightened his shoulders. Nothing more than to face this head on now. Maybe if he struck first, he'd be able to make a deal with the man. What could he give the alpha that Steve Rogers couldn't take from him anyway. Tony had...his inventions?He wasn't, and never would be the perfect omega. He knew that. Omega rights had come a long way in the last hundred years, they had won the right to vote about five years ago. A lot of the current laws were being looked over and questioned, the omega citizens were given more freedom and opportunity than they could have ever hoped for in the past twenty years.But Tony was no ordinary citizen, he was no ordinary omega. As the sole heir to Stark industries, and the revolutionary weapons manufacturer Howard Stark's protégé- there were heavy expectations for Tony to bear. The board wouldn't allow him to inherit the position of CEO without an Alpha handler (Tony refused to call the man his mate), and Tony wouldn't be able to achieve his personal goals, goals that could help society develop- clean energy, progressive prosthetic aids, and ideas that combined his studies in mechanical engineering with the biomedical field to create products to assist people in ways that could not be imagined yet- by anyone apart from Tony himself. Sure, it could be considered narcissistic, but Tony knew he could do it.They knew he wasn't spouting a fool's word either. Tony's intelligence was no secret, in fact, he was a little disappointed that Shield's response had been to place him in an interrogation room. Surely Howard had given them the speech, "The boy has no shame, but he will do as required. He may be prone to flamboyant displays and promiscuity, however he is smart. He'll take the route that benefits him the best. We just have to make sure to take away all other options."Howard had sported a conniving smirk, as he gave the same heart-melting speech to Tony's mother, Maria, just a week before signing the contract to sell Tony to the person who benefited Howard the most. Tony looked back at the folder, and the highest bidder in this plot was Captain Steve Rogers. A man of his position couldn't catch Howard's attention easily, which meant that Alpha Rogers had something special. Something, by the contents of the folder- Tony wasn't allowed to know yet.The man was impressive, nevertheless. His records were impeccable, by his connections to Shield Tony new not to trust the man a pinch, however, (Tony couldn't help running his eyes over the finely chiseled jaw), no matter how much that straightforward gaze beckoned him to leap into their depths.

There was a slight knock on the door, Tony wondered if every person who sat on the chair in an interrogation room had gotten the privilege, and the man from the picture stepped inside.Captain Rogers was really very tall, Tony noted absent-mindedly. The man stood in front of him, back pin straight and face carved into stone like the statue of a Roman god. Tony was used to beautiful people, his life had been filled with them and he himself had heard many-a-times that he was attractive. Steve Rogers blew apart that scale. Tony stayed silent and observed the man. His buddy Rhodey had told Tony his stares could be 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Young Tony Stark
omega!Tony
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha!Steve
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bottom Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Awkward Romance
Steve Rogers has a crush
Author has too many feels
Avengers Family
Fluffiness
Hurt/Comfort
mild Dom/Sub
Tony Has Trust Issues
Non-Penetrative Sex
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventual Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Child Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Divergent Timelines

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

