Chapter 1





Chapter Text

TARGET LOCATED - RECLAMATION IN PROGRESS. STAND BY FOR RETURN ETA ** NO PR AT THIS TIME ** 

Huh - so he’d finally done it.  All those years of wild goose chasing in the Arctic had finally paid off.   Howard had located the Valkyrie - the  plane that Captain Steven Grant Rogers had selflessly piloted into the ocean nearly five decades ago, saving countless lives with his noble sacrifice, yada yada yada. 
Tony stifled the desire to make a smart ass response:  “Way to Go, Pops”  or  “Roger on Rogers”  and instead typed “ACK - standing by”.   He’d only come into his father’s workshop to borrow a micrometer as Dum-E had apparently hidden his somewhere again.   Tony was supposed to be monitoring the comm rig on a regular basis while Howard was out on his annual snipe hunt. He’d had been thrilled to take on the responsibility back when he was still a starry-eyed kid,  but now?   It seemed like a pointless waste of time.  
He glanced up at the map on the wall,  the current ten square mile search area outlined in red, with the previous years’ marks tracing back eastward across Greenland, growing fainter as they went.  Howard was obsessed and had been since the war.  No matter what else was going on in the real world, Howard always made time for his Arctic Expedition sometime between Memorial and Labor Day - five to seven weeks of fruitless searching.  It was obvious that even dead and long gone, Captain America meant more to Howard than his own family.   
Tony had always known he wasn’t ever quite good enough for his father; not worthy of the Stark name. God knows he tried; double majoring at MIT and graduating summa cum laude at seventeen.  But even four years later, all Howard saw was his failures. The experiments that had gone wrong - but not what he’d learned from them.  Impossible expectations leading to disappointments.  Even the design work he’d been doing for the family business -- which he knew was years beyond any of their competitors -- seemed  begrudgingly accepted at best.     Howard didn’t even approve of  Tony’s only friend,   James Rhodes.   
It wasn’t for what seemed the obvious reason.  Dad was surprisingly non-prejudiced for someone of his generation;  the Joneses and Moritas were frequent guests at the Stark home.  It was that Rhodey stood up to Howard and wouldn’t let him talk to Tony the way he was accustomed to.  Tony had told his friend not to bother, that he didn’t care, but he still spoke up.   Politely, mind you;  Mrs. Rhodes raised her boys to be respectful of their elders, but she’d also made sure they knew the difference between right and wrong.  Her son thought the way Howard treated his son was wrong... but Tony had his doubts. 
Rhodey had given him a hard time about going back to live with his parents; however, now that Tony had attained his majority, Howard had pressured him to come back to New York and start getting actively involved in Stark Industries.  “Time to face up to your responsibilities, son.   I haven’t built this business up from nothing to just give it up to the Board in a few years.  Obediah excels in the role of a right hand man, but Stark Industries needs a Stark at the helm.” 
Besides, it wasn’t a big deal. Tony would stay in the guest house while he looked for a place of his own and would barely have to deal with them.    It would be nice to spend time with Jarvis and Ana, and maybe  see Aunt Peggy -- she  tried to make the trip up from DC  at least once a month to have dinner with  Howard and Maria.  
Aunt Peggy ... he wondered if he should call her,  let her know that Dad had at long last found Captain Rogers’ final resting place. Tony had pestered her for stories about  “Cap’n ‘Merica” when he was little, had grown up with the posters on his bedroom wall.  And as he’d gotten older, he wanted to know more about Steve Rogers,  especially what he had been like before Project Rebirth.    He thought he might have liked that guy - a scrappy runt who stood up to bullies no matter the cost.   He might have liked him a lot. 
And that was one of the many, many secrets Tony was keeping from his father - that he was attracted to men as well as women.   At least he thought he was; he was still figuring that out.  The posters and the newsreels and promotional films of Captain America had definitely been an influence. Tony wasn’t sure when hero worship had blurred into infatuation, but it wasn’t only Cap’s  broad shoulders, amazing cheekbones and magnificent ass that had fueled Tony’s star-spangled fantasies.  It was Aunt Peggy’s stories about how the inner Steve stayed the same good man, sincere and thoughtful, even after he’d been transformed into an Adonis. That was what made Tony wish he could have known the man behind the uniform. 
And maybe that futile wish had carried over into his real life. Tony  hadn’t really dated in college -- the age difference was a turnoff for most women -- but the few one-night stands he’d had were fun and he’d lea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
AU - 1990's
Bisexual!Tony Stark
Young Tony Stark
Pining
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Slow Build
Mutual Pining
very very slow build
Deaf Clint Barton
No Smut
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Ace!Pepper Potts
not exactly a happy ending
Espionage
keeping secrets
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

