Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony Stark had a big mouth.Everyone knew this and Pepper was always yelling at him about it. Hell, Tony's own mother had asked him on multiple occasions if he was just begging for someone to wallop him upside the head someday. And as expected of any self-important teenager, Tony had rolled his eyes and said he had more important things to worry about than people's delicate sensibilities. He had been quite the little shithead at that age, but the inherent need to pick and choose your words wisely was something Tony had learned as he got older, especially after his parents' deaths and the media's abrupt obsession with his personal life.However, the blase facade that Tony employed with the outside world didn't apply so much inside his own home. Emotions and soft words were fine around Peter and his AIs, with Rhodey and a select few others added to the tightly controlled mixture when they were actually there. So, when Tony made an offhand comment to Vision and FRIDAY about the tower never being christened like his Malibu home had been, the engineer hadn't thought anything of it.Oh, what a mistake that was.Tony had been so preoccupied with his coffee that he hadn't noticed Steve and James' arrival, their eyes narrowing when they heard that particular comment. Neither of them needed to be told who Tony had been with for much of his time in the Malibu house. All it took was a simple Google search to learn that fuckin' Tiberius Stone had been a constant presence in Tony's life until late 2006, thousands of photos showing him beside Tony at university events, fundraisers, and after parties. And just as many also showed him with other people, infidelity thrown out into the open for everyone to see.Sickening was the only word Steve or James could think of to describe it. This applied doubly so when they realized the newspapers and tabloids didn't seem to think much of it, automatically assuming Tony was cheating, too.And if that was the case, then the sleazy billionaire had it coming.Unfortunately for Tony, he had no clue the super-soldiers had heard what he said or were aware of the long-term manipulation and abuse Stone had rained down on him over the years. Neither knew the specific details—and Tony planned to keep it that way since, you know, murder was the last thing they needed on their records right now—but between the news articles and what they'd witnessed seven months ago, it was fairly easy to reach some ugly conclusions.With those thoughts, and unknown to Tony, his homicidal boyfriends decided that christening the tower and everything in it would be achieved in short order. And they were willing to stake their lives on no bad memories being involved, either.For Tony, it was half past noon when everything exploded—well, not in the literal sense, since the walls and windows were still intact—but a hand grabbed him just as he was making a turn into his corner office. Tony only fought back for a few seconds, the feel of hard metal around his waist instantly cluing him in on who'd decided to spice up a day full of boring corporate meetings."Your security is terrible.""Are you insulting J and Fri? Because that's just rude and I won't tolerate it.""I'm not saying nothin' bad about your babies.""Good, because if you'd been anyone else, they'd have alerted me and probably fried your wrinkly ass, too.""I thought you loved my ass."Tony didn't fight when James pulled him back into his office, instead simply resigning himself to the disappointed lecture Pepper would no doubt bestow upon him in the next hour or two. But hey, what was a guy supposed to do when one of their ridiculously hot and virile boyfriends showed up for a surprise visit? Tony could claim lack of impulse control, which wasn't really a lie, either."I do love your stupidly perfect ass, but I also know you're after—whoa, so that's what you're after, yep, I knew it."The assassin already had Tony pushed up against his desk, metal hand gripping Tony's ass while the flesh one pulled him into a deep kiss. James had obviously spent some time planning this because it took less than fifteen seconds for a cold, lube-covered finger to push its way down Tony's pants and start pressing at his hole. The sensation was welcome and familiar, perhaps more so than usual since James had fucked Tony just that morning. With Steve away at SHIELD for a special assignment from Fury himself, James had been kinda twitchy and full of pent-up energy that needed to find an outlet somewhere.And to Tony's happy surprise, that outlet just happened to be him and whatever body part James could get his mouth or hands on. Steve had been more than a little worried about James wandering off while he was gone—that was something they definitely needed to talk about when Steve got back, oh yes—but so far, the brunet had stuck to Tony and Peter's sides like an oversized leech."You complainin'?""Oh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Insecure Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Parent Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Adoption
Polyamory
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Abuse
Explicit Sexual Content
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

