Chapter 1: The Plan
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was Halloween night and Bucky was at Sam's party when he received the text from his sister, his drunk fingers fumbling to unlock his phone and read it. Then he realized he couldn't actually use his touch screen while wearing gloves. He cursed, using his teeth to pull them off, all the while wondering why he decided to wear gloves with his vampire costume in the first place.Oh yeah, because Natasha had told him they made the outfit look sexy and sophisticated. He snorted, reading the text now that it was open.

Becca (11:43pm)
 Just a reminder that you only have a month or so to find yourself a boyfriend, or you'll owe me $$$ and the honor of bleaching your hair
There was a string of emojis at the end of the text that Bucky rolled his eyes at, while he quickly thumbed in his reply without really thinking about what he was saying. They say that drunk people can't help but tell the truth, except for Bucky, who tended to do the opposite.

Bucky (11:44pm)
 ur out of luck iv already got one
He definitely didn't have a boyfriend, not since the guy he dated for a few weeks during the summer turned out to be a complete tool. Maybe if Bucky wasn't so drunk, he'd have thought out his answer a bit more. He certainly wouldn't have told Rebecca that he already had a boyfriend. Honestly, he didn't know why he said that in the first place, but he tended to bullshit a lot when he was drinking, and didn't really care at the moment either. He was drunk and happy and simply wanted to find that cute blonde guy dressed as an elf he'd been making out with earlier.Hey, maybe they'd start dating and he'd take him home for Christmas to meet the family.But it was Bucky who was out of luck, not Rebecca.The cute blonde guy was leaving the party early with someone else, which left Bucky feeling sour at the missed opportunity. Then he figured he probably shouldn't meet a potential boyfriend to bring home to his family at a party anyway, and decided to go drink some more. He pushed all thoughts of the bet to the back of his mind, heading over to where Steve, Clint, and Natasha were starting to do some jello shots, and joined in.It wasn't until he was nursing a hangover the next day that he started to panic.Bucky had been going through his social media accounts for evidence of what happened the night before. His snapchat story featured way too many shaky videos of his friends doing shots, playing beer pong, and drunkenly acting as whatever they'd dressed up as. There were two pictures on his instagram: the first of him and Sam, with a poorly spelled party shoutout, and the second was of him and Steve, arms wrapped around each other's shoulders and cheesy grins on their faces. The caption on the picture was just a bunch of thumbs up emojis.He didn't bother deleting the pics, instead just fixing the spelling on the Sam one, before exiting the app and saving what was usually the worst for last. He went into his texts, breathing out a sigh of relief when he saw that Rebecca was the only person he messaged. He didn't remember it though, and went to see what he wrote."Oh, fuck," Bucky groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. "Shit."Because he didn't have a boyfriend, Rebecca was right - he'd only have a month to find a guy that'd be willing to meet his family so soon. And there was the possibility that he'd need to convince the guy to pretend that they'd been together for longer than they actually were. Would anyone actually be willing to do that? Maybe he could bribe them somehow.Bucky groaned again, rolling out of his bed and stumbling towards to kitchen. Steve was already there, slumped at the table with a coffee and looking every bit as hungover as Bucky."Coffee should still be warm," he mumbled, pointing at the pot on the bench.Thanks." Bucky grabbed a mug and poured himself a cup, sitting down across from Steve when he was done. "I feel like death.""Ugh, me too." Steve nodded, then winced at what the movement must've done to his headache.Bucky grimaced sympathetically. "I barely remember anything from last night.""Neither," Steve agreed. "Not even the pic you tagged me in on instagram.""I don't even remember posting it. But you know what else I don't remember?""What?""Telling Becca I had a boyfriend so I could win a bet we made when I was 20."Steve raised an eyebrow. "You're single.""Yep," Bucky sipped at his coffee. "And if I lose, I'll owe her $200 and will have to go blonde for a year.""A year?" Steve raised both his eyebrows now, eyeing Bucky's dark brown hair."I tried talking her down to a few months, but she wouldn't budge.""So what was the bet, anyway?" Steve asked after a moment. "And why?"Bucky sighed. "Ever since I moved out, mom and dad would always pester me about my love life every time I visited. They kept saying they wanted me to bring someone home for the holidays, but I never have. When I was 20, Becca said tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Christmas
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Friends to Lovers
Idiots in Love
Love Confessions
Romantic Fluff
Christmas Fluff
Christmas Smut
Fluff and Smut
Sharing a Bed
Sharing Clothes
Cuddling & Snuggling
Kissing
Making Out
Frottage
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Drunk Sex
Making Love
NSFW GIFS AT THE END OF SOME CHAPTERS
Soft Stucky Week 2016

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

