Work Text:
Usually Tony doesn’t mind that he’s friends with a bunch of assholes.He’s quite an asshole himself after all, and besides after Rhodey went to college last summer Tony’s been operating on the assumption that he’d spend his last two years of High School like the pre-Rhodey times: lonely, withdrawn and scorned by the other students. Instead a pathetic attempt at bullying has brought Tony’s existence to star quarterback Steve Roger’s attention and next thing he knows Tony is the guy’s newest pity project.It’s a thing of Rogers’ and to a lesser degree his friends. They take care of some poor sod for a year, tell the bullies to back off, ensure that he doesn’t get stuffed into a locker, that kind of thing. There’s a message in there somewhere that, knowing Rogers, is probably meant to be something along the lines of ‘bullying not tolerated’ but comes across as more of a ‘don’t touch my stuff’.Not that Tony’s ever corrected them on this particular matter. Contrary to popular opinion Tony is well-aware of his non-existent standing within the group, thank you very much. They make sure to be seen with the socially incapable science freak to prove just how open-minded and all-inclusive they are. In exchange Tony has a table to sit at during lunch hours and occasionally someone listening to his ramblings and pointless banter.It’s a pretty well-working concept, winners all around, breaking stereotypes without actually breaking stereotypes and really, isn’t that what High School is all about anyways?Most days Tony appreciates the quid pro quo relationship he’s got going with them. It’s pretty nice to know exactly where he’s standing with everyone. For example he knows that Rogers honestly doesn’t like him because Tony’s too cynical and un-idealistic but the self-righteous bastard’ll protect him anyways because he promised. And Rogers always keeps his promises, which is as nice as it is annoying. Tony usually tries to avoid interacting too much with him, lest their conversation ends in another screaming match.Barnes, Rogers’ best friend since before forever was invented, doesn’t care about Tony one way or another. But he won’t say anything against him as long as Rogers wants him there. Which is fine, Tony can work with that. They have awkward small talk involving their insane chemistry teacher every other week and sometimes Barnes laughs when Tony makes yet another experiment explode in everyone’s faces.Also part of the group is Natasha Romanov, the mandatory cheer leader and queen bee. Except for the part where a single glance from her can make you fear for your life and the rumours about certain students disappearing after they’ve bothered her one too many times. She’s also the least transparent person Tony’s ever known. Manages to put up the most cheerful, brilliant smile one second and the scariest motherfucking scowl the next. And the funny thing is that all of her expressions look completely genuine, making it impossible to tell when she’s faking and when she’s real. Tony secretly suspects that she’s always faking but either way he’s impressed.Natasha Romanov has never as much as spoken a word of Tony, which might have worried him, if not for the fact that she’s also never spoken a word against him. They just sorta co-exist and if Tony is extra careful that none of his more lewd jokes can in any way be attributed to her nobody has to know.Next in the overall hierarchy of the group is Clint, who’s Natasha’s boyfriend, bodyguard, apprentice and sidekick all at once. If you buy into the rumour mill, that is. Clint is perhaps the least intimidating one in the group which he makes up for with his quick wit and sharp tongue. Tony has come to an unspoken understanding with the guy, a sort of platonic love-hate relationship that they’ve unwittingly entered. They generally spend their breaks bantering back and forth, sniping and making fun of each other.It’s good because with Clint Tony actually gets to talk, even if it’s layered in heavy sarcasm and thinly-veiled insults. It’s not so good because Clint doesn’t stop, not ever, and sometimes the words weigh heavier on Tony’s mind than he likes to admit.Finally there is Thor, the foreign ex-change student who likes to play dumb just to watch people fumble while trying to explain what a tomato is. It’s pretty hilarious and even if it wasn't Thor’s well-built enough that nobody would dare to tell him otherwise. Tony doesn’t have much to do with him, Thor usually joins his lovely Jane - who is either his girlfriend or his promised fair maiden from a far-away kingdom, Tony hasn’t figured that out yet - during lunch. But overall the guy is both, too honest and too obvious to nurture a secret hatred against him, so Tony figures they’re in a pretty good place of occasionally acknowledging the other’s existence with a short nod.So yes, Tony isn’t exactly close friends with Rogers’ gang but he spends a substantial amount of time with them, which by default makes them his clo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Clint Barton
Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
teenage avengers
Miscommunication
Bullying
unintentional hurt
Hurt/Comfort
Everyone needs to stop being mean to Tony
Tony Needs a Hug
Angst
Insecure Tony
Tony had a pet tarantula
because why not
tony cries
Because that definitely should be its own warning
Friendship
everyone is clueless
they figure it out
lots of feelings
Cussing
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Clint Barton
Tony Stark & Thor

