Work Text:
Loki found out about Odin at seven years old. That the man with one eye who sometimes came to sit in the kitchen for an hour, who talked to her about her school work and her hobbies, who gave her pocket money and a pat on the head, was her father.It didn't change anything. Not the frequency of his visits or what she called him - Mr - but her mother had wanted her to know.She found out about Thor much later. Her father’s son by another woman, his wife. The legitimate child, older than Loki by nearly ten years.So Laufey had been an affair, and Loki an accident.An army boy, Odin had called Thor with a wave of his large hand. Not home much.Loki didn't think of him often, her older brother, but when she had she’d always imagined him in khaki, with heavy boots and dog tags around his neck. Odin’s hair was long and white, like he'd been blonde in his youth, but she'd imagined Thor to be dark like her, like Laufey, and tall too. Odin probably had a type.In her teens she surmised that Thor likely didn't know she existed - that he and his mother weren't privy to these brief visits, that Odin snuck away to see her.But then, one visit when she was sixteen, Odin had brought him along. Her brother.And he was tall, and wearing army greens and heavy boots like she’d always imagined, but he was also startlingly, beautifully blonde.He hadn't seemed overly interested in her. Mid-twenties and fairly stoic, sitting in her kitchen. It was clear he'd been coerced into coming, perhaps he’d come for Odin’s sake, so the old man could see his two children beside each other for the first time.The golden soldier and the mistake.He'd hugged her as they left, just a loose, one-armed thing that probably meant nothing to him, but he’d smelled like sharp citrus and the sweat of a long journey, and it had lingered in her senses long after he was gone.Odin had never hugged her.Loki was smart, did well academically, got into her university of choice. Laufey told Odin they were worried about accommodation. His child support made her ineligible for dormitory subsidies, despite the fact that his contributions could legally be cut off once she reached eighteen.No problem, Odin had said. Thor lives not far away from the school.They’d met only that one time, two years prior, and yet somehow despite her initial reservations Laufey had eventually conceded it made sense.Loki would be packed off to live alone with her older brother, an ex-army construction worker ten years her senior. A stranger.~Thor doesn't wear khaki now, but the heavy boots have stayed and the dog tags still rattle around his neck, tucked beneath his clothes.He doesn't talk much.He drinks.Loki’s room is a nice enough size, comfortable. He said she could do whatever she liked with it, but she didn't bring much, just clothes and keepsakes, no furniture. The walls are kind of grey but that's okay, it's warm, he bought a new mattress for the double bed.There’s a radiator in there, one in his room too, but in the living room they have a log fire. He keeps it stocked from a wood shed outside.She's been cooking for both of them without asking, and he's been eating it. Not always with her - he's not always around - but whenever she leaves him something in the fridge she always comes back to find it gone the next morning.He washes his own dishes.He's still a stranger, but she kind of likes him.So does Amora, her new friend from uni. He picked Loki up once in his truck when the snow was coming down hard, and Amora’s tongue had nearly frozen to the pavement.Thor had looked back at her with dark eyes, hungry, mouth turned up just slightly at the corners.For a moment it was like Loki didn't exist and she’d hated it, had rushed to get in beside him so they could leave.She doesn't know why.She's thought about it since, about Thor fucking Amora, both of them blonde and beautiful, what a perfect couple they'd be. Amora would talk in all of Thor’s silences, unlike Loki who can never work out what to say to him.They exist in an odd sort of quiet; she studies while he watches television, she cooks while he chops wood.They had some bathroom awkwardness at first - he’d used all the hot water one day without thinking, she’d left her clothes in her bedroom another day and had to shuffle past his large, sleepy frame in just a small towel.They've worked it out now.Odin calls to ask her how it is and she tells him it's fine. She mentions the new mattress and the lift home, the thoughtful stuff.She doesn't mention Thor’s drinking.It's an ex-army thing, she thinks. Too much money and not enough to do with his time, nothing to focus on. Mostly it's just a couple of beers in the evening, bottle clutched in his fist as he watches whatever’s on TV.Sometimes he comes home wobbling, slurring.Sometimes he doesn't come home at all.-She’s in bed, blanket tucked up beneath her chin, trying to sleep. It's past midnight and she hasn't seen Thor since she left for class this morning, hasn't heard from him.She’s be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Incest
dub-con
Age Difference
Female!Loki - Freeform
genderswapped Loki
First Time
ex-soldier!Thor
Pregnancy Kink
general fuckedupness
Human AU

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

