Work Text:
They say you can bind your soul with whomever you wanted as long as you gave them your mark. Soulmates. Soulmarks. That sort of business. It was some deep magic that anyone could do, if they were willing to. Steve realized pretty quickly that in this new century people didn’t give marks away. It seemed to be reserved for royalty and the rich, those who benefitted from long term relationships, the type you can’t run away from. Marks still happened, though. People still gave them to each other, if they were sure-- if they knew this person was it. It just wasn’t as common is all. It was more of an old time myth.
(Steve still remembered when he gave away half of his everything, when he decided to share his soul with another person. The blinding love that poured into his veins the second a mark was given to him was so overwhelming that he thought this was what drowning felt like. It was ironic really. Later he really did learn what drowning was like, and he never could really figure out when he came up for air, if he did at all.)
***
It happened at a meeting. No, it happened six months earlier. (Shit.) It had been happening for six months and Steve didn’t even fucking know.
Bucky was back in one piece, physically at least, months- years really- after the fiasco in DC. He decided it was about time that he came home to Steve and got the help he needed to be a full person again. Steve felt like he could cry, but he didn’t. Because that wouldn’t be very productive, he told himself. It would weird Bucky out, maybe scare him off (again). He had to keep his cool if this was going to work at all.
They stayed in the Tower, had been there for a few months now. It seemed best that they be around the most trained super heroes in the world if Bucky were ever to go back into Winter Soldier mode, not that he would, but if. They had all been so supportive of the entire thing. Sure, there was some hesitation in the beginning. They all had to agree unanimously to have the world’s most deadly assassin live with them while trying to tie together his puzzle of a brain, so of course, Steve waited patiently for their answer. And they finally agreed. (Steve nearly cried then, too. But he didn’t. Keep your fucking cool.)
It was good to be around friends. Even Sam would drop by every now and then, which was nice. Really nice. Really, really, really nice. Bucky sometimes went into nonverbal modes. He wouldn’t talk for days on end, and when he started back up again, it would be words or short phrases. “Steve.” “Door.” “Food.” “Out.” It was nice to have someone to talk to after all of that. (Steve sometimes felt agitation edging from the back of his mind when people weren’t understanding Bucky, but he couldn’t ever figure out if it was his agitation or not. It was probably both he decided.)
Bucky had even been cleared for solo missions for a few weeks now. It made Steve sick with worry sometimes, but he had to let him go. He had to. It was Bucky’s choice. Steve knew that no one should be making decisions for Bucky anymore. So Bucky went. Because he wanted to. And Steve tried to stay busy while also trying to not freak out at home waiting for him. It was strictly Hydra based missions, destroying bases, collecting Intel, things like that. That was all he was cleared for at the time when it all went down.
Steve had just gotten back from training, fresh out the shower when it started. He didn’t think anything of it, and he was usually so careful is the thing. It was an honest mistake. Really. He didn’t mean to slip, but he walked out the shower in just his towel, heading down the hall to his room when he saw Bucky standing there, staring.
“Hey, Buck,” Steve greeted with a smile. Bucky didn’t look up from where he was staring just to the side of Steve. Steve cleared his throat, now knowing what got Bucky into this trance. “Are you still going to game night with me?” Bucky nodded sharply, but didn’t look away from the spot. “Alright, I’ll be ready in a minute.” Steve walked down past him, and he watched as the other’s eyes still tracked him carefully down the hall. Steve had the suspicion that Bucky was staring at something on him, but he couldn’t think of a reason why. He forgot about it quickly enough. His fingers ghosted still over the mark on his ribs when he was getting dressed. He didn’t even notice he did it. 
Game night was a tradition in the Tower. If you were in town, you had to play. Those were the rules. Tony was the only one that was there every week, minus when he was away for full team missions of course. It was his house after all, but most everyone else made a very steady appearance, usually only missing a week a month or so. Tonight, it was a smaller group, Avengers minus Thor.
“Where’s Rhodes and Pepper?” Sam asked as he plopped down on the floor.
Tony shrugged. “They claim to have a real jobs. Nine-to-fives. You know, what real adults apparently have.”
“Hey,” Clint protested. “We have real jobs.”
“But they have reale
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Soulmates
Soulmarks
courting
Angst with a Happy Ending
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
light Violence
Light Smut
be prepared for these italics folks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

