Work Text:
Bucky was sweating bullets. The only person who was sweating more than him was Tony and that was because Tony was ill with a fever.Bucky rubbed Tony’s back as Tony puked into the toilet.Bucky’s boyfriend sighed in bliss and smiled at Bucky, a hint of vomit on the corner of Tony’s mouth. Before Bucky could point out the vomit, Tony turned deathly pale, lurched forward, and hurled into the toilet again. His hands trembled on the porcelain bowl and tears formed in the corners of his eyes.When Tony finished spewing his guts he winced. “That can’t be the three crackers I just ate.” Tony’s voice was hoarse, like someone had taken a cheese grater to his vocal chords. “It’s too much.”The sound and sight of his sick boyfriend was just as frightening to Bucky as any enhanced individual out for blood and attacking a city full of innocents. Actually, it was worse. Bucky had been trained to handle such individuals—he could fight against them; he couldn’t fight a disease.Tony smiled encouragingly at Bucky and patted him on the shoulder. “Chill, Casper, and help me back to bed. Legs are feeling like jelly.”Bucky nodded. He slung Tony’s arm over his shoulder and helped his boyfriend stand. He practically carried Tony to bed with how much Tony leaned on him. Truthfully, Bucky would have been happy to carry Tony, but while Tony loved it whenever Bucky carried him for fun, Tony refused to be carried while sick. He insisted he could walk on his own. It wasn’t until Tony had been too slow to reach the bathroom during one of his vomiting fits that he finally allowed Bucky to help him.Bucky tucked the covers around Tony and made sure that a Stark Pad was within reach. While Bucky did not approve of Tony doing anything while sick, Tony would not stay in bed if he didn’t at least have a tablet in armsreach.Once Bucky was sure Tony could rest and heal in peace, Bucky shuffled out of the bedroom and headed toward the communal floor.His stomach was in knots. He knew medicine had advanced and Tony should be fine, but he’d seen so many people die from less in his youth that he couldn’t rid himself of his fear completely.When Bucky reached the communal floor he was relieved to see Sam and Vision there. It looked like Sam was trying to explain a video game to Vision, but Vision was just not getting it for whatever reason.“But why would the game give me the illusion of choice if all routes lead to the same ending? Why go to all the effort to create different scenes that only vary slightly just too-”“You’re overthinking it.” Sam shook his head. “It’s just supposed to be a game. Something recreational to take your mind off your daily life.”“It doesn’t sound recreational when Clint plays,” Vision noted.“We don’t talk about Clint and how he breaks video games.” Sam noticed Bucky just then and changed the conversation. “How is the resident tech genius?”“He’ll live,” Bucky said.Sam gave Bucky a studious look.“That is fortunate to hear,” Vision said. “While Tony’s virus does appear mundane and easily treatable, with his physical background-”“Vision, chill,” Sam interrupted.The damage was done though. Bucky’s heart pounded in his chest as a chilling fear pierced his heart. His brain produced images of Tony dying.Bucky’s vision fuzzed out and he felt something tugging at his mind. Something calm and demanding.A hand on his shoulder snapped him out of his trance to see Sam standing in front of him. “You back? Or am I going to have to use Natasha’s form of mental recalibration?”Bucky swallowed a lump in his throat. “Tony…” Bucky’s mouth dried out. Dread settled in his stomach.“Tony is a fighter, and you’re an idiot if you don’t think he has one of the best doctors in the world. As long as he takes his medicine and rests then Tony will be fine.”Bucky nodded, but he kept thinking about how many times Tony had vomited in one day already. Had Tony’s medicine even had a chance to enter his system before it was thrown up?Sam huffed in annoyance. He picked up the game controller from the couch and thrust it at Bucky’s chest. “Here. Take this and help me educate Vision on video games. Take your mind off Tony for a little bit. If he needs you, he’ll have FRIDAY contact you.”Bucky accepted the controller, but hesitated to join Vision and Sam. He glanced back at the elevator.Tony had just settled down for a nap. Maybe a distraction would be a good thing?After another razzing comment from Sam, Bucky joined Sam and Vision in a round of video games.
Tony was sprawled on the bathroom floor. His body was on fire. He knew he should get off the ground, but the floor was so cool. Also, he couldn’t move his arms.FRIDAY had asked him twice now if she should call for Bucky, but Tony had told her not to. Even if Tony couldn’t see Bucky’s face—Bucky was just a smudge in his vision—he could hear the worry in his boyfriend’s voice every time he was near Tony. He wanted Bucky to have a few hours to himself to calm down.Plus, his stomach felt like it bubbling with the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sickfic
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark - Freeform
Fluff
Protectiveness
protective winter soldier
Protective Bucky Barnes
Sick Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

