Work Text:
Steve and Tony were fighting all the time; everything was going to hell. The team was back together after the insanity that was Zemo – precariously, provisionally together, forced to deal with a crisis after crisis while the Accords got sorted out, disassembled, reassembled, pushed, pulled, hammered into a semblance of a shape that would be acceptable to both – no, to all three sides (the UN, the Avengers and the Avengers, because, yes, they could hardly be considered a one side in this, with a huge crack down the middle, Tony mused). How is everything going, Tony? Pepper had asked in her email. That was the only way they could successfully communicate these days. In one of their better conversations a few months back, they had agreed they were absolutely unable to talk to each other normally. They had also agreed they didn't want to cut contact. Tony needed to know she was okay, if nothing else. Pepper needed to know he was, at least, on his feet. So, the agreement was an email, once a month, and a reply. At least five sentences each (and no more than seven or eight, Pepper had insisted, although, as Tony had found, you could make a sentence go on forever if you really wanted to; these days his were mostly short and clipped, though). It was working okay, as breakups went. He didn't miss her, not really. Knowing she was there was quite enough. How they had got there, well, you could write a whole saga about that, but basically, when you brought yourself to that point in a relationship, he thought, you knew you should have ended it a long time ago. 
How are you? How is everything going, Tony?
 It's fine (Tony had written back). I'm fighting with Steve all the time  Everything is going to hell. I'm okay (you know I'm always okay). Without really thinking about it, he feinted with his right and brought his left elbow up, slamming it into Steve's already split lip. The mildly betrayed look in the guy's eyes never failed to catch Tony unprepared, no matter how many times this happened. When was he going to learn that fighting dirty was Tony's second nature? As soon as Tony let his guard down, let his thoughts wonder, as soon as he let his anger out, he immediately turned into a vortex of elbows and knees and teeth and headbutts to the nose. That was how he fought. That was how Rhodey had taught him to fight, back in the day, when Tony had no armor, just the tendency to provoke everyone and anyone until he got his ass kicked. And anyway, what was the point of therapy sparring if he couldn't let himself go and actually channel a part of this rage, get rid of it, take it out on someone? And, a fair fight, really, Rogers? he thought at those slightly widened, blue, surprised eyes that were turning hard and steely on him, as if on cue. How can any fight ever be fair when you are fighting an asshole that can bench press a car and barely break a sweat, really? There's no fair there, nothing about it could be fair. Tony saw what was coming, and saw he was too late, too distracted, too slow to dodge. He braced himself and rolled with Steve's punch. He let his body go limp, absorb the hit, but his mind was wandering and his footing was sloppy and he lost his balance and ended up on his ass; but the momentum of the blow wasn't done with him, it seemed, so he actually found himself down on his back, his head rebounding off the gym floor with a painful crack. 
Undignified as all hell.
 And this was Rogers pulling his punches, too. Rot in hell, asshole, Tony thought, scowling as he sat up, reaching up with his hand and feeling the back of his head for wetness that – thankfully – wasn't there. He was indignantly refusing to wear the head protection Happy had insisted on while he was still Tony's bodyguard and sparring partner. No way. If they were going to do this thing, it was going to be gritty and dirty and real. No buffers. "You okay?" Rogers asked curtly, with a veiled mixture of contained anger and concern on his face (Tony knew that expression well by now). He made as if to go to Tony's side, but checked himself; he knew better. "Tony?" 
I'm always okay.
 Tony just shrugged and struggled back to his feet. He reached for his watch. He was wearing the gauntlet watch mostly in order to irritate Rogers – or hurt his feelings, if he was lucky, but probably just irritate; just to show him he didn't trust him. Just to show him he, Tony, needed additional security measures when he was around him. Not that it was far from the truth; but still, had Tony actually been afraid, he would have probably refused to wear it, out of sheer stubbornness. He grazed Steve's face with a glance; Cap was looking on with a fine blend of surprise and hurt – yay! – and there was something outraged there, too, and... Does he think I'm going to attack him with the gauntlet, hit him with the repulsors? And: Good, let 'im think that, then! And: Shit, what kind of asshole does he think I am? "Friday, gimme a quick scan." "Okay, boss. I detect 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Angst and Feels
Rough Sparring
Tender Feels
Fighting
Reconciliation
Fix-It
Civil War Fix-It
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Hate to Love
Escalating Emotions
magical healing love
Bullshit Science In Very Small Quantities
Brooklyn
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
hinted at - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
past bucky barnes/steve rogers mentioned
past pepper potts/tony stark mentioned
Community: cap_ironman
Cap_Ironman Holiday Gift Exchange 2016

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

