Chapter 1: Evening haze
    




Chapter Text
 "Did you know you have the cutest butt I've ever seen?" Wade purred as he watched Peter fucking Parker walking towards the kitchen wearing nothing but one of Wade's shirts that ran past his ass. Peter's face flushed a dark red but he scoffed. "Yeah, a few times I think," Peter replied as he shook his butt towards Wade. "On another note, I'm gonna make us real food, no chili dogs or nuked burritos. Do you want breakfast or lunch?" "Mmm, either one will be fantastic if you're cooking," Wade cooed as he laid back on the couch watching his cute boyfriend moving around in the kitchen. He always enjoyed watching Peter even before they had started dating. The younger man was breathtakingly gorgeous, he had that wonderful attitude that always kept Wade on his toes. "Fine, I'll surprise you then," Peter chuckled before sighing. He went to the fridge pulling out the carton of eggs, some cheese, and the milk. He'd make them some scrambled eggs and French toast then, it was easy enough.  Though as he moved about in the kitchen his mind was wandering off. Wade's birthday was just around the corner and he still wasn't sure what he really wanted to do for this man, though he had some ideas about what it was he wanted to do for him. Wade had a very obvious kink of enjoying being called daddy and calling Peter baby boy, so Peter had started to look into that. Though he wasn't very familiar with all of the things that went with a full on daddy kink but he did get the gest of it. Peter wasn't sure if he'd be as comfortable as some people got with it. But he did want to indulge into it a bit for Wade's birthday. With Peter off in his own little world he didn't hear or notice Wade getting up or talking as he got closer and closer to him. The younger man jumped as he felt Wade's arms go around his waist lazily and a chin plopping onto his shoulder. "Why so jumpy," Wade teased as Peter sighed and leaned back against him. "You're in serious deep thought if your spidey senses didn't go off," Wade continued as he kissed along Peter's neck till he found a spot to leave a dark hickey where the younger man could hide easily enough so the avengers wouldn't tease Peter. Well, mostly so Tony didn't give him shit for marking up Peter's neck. "Ah, it's nothing," Peter chuckled before nipping his bottom lip very much enjoying Wade's lips against his neck. "I'm just thinking about how much I love you," Peter purred as he playfully rubbed his ass back against Wade's bare crotch. "Mm, you're being awfully sweet baby boy," Wade snickered as his fingers played up along Peter's smooth stomach till he found the younger man's soft nipples. "I'm always wary when my sassy baby boy starts playing cute and coy," Wade spoke softly, letting his breath brush against Peter's ear making him shiver. That plus the well calloused fingers teasing his nipples was making it harder to focus in front of him. "Rude," Peter snickered before he flipped the French toast, saving it from burning. "I'm always sweet to you," He teased as he continued to roll his hips back against the taller man, feeling the growing erection pressing more firmly against his butt. "You're playing a dangerous game daddy. Teasing me while I'm cooking," Peter chirped, a small coy grin playing on his lips.  Though he did catch the small inhale from Wade when he had called him daddy. "Daddy you're poking me with something big and hard," Peter continued glancing back to come face to face with a red faced Wade. The look on Wade's face alone was enough to make Peter hard. He looked so turned on that Peter would've easily forgotten the French toast in the pan if he didn't whip his head back around. Fuck, fuck, god damn! He's too fucking hot now, shit. Abort mission, abort mission. Peter thought as he tried to calm himself flipping the French toast out of the pan and onto a plate. His heart pounding in his chest as he felt Wade's fingertips drag down his chest, Peter swore the older man could easily have felt his heart pounding. "Fuck baby boy, if you really do keep calling me that you'll end up burning all the food," Wade's husky voice sent shivers down the younger man's spine, making him swear to himself once again. "Oh, is that right daddy," Peter purred as he rubbed his ass against Wade's very clearly hard on. "Daddy is that for me? It's already pressing so hard against me," Peter continued, his face cherry red but as long as he didn't look back he could keep this going.  Wade's fingers halted as soon as they found Peter's hips, tugging him back against him. "No complaining if you can't walk straight the next couple days," Wade snickered. "Why would I complain about that, daddy? I've got you to baby me, pamper me, and give me lots of cuddles," Peter purred, swallowing back his nerves. This was actually turning him on a lot more than he'd imagined, calling Wade daddy, seeing the reaction in the older man. All of that made him more excited than he'd ever 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
eating booty like groceries
Daddy Kink
You guys asked for the daddy bit
I'm just satisfying that thirst
who am I kidding
I'm just as thirsty for this
and wanted a reason to write a domestic story for these two
All sinning
Rimming
Kinky Peter Parker
Daddy Wade

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

