Work Text:
It was a particularly hot day in Wakanda, and despite the fact they'd been living there for nearly a year now, Steve was sweltering in the humidity. So much so he'd skipped his run that morning and spent the day lazing on the couch instead. T'Challa had generously provided him and the rest of his Avengers a compound to live in, but neglected to provide them with air-conditioning. Eagle-spread on the couch, Steve couldn't figure out if it was from the king being accustomed to the heat or a subtle, purposeful reminder that they were outsiders. Guests, but outsiders. He wasn't sure what would happen if he asked for an aircon unit. He considered consulting Sam but the other man was out with the rest of the team, leaving Steve alone in the spacious lounge. Did Wakanda even have air-conditioning if everyone was used to this? Dam, it was almost too hot to think. Pulling the sweaty collar of his t-shirt away from his neck, Steve sighed and relaxed. He bolted upright though when the phone rang. The little flip-top tucked in his pocket rang again and Steve could barely identify the emotions that rushed through him. Panic, excitement, fear, relief, none of it mattered if he didn't answer. He flipped the burner phone open and answered the call. "Tony? Is everything alright? Are you okay? What's hap-" "Quiet Rogers." The woman's voice had Steve freeze. He'd only given this number out to one person, it wasn't listed as "Rogers" so how did this woman know who would answer? What had Tony done now? The voice carried on; "And don't you dare hang up." "Who is this? How did you get this number?" Steve demanded. Shit, please don’t be Pepper. "Laura Barton. Tony gave me the phone." Steve brightened and relaxed back onto the couch. It wasn't Ross or another political figure out to get them. They were still safe. "Hey Laura, it's good to hear from you. How are you doing? I don't know where Clint is right now but I can find him if you want?" "I don't want to speak to Clint actually, I want to speak to you. I want to know what the hell you were thinking, Rogers!" "What do you mean? If this is about the RAFT - " "This is about a hell of a lot more than the RAFT, Rogers. I'm talking about Leipzig, I'm talking about having Clint break Wanda out of the Avengers' compound. I'm talking about you using people like pawns." "Using people? What? Laura, Tony had Wanda locked up like a criminal! She's a kid, a kid who made a mistake!" He snapped, temper flaring. Great, more assumptions being thrown at him, probably fed by Tony no doubt. "Really Rogers? She'd just killed more than 30 people, doesn't matter that it was an accident; that she was trying to save those in the market. She killed people. People wanted revenge, justice, whatever you want to call it! People were sending death threats and the Lagos government were trying to press charges. If she'd left the building, there was a very good chance that people would have attacked her. She’s not an American citizen, there would have been very little Tony could have done to protect her." "Wanda can handle herself, that's no excuse to lock her up!" "That's my point! If Wanda was attacked, she would be put in a position where she would have to use her powers and more people would have been hurt! People were scared of her Rogers!" "If that's the case, then Tony should have told us! He should have told her instead of locking her up, she deserved to know why." "That's rich coming from you, Captain." Laura hisses the rank and Steve flinches at the ice in her words. "No, Tony didn't do a very good job at explaining what he was trying to do, and yes he really should have sat down and talked to her. I won't try and excuse his mistakes but the way you carry on it's like Tony's the only one who didn't think about the consequences! "And you, you didn't bother thinking or asking him why! Instead, you called my husband and had him take her from a safe place and onto a god dammed battlefield. If she's such a child, why did you bring her to a fight? Was it because she's 26, and a grown woman or because you needed numbers, needed bodies to fight and would follow your orders?" Laura's practically yelling, and Steve is shocked past the point of an answer. In the sudden quiet, Steve heard pattering footsteps and happy squealing from Laura's end of the connection. The kids, and Tony too, he realised as the man's deeper voice came into earshot. Unsure how to answer Laura, Steve strained to pick up on any conversation. "Mama, can we go to the park with Uncle Tony? Can we? Please?" "We've finished our homework! Nathaniel wants to go on the swings!" A baby gurgled happily and Steve heard rustling as the children rushed around their mother. "Nathaniel wants to go on the swings, does he? You three haven't been bothering Tony have you?" "Nah, they're fine L. I'll have them back by dinner." Steve can hear the smile in Tony's voice and his chest tightens. "Alright then animals. Go get your shoes on and behave for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Laura Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Fic is centred around Laura and Steve
Not A Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Background Relationships
minor mentions of other characters - Freeform
T'Challa/Tony Stark strongly implied
but not enough for me to tag it
Minor Universe Alterations
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Laura Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

