Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Don’t let them touch you!” Volstagg’s warning rang out over the clanging of steel and the battle cries.As if on cue the next Jotun Loki stabbed gripped Loki’s forearm as he sank to his knees, putting him at eye level with Loki. Loki tried, uselessly, to fight his way free, but the giant’s strength was prodigious. Even through the mail Loki could feel the cold of the Jotun’s grasp. The mail froze and began to shatter around Loki’s arm. Loki fumbled for another dagger, bracing himself for the pain of the frostbite about to come.An instant before the frost giant’s freezing grip would have touched Loki’s skin, the giant released him, recoiling from a flash of blinding light behind Loki. Loki turned, knowing already what he would see. His father, come to rescue them - and drag them home by the ears, and the Norns alone knew what he would do to them once they got there.Why couldn’t Father have seen that Thor wasn’t ready? A king as wise as Odin should not have been so blinded by fatherly affection. Why had Loki had to go to such lengths? Why hadn’t Father come before the fighting had begun? And Loki had almost gotten them out without bloodshed, but of course the mighty Thor couldn’t just walk away from someone who called him a princess. “Father!” Thor’s yell echoed through the icy ruins. “We’ll finish them together!”Loki loved Thor with all his heart. More than one should love a brother, to be honest. But why did his brave, handsome, open-hearted brother have to be such a damned idiot?“Silence, boy!”And now after indulging and spoiling Thor for centuries, Father was going to be far angrier at him than Loki had ever wanted, even at his most exasperated, his most envious. Loki’s mind raced, looking for some way that he might mend this, might soften the disaster. He could barely focus as his father and the enemy spoke.War. All because Loki’s tongue hadn’t been silver enough to make Father see. All because Thor couldn’t swallow an insult from a churl. Loki shivered, and it had nothing to do with the biting wind of Jotunheim.And then they were hurtling through the Void again, back to Asgard.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Thorki - Freeform
Thunderfrost - Freeform
Jotunheim
Pseudo-Incest
Odin's A+ Parenting
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Intersex Loki
King Loki
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

