Chapter 1





Chapter Text



As you’re pretty, so be wise;




Wolves may lurk in every guise


You knew that going out this close to your heat was a dangerous idea but you wanted to make one last visit to your Grandma’s before you had to isolate yourself for the foreseeable future. That was a huge mistake. Taking the short cut back through the woods, your heat hit you. Hard.
Leaning onto the nearest tree for support, you pulled your deep-red cloak closer to your body as a shiver racked through you. You knew you didn’t have much time before you body started to become uncomfortably hot and you needed to get home soon before it became too painful. Evening out your breathing, you pushed away from the tree, catching your breath for a moment and trying to hold the waves of arousal hitting you before you started on your way again. 
You stopped when you heard the rustling of leaves behind you, as if someone was running through the trees at breaking speeds. Searching the area you found nothing, but could feel the burning gaze of someones eyes one you. You cursed yourself for your choice of outfit this morning; pulling on the short red skirt that barley covered your ass, the tan-leather corset pushing your breasts up delectably whilst the soft cotton shirt did little to cover your cleavage. Whilst an outfit like this wouldn’t normally matter, you were now an omega in heat and if any alpha found you out here dressed so sinfully sweet, they wouldn’t hesitate to try and fuck you. 
You walked on, your boots crunching against the fallen leaves as you picked up your pace; the feeling of someone following not leaving you. Biting your lip, you whimpered when a shock of painful arousal stabbed you in the abdomen, clutching at your stomach as you felt slick begin to drip from you core. You needed to get home and soon. 
As you straightened up, you found you weren’t alone anymore. You gasped in shock, staring straight into piercing blue eyes that were nearly consumed by the black of his pupil, looking positively feral. The man, you realized, was Bucky; you met him a fair few times in the village, being amazed at how attractive he was when first seeing him. Like you, he was a bit of a recluse, living somewhere undisclosed in the woods and rarely leaving his home. The few times you did see him, you found him pleasant; always polite and courteous if not a bit reserved. 
But you weren’t focused on that right now, you were focused on the fact that he was looking at you like you were his next meal, standing before you shirtless and covered in a thin sheen of sweat. His jeans were dangerously low on his hips and you couldn’t help but let your eyes rake over his chest down to his abs, wanting to see what he jeans were covering. 
Your scent must have been coming off you in waves as Bucky took a deep breath, practically snarling as he licked his lips a the aroma. It was then that you realized Bucky was in rut, he had been the presence following you this whole time. 

Oh fuck, oh fuck. 

An omega in heat should never be near an alpha in rut, it was just asking for trouble. Your body was practically screaming at you to knot him, he was a stereotypically perfect alpha and your core oozed more slick at the thought of him pounding into you. Taking a step back to try and distance yourself and clear your mind you finally addressed Bucky cautiously, “H-hey Bucky, I was just heading ho-”
Bucky cut you off with a growl, and you stopped talking immediately, omega instincts taking over around the alpha. 
“Y/N,” his voice was a low snarl, “I could fuckin’ smell you for miles, doll.” 
You whimpered at him, mind clouding with lust as he stalked towards you walking you backwards until your back was pressed against a tree. You locked eyes with him, both breathing heavy, seemingly inhaling the others exhale. The pain of your heat was more intense than any you had ever endured before and you knew it showed on your face when Bucky’s hand came up to cup your cheek gently, eyebrows furrowed in worry as his alpha tendencies over took him. 
The air around you was electric as you both continued to stare at each other, not a breathes space between you before it finally snapped when you whispered to him: “Please, alpha.”
His lips crashed onto yours before you could even think, your body automatically melting into him as your hands weaved into his long brown locks, tugging on them and smiling at the growl that tore from Bucky’s lips at the action. You mewled when he pulled away, chasing his lips whilst he smirked at you. His eyes locked on yours as his hands came to pull at the tie holding you clock together, nimble fingers undoing the bow and throwing it onto the floor beside you. 
You breath hitched as his fingers trailed down your neck to your collar bone, caressing the soft skin of your breast that was exposed to him. His lips attacked yours once again in a frenzied kiss, gripping your bare thighs and wrapping your legs around his waist so you could feel his h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Explicit Sexual Content
Knotting
Daddy Kink
Dom/sub
Rough Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

