Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He was Loki, and he was burdened with glorious purpose…At least, that’s what the Allfather had been telling him since he had the ability to comprehend the words of his Aesir captors. In the beginning, Loki never questioned what that purpose may have been, he never felt the need to. After all, why raise any unnecessary questions when there was no need? That was what Frigga had been teaching him for all of those years, and for centuries, Loki had taken her words to heart. There was no need to raise any fuss when all of his needs were met, he was tutored privately in the histories of the realms by the scholars of Asgard, and he was treated amicably by the servants of the palace.There were a lot of things that Loki never questioned in those first few centuries. He didn’t wonder why he spent the majority of his days confined to his own private wing in the palace; not when he had his own chest of toys to play with, his own books to read, and Hulda, his nurse and one constant companion. He never thought to ask why he was only allowed access to Idunn’s gardens at night if he was covered in a cloak that hid his face or why he was flanked on all sides by members of the Einherjar. He never thought to ask why he never saw any of the other children of Asgard. He never wondered why he was always so alone.He could sometimes hear the laughter of children from the window of his chambers, but he never saw their faces. He’d tried, once, to peer out of his window in order to see the other children, to confirm that he wasn’t alone. As he opened the window, though, Hulda had screamed and pulled him away, telling him that he must never do such a thing again. Loki never questioned Hulda, for she was the closest thing that he had known to a mother. He had trusted that she was only looking out for him.Though most of his childhood was lonely, he can’t claim that it was completely terrible. When he wasn’t playing with Hulda, he was tutored privately by Mimir and Kvasir, two members of the Aesir council who taught him knowledge of the runes and the wisdom of the nine realms. He was visited weekly by the queen herself, lovely Frigga. She would often dine with him and show him the proper courtesies that were expected of him. He didn’t exactly know why they were expected of him, but Hulda had taught him to always respect and obey the words of the queen. As Loki grew, Frigga had taken to teaching him other skills as well; the proper ways to walk, how to host his guests, how to properly groom himself, and, as he got older, how to maintain finances, settle arguments in legal feuds, and the various laws and regulations of Asgard. Loki didn’t understand why these things mattered so much, but he gave the queen his rapt attention, savoring in the approving smile that she would grant him when he had done something she liked. If he had done particularly well in their lessons, she would take him to her private weaving room, the one place where no one but the queen was allowed to enter. She promised to teach him her craft once he was old enough.On very rare occasions, the Allfather himself would visit Loki’s chambers. The visits were few and far in between, lasting mere minutes, but even as a child, Loki knew the importance of them. Each time he would bow to Odin in the manner that Hulda and Frigga had taught him and stay silent unless directly spoken to by the king. The conversations were always the same. Odin would ask how Loki’s studies were faring, if there was anything that he required, and idle comments on how Loki had grown since his last visit.Before leaving his chambers, though, Odin would always have Loki inspected. These inspections scared him at first, as he was ordered to strip bare before Odin’s one-eyed gaze. The king never touched him, though, but rather just looked over the boy’s pale skin and sometimes mutter that “it was still holding.” Loki never understood what he meant by that. At the end of the inspections, Odin would always kneel down and whisper into Loki’s ear that someday the boy would fulfill a great purpose for the realm of Asgard. He would tell Loki that his future was one of the most important in all of the nine realms. What he never told Loki, though, was what exactly that glorious purpose was. He never thought to question it.Loki would not discover his purpose and importance to Asgard until his first flowering. Even after all of the centuries that had passed, Loki remembers that morning very clearly. The orange glow of the morning suns had filtered through his window and shone onto his face. It wasn’t the light that had woken him, though, but rather the warmth of the sunlight on his skin. He had always had a low tolerance for heat and would often become sick if he became overheated. As a babe, this had caused Hulda much grief as his nurse desperately sought ways to keep his temperature down; a difficult task to manage in the shining, golden realm of Asgard. There were many times in the earl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Slight underage
Arranged Marriage
Captivity
Dubious Consent
Thor is a possessive brat
Loki Does What He Wants
Intersex Loki
Jötunn Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

