Chapter 1: chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
   Nico went white“What? What’s wrong?” Will glanced frantically around, looking for a monster to jump out from behind a taxi, “Do we need to shadow travel?”    Nico shook his head silently and sank down on to the bench, keeping out of the way of the crowds that were forming outside of the Empire State Building. They had traveled into the city to visit Olympus, and just their luck some famous mortal had showed up. The building was surrounded by paparazzi and news outlets, meaning if all Hades broke loose his job was going to be a thousand times harder.    “It’s just that-“    The sudden shouts of the press cut him off. They were chasing whoever had just left the building, camera flashes illuminating the entire block. “Great,” Will muttered under his breath looking for an easy way out. He did not want to get in between journalists and their story especially if the mist was hiding something and the “celebrity” turned out to be something he had to kill. He glanced back towards the stampede and finally saw what all the fuss was about. “It’s Captain America! Wasn’t he recently un-frozen?” Will stood on tiptoe, trying to see over the mob in front of him. He looked down at Nico who appeared to be on the verge of either passing out or hysterics which scared him more than any potential creature. “Hey you okay? You look more dead than normal.” The question, or maybe the teasing, jarred Nico back to his senses. He lept up and took Will’s hand.  “Come on we need to go,” he said trying to pull away. A familiar voice made him stop.  “Nico?” The Captain had reversed directions, now heading towards them in a last ditch attempt to hail a taxi before he was overrun. Nico spun around and looked up at the figure of a much bigger Steve Rogers.   He said the first thing that came to his mind which unfortunately was, “Wow you're huge.”   Steve chuckled. “I’m well aware. And uh- apparently, you’re still alive?” He glanced back at the advancing journalists. “I suggest you explain how later, let’s go.”      The taxi was on its way to Stark tower, the trio having narrowly managed to avoid the mob. Unfortunately, the taxi also smelled like old cigarette smoke and mildew. It almost made him miss shadow travel. Nico and Steve were in a deep conversation that Will couldn’t even begin to understand and had something to do with swing music and Uncle Sam.    “Will one of you fill me in to what in Hades is going on?” he asked taking care not to brush any of the trash that lay strewn about the backseats. Startled by the interruption, Steve broke off and flashed and apologetic smile.    “Sorry, I should have introduced myself. I’m Steve Rogers.”    “Ya I know that. I’m Will Solace,” he narrowed his eyes, “How do you know my boyfriend?”    Steve looked confused for a moment and then gaped, looking back and forth between the two of them “No. Way.” he gasped, punching Nico lightly on the arm and breaking into a huge smile.    Nico blushed and with a sly smile kissed Will full on the mouth. Will spluttered. “I appreciate the gesture, but I still want an explanation!”    Nico rolled his eyes. “Ignore Will. He’s so demanding.”   “HEY!”    Steve burst out laughing watching the two of them bicker, but this time the smile didn’t quite reach his eyes.   “Let’s get back to the tower and we’ll explain.”    “It still won’t be any less confusing,” the cabbie warned. Will made eye contact with him in the rear view mirror and then did a double take. Was that Stan Lee?      Steve led them to one of the upper floors of the tower, having to practically drag the two away from a discussion with Tony about his latest robot weapon and its practical applications for large scale battles. He had been too afraid to ask why they were so interested. He had no idea what the hell was going on either, or what had will said? Hades? Nico had just as much explaining to do as he did, especially because he didn’t look like he had aged more than a few years. He looked happier though, more like a typical teenager than the somber child he had known years before. Though in retrospect everything was brighter now than in the 40’s.    “Do you guys want something to drink?” he asked awkwardly as they gathered around the kitchen table, “We have some sodas somewhere.” he dug through the fridge being careful not to even breathe on Nat’s food. Her booby traps were hard core and he preferred to keep all of his fingers. He had almost died too many times to get injured in such a spectacularly stupid way. He carried the drinks back towards the table. Nico and Will were slouched over but perked up when they saw him coming.    “Sweet! Caffeine delivery has arrived. I could still use some ambrosia though. Uh, I mean…” Will faltered    Steve looked at him quizzically but ignored the comment. “ So,” he said with a long breath, “Where do you want me to start?”    “Let me tell him how I got separated first,” Nico said. “Ok so Will You know how Bianca and I were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nico di Angelo/Will Solace
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Multiple Crossovers
some hijinx
canon divergence from the end of winter soldier
Marvel References
so many demigods get together and chaos ensues
Stan Lee Cameo
Fluff and Angst
Humor
support group for people from the 40s who should be dead

fandom: 
Nico di Angelo/Will Solace
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

