Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text

 Chapter One 
 

 
It had been raining when they met. The sort of soft, insistent drizzle that soaks you through in a matter of seconds. The roads were slick after the heat of the day and the air had felt thick and heavy. Thor had been in a foul mood, finding his normal route home closed off and already feeling the rain seeping into his leathers. He almost hadn't noticed the skinny, bedraggled figure on the hard shoulder, throwing long arms up in frustration at a clapped out looking mustang.
Three months later, he was still thanking the gods he had. It had started as nothing, really. Thor knew he was being played almost as soon as he'd pulled over, but he'd take that aver never seeing him again. Looking over at his sleeping form, dark wisps of hair trailing over the pillow, Thor can't help smiling to himself. He looks so peaceful like this. It's the first time he's stayed the whole night - Thor usually wakes to find him long gone and it always stings him to find he's taken his fee, too. He knows he wants more, has known it since that first encounter. Maybe this time, maybe he'll stay...'Staring is creepy, Thor, stop it,' Loki mutters into his pillow, eyes still closed.'Sorry,' he chuckles in response. Loki props himself up on his elbows and drags a hand over his face.'Shit - what time is it? I told you not to let me sleep, you idiot!' he snaps as he swings his legs out of bed and starts grabbing his things, 'Never mind - just help me get my shit together and give me a ride back, yeah?' He's already a whirlwind of movement, dressing and fixing smudges of eyeliner before Thor can even get his jeans on. Maybe next time, he thinks.  It's still early and the ride back across town passes quickly; too quickly for Thor. He nips through the sparse morning LA traffic with ease, weaving his bike between lanes with practised ease, warm wind whipping at his face, Lokis arms holding tight around his waist. All too soon, he's pulling up at Loki's apartment block on the lower east side. He flicks down the kickstand and kills the engine, sighing when he feels Loki release his hold and dismount.'You really have to go?' he always asks. He knows the answer.Loki looks a little sad this time as he hands back his helmet and straightens out his hair.'I wish I didn't.' Thor raises his eyebrows, surprised at that – even more so when Loki pulls him into a parting kiss. 'but I have to.' Loki turns and is away, striding across the street before pausing at the door and looking back to Thor.'Maybe you should come here tonight...at least I wouldn't be late back then...' he calls across to Thor, clearly trying a little too hard to sound casual. Thor's face splits into a broad smile,'It's a date, I'll see you later.' Thor calls back. Loki nods in response and slips inside. Thor can't stop smiling the entire ride home. The rest of the day seems to crawl past – every time Thor looks at the clock, only a couple of minutes have passed in what feels like an age. He tries to throw himself into the latest project – a custom roadster with what he personally thinks is way too much chrome - but his focus is completely shot. It must be showing too, even Hogun is looking at him funny. It's only a small workshop and there's no way of avoiding the others. He's just thankful that Fandral is out front on the shop floor dealing with customers – he'd be interrogating Thor otherwise. He looks over the fuel tank he's been working on, turning it in his hands, checking for the tiniest flaw.Nope...perfect...good. Except...'Volstagg...this tank IS for the chrome monstrosity, yeah?' Thor shouts across the workshop. Volstagg looks up from welding and raises his goggles before booming back,'Only if by 'chrome monstrosity' you mean 'the 125cc with no chrome on it whatsoever'. 'Thor sits down heavily and lets his forehead meet the worktop with a thud.'Bollocks'....
The rotund older man pulls off his gloves and chuckles as he comes over, slapping a meaty hand on Thor's back.'Oh, you've really got it bad, haven't you?' Volstagg rumbles, beaming.Thor shrugs, or tries to, his head still on the worktop.Volstagg pats him affectionately 'Happens to the best of us, don't be too hard on yourself. Ah! Lunchtime!' Volstagg gives Thor a final slap that almost knocks the breath out of him and heads out in search of food. 
The rest of Thor's day isn't much better.He nicks or hits his fingers every time he works on a piece of shaping and manages to survive the afternoon only by grace of Hogun bringing him the occasional coffee and silent nod. Finally, it's time to shut everything up for the night and Thor steps out thankfully into the early evening air, breathing deeply. The city is just starting to buzz with life again as people prepare for their evenings excitement. There's still some time to kill before he can meet Loki, so he spends it picking up some vodka, beer and snacks before heading home to shower and change. Loki sounds stressed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Fandral/Loki
Loki/Thanos
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Modern AU
Biker!Thor
Hooker!Loki
Thorki - Freeform
Violence
Revenge
non-con
Rape
Child Abuse
Gore
Psychosis
Mpreg
pregnant!Loki
Pregnancy
Miscarriage
Bondage
BDSM
Rimming
Anal Sex
Fluff
Drug Abuse
Drug Addiction

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Fandral/Loki
Loki/Thanos
Loki/Other(s)

