Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 New York Times Opinion Editorial 

Why Captain America is Just Plain Wrong About America

Guest Contributor Dr. Darcy Lewis
               When I was a child, there was nothing I loved more than plopping myself in front of an old person and demanding a story. It didn’t matter if I knew them, whether they were doing something else, or even if they were the cashier at Target, I would sit down and demand a story before I was willing to move. After a while, my mother started bringing me to her job at a retirement community, in the hopes that I would stop bothering those poor seniors we met at the park who already had grandchildren to entertain.               One of the women at this retirement community was named Miriam*. She didn’t get many visitors, so more often than not, my mom would dump me in her room. Miriam was also my absolute favorite. Because she was German Jewish, she knew different fairy tales and stories from everyone else, and her strong accent meant that her villains actually sounded scary. I used to visit her almost every day.               Then one day she told me a new story. It was a story about a bad man with the power of a country behind him and the will to do terrible things. It was different from her other stories; this one was very clearly true. It’s not easy to explain the Holocaust to a six-year-old, but somehow she managed. At the end, she leaned into me and said, “A lot of people will tell you that the best thing about America is that it’s free, but they’re wrong. The best part of America is that it isn’t free.”               This, understandably, confused me to no end. After all, we weren’t called the Land of the Free for nothing. What did she mean? Weren’t we doing a lot better than a police state or a dictatorship? We had democratic elections, the Statue of Liberty, and Dairy Queen, for God’s sake! What more did she want from us? Freedom was a big deal, especially for a six-year-old pushing for a later bedtime.               “Darcy,” she explained, “what happens when you do something you’re not supposed to?”               “I get a time-out.”               “And when your parents do something they aren’t supposed to? If they steal something?”               “They go to jail.”               She walked me through the entire legal system and then started on the government. She explained that Congress, who was elected by the people, made laws for the people. These laws weren’t proper laws until the President—also elected by the people—approved them. Even then, they could be tossed out by the Supreme Court for being unconstitutional. The military worked the same way. War could only be declared by Congress, troops were controlled by the President, and all the strategy was put into action by the generals. This system of checks and balances, she explained, was the reason America wasn’t free. Hitler, on the other hand, was free to do whatever he wanted, and he wanted to take freedoms from everyone else.               “Sometimes you have to give up a little bit of freedom so you can be safe and happy,” she ended.               Well, this didn’t make any sense to six-year-old me, and I think six-year-old me and Captain America have that in common. What’s the point, after all, of people fighting and dying for freedom if you had to give it all away? That’s some HYDRA-level thinking right there.               It wasn’t until I got to high school—AP Government—that I fully understood what Miriam meant. When she said freedom, she meant power, or maybe agency. Throughout history, it has been demonstrated time and time again that unchecked power is an absolutely terrible idea. The Roman Empire had nothing on the Roman Republic, England only became a real power post-Magna Carta, and, well, I think there’s a reason the US has become the most powerful nation.               Yes, the average American sacrifices some level of their power to the government. We don’t—or, at least, shouldn’t—have civilians patrolling their neighborhoods to stop crime. We can no longer “settle things ourselves” or have a duel. We must pay taxes, and there’s just about no way any of us can buy a nuclear weapon. But we also reap incredible benefits—major things like a say in government, a mostly non-corrupt police force, due process, education, and national defense; minor things like sanitation, US Postal Service, national parks, and a whole bunch of quality internet memes. This is called the social contract, and it’s what makes societies function properly.               Now, here’s the part that I don’t think Captain America and the rest of the Avengers understand. There’s a reason America has always feared unchecked power. King George had the power to levy taxes on the colonists from 3,000 miles away. Daniel Shays could raise a mob of farmers to topple the new government. Because of this, no power is concentrated in any one person or group of people. That is, until superheroes started appearing on 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Awesome Darcy Lewis
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
One-Sided Attraction
Un - Freeform
steve rogers is an idiot
nobody listens
Darcy has good ideas
people are stupid
Darcy Lewis is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Drinking
Cupcakes
I project my obsessive love of desserts and bread onto darcy lewis
Competency
Competent Darcy
Whoops did I write a well-functioning branch of government?
Out of Character
Mostly the government
Darcy takes no one's shit

fandom: 
None
