Work Text:
It started out innocently enough.Tony had been in one of those moods again. You know, the ‘dangerously sleep deprived and incredibly erratic/insane’ kind of state, where he was switching between practically vibrating on a caffeine-fuelled high and blacking out for short periods of time only to wake up again a few minutes later with a sick feeling in his stomach.At that moment in time, he’d been in the ‘vibrating on the caffeine-fuelled high’ bracket, jumping around on the balls of his feet as he scurried through the kitchen, around and around the table much to Bucky and Steve’s amusement.“- and it’s really fucking incredible, really, how the nanoparticles we found on the remains of that ship could’ve been used to fucking…to fucking create, stuff. But then Big Bad Fury has to come and stomp all over my parade, and he takes my little robotic wonders away, cruel bastard. I don’t- I don’t- it was very mean, but if I could just, just find some way to replicate or-“Tony continued to ramble to them, hands flailing wildly as his words drifted off into nonsense, until he was simply making noises and hoping they would follow along.
They didn’t.Bucky had glanced at Steve with a raised eyebrow, and his friend simply shook his head in a mixture of amusement and genuine worry, which tony seemed to miss as he danced around and around and around the damn kitchen table- Bucky was getting dizzy just watching the man.“Hey, hey, babe, chill out. Stop,” Bucky said, jerking his hand out as Tony passed near him and grabbing a moving hand.Tony was pulled back, stumbling a little and ending up with Bucky having to support him more obviously, his hand moving up to the other man’s arm in order to prevent him from falling on his ass.Steve just watched on, his eyebrows raised in surprise at Bucky’s unexpected choice of language. To be honest, Bucky himself was a little shocked. It had been a long time since he’d ever called anyone something like that; he usually saved that sort of thing for… other stuff.But Tony just blinked a few times as he processed the words, then grinned manically and fluttered his eyelashes theatrically, making a swooning notion that ended up being completely real as Tony’s knees suddenly gave out.Instantly, both Steve and Bucky had their hands out, steadying their friend and communicating silently between them as they debated how to handle the situation. Sleep-deprived tony was a difficult one to manouvre, and they had to tread carefully.“Buckyyyy… did you just call me by a pet name?”“No.”“Aww, come on babydoll, don’t be like that.” Tony mumbled into his shoulder, patting at the metal arm gently and crooning a little as if he were stroking a gentle animal rather than the deadliest prosthetic in the world.Bucky just rolled his eyes and tried to fight off the blush. It was at times like this, when Tony was most open and tired and touchy-feely, that Bucky found it difficult to control the tidal wave of emotions that would sweep over him whenever Tony spoke, or whenever Tony smiled, or whenever tony existed in front of him.“You need to go to bed. Idiot.” Bucky said, frowning down at Tony’s face and pulling him up into standing, gesturing for Steve to make room so he could drag Tony toward his room instead of the workshop, where the engineer would undoubtedly scuttle off to if given half a chance.It took the combined efforts of Bucky’s shoving and Steve’s herding skills in order to trap Tony in his room, where they both watched as Tony looked at the bed suspiciously for a few seconds, before his body seemed to literally shut down as he stood, tumbling on to the bed with a small sigh of relief.Bucky saw the movement as Steve turned his head slightly, away from Tony and on to him instead, but he didn’t fancy turning away from the peacefully resting body in front of him, so he simply raised his eyebrows in silent question and waited for Steve to start.“You called him babe.”“Yes. I did.”Steve was silent for a moment, waiting to see if Bucky wanted to elaborate.He did not.“Okay. Want me to start calling him babe too?” Steve asked, his face completely straight except for the twinkle in his eyes that gave it away every time.God, Bucky had missed him.It didn’t stop him from giving him a scowl and shoving him against the frame of the door though, much to Steve’s amusement.“Fuck off, pal,”“Oh, only you are allowed to give him pet names then? I see how it is,” Steve shrugged, then yelped quietly when Bucky smacked him over the back of his head and made a grab for him, which Steve neatly sidestepped, running out of the room and into the corridor.Bucky glanced back at Tony, curled up happily on the mattress and looking more relaxed than he ever did when he was awake.“Quit bein’ a creep!” Steve yelled from down the corridor, chuckling in delight as Bucky rolled his eyes and swiveled around, running out of the door to chase his idiot friend around the tower.__________If only he’d have been aware of what he’d started that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Pet Names
Domestic Avengers
Team Bonding
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Feels
Flirting
Pining Bucky Barnes
Mutual Pining
Bucky Barnes-centric
Oblivious Tony Stark
4k Of Pure Fluff
Feels all round
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Team Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

