Chapter 1: Seeking Shelter, Finding Treasure
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)The sky was a bad color, and Tony could feel the bones in his face telling him there was a big storm on the way. The others all knew it, too and were circling to make nests in the snow. He'd have to cuddle up in the middle of the pack because the furs he tied on himself weren't as warm as their natural fur. He hated doing that during a storm. He had to lie still and be cold and bored for so long. There was still time to look for some shelter. He stood as tall as he could and turned in a circle, three hundred and sixty degrees. He remembered degrees and numbers, they were good to think about when it was dark and there was nothing to do. He saw something... it was a different white against the snow, a shape. Any shape was good, it'd cut the wind. He whined to draw the pack's attention and started off at the steady lope he'd learned to keep up with his friends. After a moment, the leader yelped in agreement and padded after him. Tony's height gave him the advantage in distance seeing, and they'd learned to respect that. They moved with quick efficiency over the hard-packed snow and reached the thing Tony had seen before the storm hit.The shape was big and oddly regular. There was something strange under the snow. The pack sniffed around until the leader declared himself satisfied that it was safe by curling up close to the highest rise of the shape. Tony was curious, so he walked around the thing, letting the shape get put together in his mind, length and height and width. Something teased at him. It was familiar. It was...an airplane! Yes. He remembered... he remembered the bad men lying to him and taking him on a plane ride, 'just for fun'. He went because he was bored. Mamma had got Daddy to take him along while he looked for something he'd lost in the cold country, but Daddy ignored him.The bad men ignored him, too, once they'd made him cry over the radio so Daddy could hear. Tony didn't want to cry, he knew that would be making trouble for Daddy; Daddy was busy doing much more important things than coddling Tony. Tony was a big boy, he should take care of himself and not need his nose wiped. But he fixed it. When they were saying bad things to Daddy, Tony got under the... he couldn't remember the words. He hadn't used words in so long; words upset the pack. He had got into the machine and he made it break. He'd thought they would just land and run away and he could call Daddy to come get him. But he broke it too good, and they fell. He didn't remember much after that for a while. Crying and being cold and then the wolves came, sniffing nervously around the broken plane and the broken bad men. He'd thought they were big white dogs so he'd followed them, thinking they'd go home. At first they growled and snapped and ran away from him, but he kept following them until he couldn't walk any more, and then he sat down in the snow and cried some more.And one of them came up to him and sniffed him all around. Then she licked his face and let him pull himself up by her shoulder fur.Mamma wolf had died years ago, and so had all the other wolves he'd met that day, but the pack stayed, changing like he changed, but still the same. He was taller and stronger, and he'd learned how to kill things with his hands and teeth, and he had fur on his face now. Not a lot, but some. He liked it, it helped make him feel more like a wolf. Only he was a smart wolf. Smart wolves don't stay out in the storm when there's something they can get into and be warm. He thought about airplanes; they're hollow, and like metal caves. He dug around in the snow until he found a break in the metal big enough to squeeze into the plane. He looked around by the light coming in from the hole he'd made. There wasn't any wind or much of anything, really. This would do. He howled until the pack leader came into the plane, treading nervously. They didn't like people things. People shot at them, and put out meat that made them die. But there were no people here, just a place out of the wind.After sniffing around and marking the doorway, the leader howled to bring in the others. The metal was uncomfortable to sleep on, but they curled up anyway and went to sleep to wait out the storm, Tony in the middle as usual, pillowed and pillow by his pack. He was quite pleased with himself.

***
After a while Tony woke up. He needed to pee. He went to the place the leader had marked and added his scent. He wasn't tired any longer, but the storm was still a muffled continuous growl outside so he couldn't go out. But it was a big plane; he could walk around. Maybe there would be mice. It wasn't likely, but you 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
POV Alternating
POV Alternating (Steve and Tony)
Feral!Tony
Crack Treated Seriously
No Underage Sex
Kidnapping
Mild torture
Humor
Fluff
No Sex
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

