Work Text:
Like most things in Tony’s life it all started with him spending time with someone, people getting pictures, and the media making up some ridiculous shit about his personal life that quickly spiraled into conspiracy theories.When he wakes up on Wednesday things are pretty normal- he slept for too long after staying up too late again and T’Challa was making him breakfast in the kitchen. T’Challa wasn’t always around but after their working together to get the Avengers off their charges and back into America they sort of hit it off. Tony hasn’t really been one for paying much attention to his attraction to men- too much shit from his father internalized he guessed- but he couldn’t seem to shake his appreciation for T’Challa. Seriously, his ass in that cat suit should be illegal material.“Did you sleep well?” T’Challa asks as he walks over and presses his forehead to T’Challa’s shoulder. He liked to ignore the height difference because he was not as short as people liked to think he was and he didn’t have to stand on boxes to look taller than Pepper for magazines. Not that they appeared together often these days but still. In the suit he was over six feet tall, which is taller than Steve so he was not short at all. Peter was absolutely not taller than him at fifteen.“I slept fine. When did you get here?” he asks. He wasn’t hear last night- Wakandan business called him away earlier in the week. He would have been upset about it if he hadn’t ended up spending the entire week helping Peter through exams and super villains. He was brilliant but biology was not his strength. Strange considering how much time he spent beating people up- you’d think he’d know a few things by now but nope.“Not long ago. FRIDAY let me in. Flying here is so strange; it is a nine hour flight yet I got here two hours after I left. Time zones,” he says, shaking his head and smiling down at Tony.“Yeah, yeah. Imagine losing all that time- it always screws up my system but thankfully I happen to be an insomniac so that doesn’t matter too much,” he says in a chipper tone. “So what’s cooking? Because I have never seen any of that stuff before.” He wondered how, exactly, T’Challa managed to get foreign food into the country. Actually he wanted to see someone challenge T’Challa on it because the king had a presence and it tended to be intimidating.“You better appreciate Wakandan food, if you do not I may have to leave you,” T’Challa says but he smiles so Tony knows it’s a joke, even if his stomach twists uncomfortably.“I’m sure I will. It smells good,” he says, sniffing at the air. It sort of pissed him off that all the other Avengers got to experience all this and Wakanda first but he supposed none of them got any of the joy of dating T’Challa so he was winning.“Lovely. So, out of curiosity do you have anything to tell me?” T’Challa asks almost too casually.Tony ignores his instinct to answer immediately and thinks about it. Nothing immediately comes to mind nor does anything else seem relevant upon examination, “not that I know of. Uh… I’m thinking of getting a cat,” he says when T’Challa frowns a little at him.“You are sure that you have nothing to tell me? Because I do not appreciate secrets,” he says and Tony pulls away.“Yeah, neither do I. Did you forget the whole deal in which one of my best friends lied to me about the circumstances of my parent’s deaths for two years? I’m not keeping anything from you,” he says with perhaps too much attitude. T’Challa doesn’t look convinced, which pisses Tony off more at least until T’Challa hands him this morning’s news paper with a picture of him and Peter eating lunch on it. “Oh my god, did you really buy into this?” he asks, laughing at the first paragraph outlining the possibility of Peter being Tony’s fucking kid. This was a new development in the mystery of Tony spending time with Peter actually, and honestly that was just too good…“I do not find this amusing, you did not mention children aside from saying that you do not like them,” T’Challa says.“I don’t like them and I don’t have them, but this is good, I like this. I’m gunna use this,” he says, pulling out his phone so he could stir these rumors up a little. He wanted to see what would happen. T’Challa, however, does not find the fake news about the potential for Peter to be Tony’s son amusing.*Peter is confused by the sudden interest in himself by both his peers and Tony but he’d take it because the only reason he was even getting a good grade in biology was because of Tony. And he was having a difficult time processing the physics unit his teacher recently started so Tony’s help was greatly appreciated.“Okay,” Ned says, “what does he eat for breakfast?” He says this slowly and seriously because Ned is surprisingly invested in the weirdly personal details of Tony Stark’s personal life.“I don’t know, toast?” Peter says. He’s never seen Tony eat breakfast; actually he’s never even seen Tony before noon. Huh.“You need to find out,” Ned
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Riri Williams
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Humor
Precious Peter Parker
Riri Is A Gift
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
kind of
More like everyone thinks he's a dad
but hes the best damn fake dad ever
Tony retires
this is going to be a series
because reasons

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Riri Williams
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

