Work Text:
 He should have worked it out sooner. But then, Steve always was a sneaky little bastard—had to have been, just to survive this long (Bucky did his best to protect him, but he couldn’t be everywhere).Perhaps there were clues he should have picked up on. Like Steve begging off going out dancing most of the times Bucky tried to get him to go out. But so what? The guy didn’t like being ignored. Bucky would only force the issue if he’d found Steve a girl, and Steve never ducked out of their double dates.He naturally assumed that if Steve didn’t want to go out with him, Steve stayed home. He was always in bed when Bucky came home, snoring away. (Seriously, the second worst thing about sharing with Steve was his snoring. Someone said it was the asthma, but whatever it was, the kid snored like a guy four times his size.)Then one night, just after Steve turned nineteen, Bucky came home early. His date had nearly passed out from the heat barely half an hour after they’d set out, and, being the gentleman he was, he’d walked her home. Then he was so near home and it was so hot that he didn’t much care for going back out, so headed home.The place was empty. There was no note, and Steve would always leave a note, even if he’d just gone to the corner store. So what the hell was going on? Steve hadn’t been sick, and if there had been some accident, he was sure one of their neighbors would have waited around to tell him.Bucky waited. He kept the lights off. That was what they did in the movies, didn’t they? That train of thought led him wondering about every kind of criminal connection that Steve might have. But that couldn’t be right. Not only was Steve good through and through, he’d damn well hope that spending his evenings in a life of crime would bring in more money than what their income reflected at the moment.Steve didn’t come home until half past eleven, flicked the light on as he came in and visibly jumped when he saw Bucky seated on the ratty couch.He looked guilty as all hell. Shit, what if he was wrapped up in something criminal? What could Bucky do?Steve closed the door carefully. “You’re home early.”“Where you been, Steve?”“I went round to check on Mrs. Riley.”Steve was a terrible liar, and even if he wasn’t, he was close enough for Bucky to smell the faint tinges of cigarette smoke and alcohol on his clothes. “No, you ain’t. I’ve been here since eight, and you smell of booze. You went out. Without me.” Bucky was genuinely offended that Steve would go out without him. Sure, he complained about being invisible next to Bucky, but that was no reason to dump your best friend. And Bucky always did his best to talk Steve up to the girls, get them to pay him some attention.Steve was chin up, defiant. “So what if I did? I changed my mind after you left.”That wasn’t it, or at least not all of it. Bucky was missing something—missing something big, but he couldn’t work out what. “Where’d you go?”“Newhaven Club.”“Helluva long way to go for a spur of the moment night out.”“Maybe I didn’t want to run into anyone I knew.”They could dance around this all night, and Bucky was sick of it already. Steve never lied to him. Why was he lying now? “Quit lying, Steve. What the hell’s going on? You in trouble? Tell me you ain’t got the wrong side of the mob.”“No, not in trouble. I—sorry. Just—sorry.”“C’mon Steve, talk to me.”Steve closed his eyes, looked pained. “I was—I was at the One-Thirty.”The name meant nothing to Bucky. “The One-Thirty?”Steve didn’t open his eyes, and swallowed hard before answering. “It’s—It’s a queer bar.”Bucky felt his mouth open. A queer bar. Steve had gone out to a queer bar. Which meant—“You’re a fairy.”“No! I just—sometimes. It’s easier, with guys, okay? Just—easier.”Strangely, that made complete sense. Steve’s number one insecurity was his height. Queers had to have less hangups about height than dames did.But still—Steve? With a guy? He was—he was the last person Bucky would have pegged as a invert. He was a good kid. Didn’t tangle with the law.But he could also be damned reckless when he thought something was right. So—Steve thought it was okay. To do... that. With a guy.His brain finally caught up with him—”sometimes.” So more than once. A regular thing.“You—you do this every time I go out without you?”“Not every time.”Bucky’s world had just turned upside down. It was so—unexpected? He knew some guys went to queer bars sometimes. He remembered Charlie drunkenly telling three of them, “S’not like that, you get yourself a little fairy, some of ‘em even in dresses, get ‘em face down in bed, s’just like a dame. ‘N they put out easy. Those fairies want it. Don’ even have to try. Don’ mean you’re one of them.”Charlie was a bullshitter, so it was even odds whether he’d ever nailed a fairy. But he was pretty sure some of the other guys he was friends with probably had. Just—just not Steve.At least Steve wasn’t a fairy. He had a sudden mental image of some dumb hairy-assed jerk like Charlie shoving 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
First Time
Pre-War
Period-Typical Homophobia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

