Work Text:
Stark hadn’t left either of them alone since he found out that Thor had been invited to their little bedroom tumble and he--the man who owned the damn tower they were staying in he liked to point out--was left out.  After they discarded that as an incredibly weak reason he should be included, he moved on to pleading with them to get them to try a few new things.  “I’m telling you, it’s going to change your world,” he assured Nat as he moved his hand to her shoulder.  His smile could’ve been considered affectionate, even genuine, if not for the flash of intrigue and mischief just beneath it all.  Somehow Natasha doubted it all, though she couldn’t deny that it was an interesting thought.  She and Steve hadn’t exactly messed with toys; he’d always seemed so skittish around them, never sure if he’d be able to tell if she liked or didn’t like something without being physically attached to her.  It was a lame excuse, she knew, but it was the one that he clung to and she let him.  He’d been so open and so willing with everything else.  Perhaps, though, it was time to address that issue.   A few weeks later Natasha found herself strapped into a small, leather seat, the coldness of the fabric bringing goosebumps to Nat’s skin as her body struggled to adjust.  Her hands and legs had both been restrained in metal bindings, the undersides and edges that would come in contact with Nat’s skin padded to keep her from feeling the brunt of the force..  There was a dildo pressed to the folds of her core, already slicked up from Steve’s tongue when he’d done his best to get her warmed up not five minutes ago.  Another shiver ran up her spine at the thought.  Oh he was getting so good at that.  “You’re sure about this?”  He didn’t sound so, Nat couldn’t help but notice, and did her best to shoot him a reassuring smile through the gag that Tony had placed in her mouth.  She pretended not to know that they hadn’t placed bets on how long it’d take her to render it useless.  Clint was on the right track, giving her ten minutes tops, and as though he could read her mind she heard the archer clearing his throat from across the room.  He and Banner were both watching, the latter invited to make sure that Natasha wasn’t in any danger (assuming Tony’s judgement would be blinded) and the former, well, because he wanted to see the show.  He wasn’t about to pass up watching Tony’s machines work their supposed magic on Nat.  Besides, if they were as great as the engineer said they were Clint might want a chance.  Tony’s voice snapped Nat back to the present.  “You sure you’re feeling okay?” He asked, concern tinting his voice enough to bring a weak smile to Nat’s face, lips contorting around the ball gag keeping her silent.  She nodded, wondering how many times either of them were going to ask her the same damn question.  Why weren’t they getting on with the show?  She let out a low groan as the machine pressed the purple cock inside her, biting down hard on the plastic that muffled her speech as she looked down to see the last few inches of it disappear inside her.  Stark set the speed low so that she could adjust to it, and Nat was still reeling from the lack of how full she felt without the warmth of a body pressed  against her thighs.  Steve was holding her hand, letting her squeeze his fingers as the dildo was removed, then pressed back inside her again, the speed hell on her nerves.  She was sure there would be marks from where her teeth and gnashed against the gag, especially when Tony flipped one small switch on the remote he was holding.  The vibration was a nice touch, but what got her was how it seemed to almost feel more realistic, the plastic not only vibrating but twitching within her already, doing an almost perfect imitation of how Steve acted as he neared his orgasm.  Out of pure instinct, her walls tightened around it, upping the sensations so that her back arched off of the seat and Steve’s name was muffled as it wormed its way out of her throat.  He squeezed her hand back and somewhere above her she heard Tony murmur something to her lover.  With her attention so focused on the now quickening pace of the machine she’d completely missed the small personal massager--or at least that’s what it looked like--Steve had been holding in his other hand.  There wasn’t much avoiding it, however, once he turned it on and pressed it lightly to her clit.  The scream that ripped its way through her mouth wasn’t human, a mix of shock and pleasure and OhGodyesyesyesmore that had her seeing stars from the sensations.  Taken aback, Steve pulled the small wand away from her, eyes flashing a fear that Nat was sure was reflected in hers, though it was more or less a fear that he’d stop.  “Please, don’t stop,” she begged around the gag, unsure if he could understand what she was saying.  Tony got the message loud and clear and chuckled, but it was Clint who stood up to help Steve along.  His hands were strong as they took the super
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Mentioned Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M
Foursome - F/M/M/M
Sex Toys
Fucking Machines
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Double Vaginal Penetration
Restraints
Gags
Orgy
Poor Thor got left out this time
slight artistic license with what the human body can do
Prompt Fill
Fisting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Mentioned Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

