Chapter 1





Chapter Text

August, 1983
It’s a hot night so Clint is sprawled out across his bunk, one arm flopping off the edge and the other flung restlessly against the splintery wooden wall of the caravan.He’s half awake, listening to people arguing outside, but he’s not really worried.  People argue all the time here, and sometimes punches are thrown, but they rarely bother Clint or Barney.The voices stop so Clint closes his eyes again, rolling onto his stomach and hoping maybe he’ll find a cool piece of sheet, if he moves around enough.There’s a crash outside and he startles all the way awake again, clutching his blanket in a deathgrip when the caravan door flies open and Barney comes running in.He looks scared.  Clint hates it when Barney looks scared. When Barney’s scared, it means that either someone has hurt him or someone’s about to hurt Clint.“Come on,” Barney hisses, “get up.”Clint really doesn’t want to, but Barney told him to, so he does.  He tumbles out of bed and grabs the too-big pair of sneakers that Trickshot bought for him, out from under his bed.“Where are we going?” Clint asks, sliding his feet into the shoes and clinging onto the bottom with his toes so they don’t fall off when he tries to walk.“Everyone outside, they said,” Barney says and gives Clint a shove in the middle of the back to get him moving.  “Don’t get me in trouble by being late.”Clint wants to argue that he wouldn’t, but he always seems to get Barney in trouble, so he keeps quiet.  There’s a massive group of people gathering out on the green space in front of where they’ve set up the Big Top. Clint sees lots of people he recognises but there always seem to be new people around a circus, and there’s an angry looking man with long black hair at the front, who he doesn’t know at all.“Who’s that?” Clint whispers to Barney, but Barney shakes his head, which either means he doesn’t know or he isn’t telling.The angry man is yelling at their Ringmaster, which Clint didn’t think anyone was allowed to do.  Clint tries to creep closer to hear what they’re saying, but Barney grabs hold of his collar and keeps him back.“Stay out of it,” he tells Clint firmly, making narrow, meaningful eyes at him.Clint huffs but shuffles back to Barney’s side.  He’s tired and he doesn’t understand what’s going on.After what feels like forever, and just as Clint’s thinking about maybe having a nap on the grass, the Ringmaster turns to all the assembled carnies and spreads his hands.“Friends, this man says his son has run away with a girl from our troop.  He claims that we’re harbouring them.  Does anyone know anything about that?”Clint looks up at Barney – Barney knows the older kids better than Clint does – but Barney doesn’t look like he looks when he’s hiding something.No one says anything.Everyone starts to close ranks, stepping into one big knot in the middle of the grass.If Clint stands on his tiptoes, he can still see the Ringmaster.  The angry man next to him is starting to look even angrier.“Barney,” Clint whispers, reaching back for Barney’s hand.  Barney shakes him off, too busy whispering with one of the girls who works with the horses.  Clint thinks Barney sort of likes her.The angry man’s black hair seems to be kind of glowing.“Barney!” Clint says again and, this time, he manages to catch hold of Barney’s hand, digging his nails in so that Barney can’t shake him off, no matter how hard he tries.“What? For fu-” Barney stops shouting at Clint and stares where he’s pointing.The really angry man looks like he’s on fire, but the fire isn’t red, it’s silver and rising up from the ground around him.“Get down,” Barney says and tugs Clint to the floor.  By the time their knees hit the dirt, the whole world has gone dark.

***
September, 2013Clint is standing in the middle of the corridor, trying to choose between shooting holes in things down on the range or just going to veg in front of the TV with Thor, when the dining room door opens and Phil Coulson steps out.He’s been in there with Tony and Steve all afternoon and he sure looks like it, his normally neat edges more than a little frayed.“Hey, sir,” Clint says, grinning at him and slouching back against the wall.  He likes to give the impression of lurking sometimes; it freaks people out, which is one of his favourite things to do.He never seems to freak Phil out, but he’s sure he’ll hit on a way eventually.“Barton,” Phil says, nodding.  He closes the door behind himself, cutting off the sounds of Tony and Steve arguing over… something.  Clint could probably work out what if he really put his mind to it, but it’s not laser arrows and it’s not an imminent alien threat so why bother?“Having fun?” Clint asks.  Phil starts down the corridor so Clint falls into step with him.  Following Phil around is more fun than shooting things  or listening to Thor try to fathom out RuPaul’s Drag Race.Phil turns to him, opens his mouth then closes it and shakes his head.  “No,” he says.  This isn’t the firs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Secretly a Virgin
Mutual Pining
Lots of UST
Loki is unhelpful
Clint really hates magic
magical curses
implied background Steve/Natasha
no longer a WIP
slightly a fairytale
First Times
Blowjobs
Rimming

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

