Work Text:
The instant he entered his house, he knew. There was the buzzing at the back of his head, the hairs of his neck gone all prickly, a stillness to the air and a blanket of silence that was impossible without soundproofing the Parkers could never afford. The biggest worry now was that the family car was parked out front. 
Peter shed the backpack and whisked out his webshooters. Aunt May didn’t know, not yet, preferably not ever, but he was not taking chances. Something had gone very wrong in his house. He almost called out for her but thought better of it. He opened the door quietly enough when he came in, he could still have some element of surprise. Softly but swiftly he surged forward. The stairs weren’t worth the risk, so he took to the wall to avoid springing any creaks and groans from old battered wood. He scuttled upward, praying under his breath.
The door to his Aunt May’s bedroom was slightly ajar. Enough that he could see her feet on the bed, one over the other as if lying curled on her side. He traversed to the roof and gently, with great hesitance, he pushed the door open with two fingers. 
She was asleep. Coiled in the fetal position and still in her work clothes, hands clapped together under her cheek. Peter watched her for a moment, the steady dread still not dissipating until he realized what was wrong: she wasn’t moving. Not a hair.
His spider senses pulsed. He dropped down to rush to her side and still couldn’t see anything amiss in the room, reaching for her shoulder to shake her awake. “Aunt –“ He stopped with horror. What should have been soft cotton and skin was as hard as stone. “Aunt May?!” He tried to jostle her. Touch her cheek, make a wrinkle in her shirt. It was the same woman, real as day with pores in her skin and wispy hair spilled over the pillow, but she was as still as a statue and just as unyielding. He couldn’t move her.
“How like them, to take in a stray.”
The voice came from behind. Peter whirled around and found a man he had never seen before standing perfectly centre in the door frame. He was tall, regally dressed for an age long past in green robes and golden metal, with a pale face formed by high, proud bones. His eyes were blue and they sliced through him even though the stare was lazy, as if Peter were nothing more than a speck of dirt. His hair was long, slick and black, and Peter’s immediate impression was of snakes spilling from the crown of his head. 
“Who are you?” Hot fury rose in his cheeks and curled his fists. “Undo it. Whatever you did to her, you turn it off right now.”
“Of course, one must wonder whether there are any standards to be had at all. You’re hardly a Stark, certainly not a Banner or a Romanoff. You wouldn’t even be qualified to sweep the ship.”
Peter’s fists clenched further, the nails boring into his skin. It was unbelievable. “You’re talking about the Avengers?”
“Clearly.”
“Then go take this to them. What are you doing here? Do you even know me? What have I ever done to you?” Livid, he pointed to his Aunt, frozen on her duvet. “What has she?”
“Not a thing. Don’t throw a fit, I was merely extending her a courtesy. She’ll be free the moment I am gone.” Suddenly he was not at the door, but at Peter’s side and patting Aunt May on her head. He froze to the spot, stunned. “I thought it best to spare her all of this nasty business, poor little thing. Worked to the bone since your Uncle passed.”
The shock broke. A mangled yell of indignation ripped through him and Peter slung his fist at the man, only to find himself slamming into the floor on his back. The man had barely moved. Caught him by the fist and just twisted. “What a temper.”
“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!” Peter flung himself upright and the man had disappeared again, only until Peter caught sight of the standing mirror and saw him standing inches behind, eyes boring into his reflection just as sharply as they did in person. He was flipped around and sent careening into the glass, little shards of it threaded close enough through his clothes to scrape but not impale. Lucky him. The man pinned him there with a hand at his throat and slid him upwards. The shattered glass tinkled and clinked as it fell out from where Peter’s body had suspended it, and this time he did get a long shallow cut from a stubborn piece that insisted on staying put while his shoulder grazed over top of it.
“I am your King,” growled the man through a bitter smile. “I am humanity’s hope. I am a god, and you are the soil beneath my shoe, you insipid little maggot.”
Peter’s lip curled. Even afraid as he was when the connection hit (this had something to do with Thor; it had absolutely everything to do with Thor when ‘gods’ and magic were involved), he couldn’t stop himself from squeezing out a retort, “We don’t have kings here. Get out of my house.”
His response was the back of the man’s hand swatting him across the face. It felt more like a baseball bat than flesh and blood. “If you dare speak so disrespectfully to m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Crossover
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Loki/Peter Parker

