Work Text:
Bucky laughs at Sam’s bad joke and turns to face Natasha who is standing at his elbow looking insistent. “You have a call.”He excuses himself and walks up the stairs to his office, closing the door behind him and sitting at his desk.  He lifts the phone to his ear and smiles, “This is Agent Barnes.”“Did you get my card?”Bucky nearly drops the phone and stands, waving frantically at Natasha through the window.  He catches her eye and she nods, gesturing to her ear and mouthing we’re tracing him.“I did,” Bucky says after a pause.  He trails his fingers over the notecard sitting on his desk.  It had been processed, fingerprinted, traced and decoded only to come back clean.  It was from Steve, handwritten, congratulating him on his promotion and that was all anyone could find.  “Thank you.  How’ve you been?  Last I heard you were in Switzerland.”Steve chuckles low and dark and Bucky tries to focus on the background noises he hears.  People, maybe a carousel. A park or mall, maybe.  “You can save yourself the trouble of the trace.  I’m at the Westfield Garden State in Paramus.  I’ll be gone before you can get anyone here.”“Jersey?  You’re slumming it.  But at least you’re back in the states, now.  It’s been a while; do you miss me enough to come see me?”Steve laughs again and Bucky can’t help but smile.  “Thanks, but no thanks.”“Oh that’s right.  You’re on the run from me.  Almost forgot.”“Not you, never you.  The FBI, though, definitely.”Bucky twirls the cord around his finger and leans back in his chair, turning around to look out the window.  “I’m not supposed to take that personally?  Because I’m kind of taking it personally.”“Bucky,” Steve says with a sigh, “Look, I’m not – I don’t.  They’re going to move a stolen relic.  The money is dirty, the whole operation is dirty.  The money goes into drugs and weapons and people are getting hurt.  He’s your guy who moved the counterfeit Magritte –”“That you forged.”“Allegedly.  But that’s not the point.”“That is the point, Steve.  That’s the whole point.”“Bucky, please.  What they have is an original document from the Spanish Inquisition and they’re trading it for a cache of weapons.  Art is currency because it’s a whole lot easier to carry around than six million dollars in briefcases.  The meet is going to happen next Tuesday at three in the morning, by the Sandy Hook light.”He turns around and scrabbles for the yellow notepad and a pen and jots down what Steve told him.  He’s still writing when Steve sighs.“I have to go.”“Yeah,” Bucky says.  “I know.”“Bye, Buck.”Bucky doesn’t even get to say goodbye, not that he ever does.  He hangs up and is still looking down at his notes when Natasha pokes her head into his office.  “A payphone –”“Paramus, yeah.   He told me,” Bucky says, looking up with a grim smile.  “What’s the police ETA on that?”“They’re still five minutes out.”“He’ll be long gone by then.”Natasha nods, crossing her arms over her chest and leaning in the doorway.  “Yeah.  He’s trying to help you.”Bucky laughs humorlessly.  “He’d help me a lot more if he turned himself in.”She looks at him in that frightening way that makes her an excellent interrogator and nods once, shifting her weight to stand upright again.  “No.  I think it would be worse for you if he did.”--“He really is quite handsome,” Peggy says, reaching out and taking a bite of Steve’s pretzel.  “You know, for a suit.”“His name is Bucky,” Steve tells her.  Again.  Pointlessly, of course, because she’ll still call him ‘The Suit.’They watch Bucky standing outside the New York FBI headquarters, talking to the scary redhead and her guy Friday.  Natasha and Sam.  They work for Bucky, but it’s clear even to someone as far removed as Steve that they work better as an equal, cohesive unit than as supervisor and employees.  And Bucky was never too great at being a boss for the sake of being a boss.  Steve looks him over in his smooth, gray suit and dark blue tie.  His hair is wavy and windswept, a lock of it falling across his forehead.  He smiles, pushes his sunglasses farther up his nose and Steve feels that old, familiar throb deep in his chest.  Has to swallow down against it to keep it from choking him.“Do you really think your sweetheart will help us?”Steve turns to look at her, the sunlight making the loose brown curls that frame her pale face almost glow.  She raises a neat eyebrow, her dark red lips quirking up in a grin.  “Come, now.  Don’t tell me you’re going to take exception to that.”“No,” Steve says with a sad smile. “He’ll help if I ask.  I’m not sure I want to.”“Why the hell not?” She asks, indignant and a little miffed.“I don’t want him mixed up in this, Peggy.”“Oh,” She says, and he can feel the sarcasm of that one word like a physical punch to the gut.  “Oh, of course.  That’s fine.  Let’s just scrap the whole plan then.  It’s a good thing people don’t want to kill you.”Steve frowns, watches as Sam says something to Bucky and Bucky laughs.  He can’t hear it, not from all th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
white collar au
Bucky is an FBI Agent
Steve is an art forger
Peggy is Mozzie
And Bucky and Steve have been stupid in love since the dawn of time
I stole so many quotes from White Collar
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

