Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Avengers grimaced as they were forced onto their knees with their maniacal captor standing over them. “When you are ready, simply call out,” he said, waving his hand at his minions to take them away. They were tossed into a cell and the door sealed shut behind them. Steve cursed as soon as the door was shut, instantly sitting up and trying to undo his cuffs to no avail. Tony was cuffed along with Natasha. “Can’t these people come up with a less stereotypical dungeons? I feel like we’re in the Middle Ages here,” Tony groaned, his eyes scanning the barren, molding walls, sniffing at the dank, rotting smell that came from the hole in the floor he assumed was for… relieving one’s self.   “Captain, take note, remind me to build a modern dungeon for any prisoners we may take.”The Captain rolled his eyes, pulling at his cuffs. “I’m not Jarvis, Iron Man.”“Well, take heart, I’ll send Jarvis the message when I get the chance.” They exchanged a meaningful look, Tony had activated his tracker, Jarvis was already working on finding them and sending help.“Tell me again why we didn’t take Thor and Br… Hulk?” Tony grumbled. “We’d have been out of here five minutes ago?”Steve sighed, “We were going for quiet, we were taking a risk even bringing you, Iron Man. Next time we bring Thor rather than you.”“What?!” he squawked. “I am the definition of ‘quiet’! Agent even approved me for the mission.”Steve rolled his eyes. “Thor’s body doesn’t get disabled and then turn onto a giant pile of metal.”Tony’s face darkened and prepared to pull out his more vicious jabs before Steve held up a hand, pointing to Black Widow.Natasha had been oddly silent this entire time, her eyes hard and cold. Tony looked around, trying to figure out what had set her off, “What? That smell? Smells like Thor when he decided to try to fix the 'mighty tank of septic' for Foster.”“Someone’s here,” she muttered, her eyes scanning. Steve looked around, his eyes scanning carefully. “Where, Widow? A camera?”“No, person. There are signs. That grate,” she muttered quietly, her eyes fixed carefully on a wall vent ten feet up, her hands busy trying to get her cuffs off. They didn’t question Black Widow. Tony snapped to attention now, his eyes roaming. “Come out, come out, wherever you are!” he called. Stripped of his suit, he slid over next to Steve. He was cocky, not stupid.“Ollie Ollie oxen-free!” Tony tried again. Steve rolled his eyes, “Enough, Iron Man. Whomever’s in here, come out, please.”“Please? Please!” Tony laughed. “You’ll be polite to anyone, Cap! What if he’s an axe-murderer?” “And what if he or she is trapped here like us?” It was a long tense moment before the vent opened a crack, the cover was pulled back into the hole by a dirty hand. Natasha stood back against the wall, tense, while Steve stood beside her, Tony pinned behind them. “Is anyone having flashbacks to that horror movie we watched last week?” Tony quipped. Steve could just make out two eyes peering at him, an eerie gray-blue. Steve gestured for the man or woman to come out. A long moment later a pair of legs stretched out and reached for the floor, a bare torso, wiry and dirty appeared before the definitely-man landed on the floor, unfolding to a not so lofty five foot ten inches. His hair was a muddied brown and his skin tinged with dirt.Tony grimaced in distaste. The guy was filthy, whipcord thin, and just this side of badly beaten up. He put his back to a corner and crouched there, silent and still, his eyes half-lidded. He looked like he used to be fairly healthy, his body shaped like a Greyhound’s, thin but muscular, streamlined. “This… is super creepy,” Tony finally said. “Who are you?” Natasha asked a second later. There was no response, so she stepped forward, aggressive. Her counterpart went from a semi-sleep state to full battle-ready in a blink. His hand braced against the wall and body turned to make a smaller target, he settled his weight on his back leg, ready to kick with his front. Tony raised an eyebrow when Widow took a step back. It took a lot to get Natasha too back down from a fight and this man didn’t appear to be able to stand up to a strong wind much less the Black Widow. She settled back down, her eyes searching the man, still poised to strike. Steve, being Captain America, tried for the friendly approach. “Hi,” he started, tentatively. “Sorry to take your cell. We didn’t really have much choice. I’m Captain America, this is Iron Man, and that’s Black Widow. How long have you been here?”No response. Not even the flicker of an eye at the mention of the Avengers’ names. Tony whistled, trying to draw the other man’s attention. “Excuse me. Little fella? You sleeping?”Again, nothing. The man eventually shifted a few moments later and they saw the collar around his neck, thick and heavy, a red light flashing, muted beneath the dirt. “What’s that? A recording device?” Tony asked, his fingers itching to touch, to play with. They gave up talk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
AU
SHIELD
Battle
Mild torture
mild violence
sneaky coulson
Deaf Clint Barton

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

