Work Text:

Roses and Lime Blossoms
 Tony was acting cagey. Steve knew it, but it was also kind of normal? Sometimes Tony just got kind of… weird. He’d be very affectionate one day and then kind of distant another, but Pepper and Jim said that was normal, because his brain was going so fast. It was nice to be able to see him in the workshop, though, even if the omega still ate without washing his hands. At least some things never changed. Then Steve found a pretty bouquet on his bed. This was a different kind of cagey. He took it to Natasha immediately. “Ew. Steve,” she groaned, rolling her eyes, and slammed the door in his face. Steve frowned down at the bouquet. He didn’t know what it meant. The door opened again and Natasha slapped a book in his face before slamming it back shut. The title was The Language of Flowers. Steve picked it up and awkwardly scuttled back to his room to figure out what Tony was trying to tell him that made another alpha slam the door in his face. He went to his table and guiltily pulled the flowers apart, separating them into piles. Hopefully he could put it back together again. It had been very beautiful. He opened the book to carnations and yelped when he saw each color had a different meaning. There were so many different meanings for just one flower?! This might take a while. He took a deep breath. Natasha had helped him by giving him this book. She probably had it memorized anyway. Red carnations were simple enough; they meant deep, romantic love and passion. Steve couldn’t help blushing a little. Sometimes Tony still got a little skittish, afraid he would push him away, and it took everything in him not to roar and demand the names of the people that had caused that to make them pay for it. Still, though—deep, romantic love? He felt his heart swell a little with affection for the omega. There were tiny purple flowers that took a little longer to identify, but he eventually decided that they were heliotrope—devotion. He took a moment to cover his face, hiding his stupid grin, then returned his gaze to the book. What a lovely thing to admit to. Then he looked up irises, blue so deep at the edges of the petal that they almost looked purple to pale blue like the sky at the center. His heart beat a little faster when the book said ‘good news.’ What good news? Was this why he was acting so cagey? He tapped his foot and wondered if he should go find the brunet immediately to find out what the good news was, then calmed himself down. Tony was in meetings all day—Pepper had said so—so it wasn’t like he’d be able to see him anyway. The next flower looked kind of like lilacs, but it definitely wasn’t—he’d smelled lilacs, and this wasn’t it. He cursed quietly when he found it near the end of the book, in the W’s. Wisteria. He couldn’t help his brow furrowing in confusion when he saw that it meant ‘welcoming.’ Was this Tony’s way of saying that he was welcoming his affections? Thank God. Except he’d done that a while ago. Maybe he was welcoming something else? Maybe if he figured out what the last flower was, it would give him an idea. He flipped through the book several times, found many flowers that it could have been, but none that it actually was; there was always a small but very important difference between the pictures and his flowers. He sighed and set the book aside, crossing his arms in thought. Then he called Natasha. “Help.” 
“Oh my God, I gave you the book, the book is idiot-proof.”
 “I can’t get this white flower.” 
“I stand corrected. You have transcended idiot and gone to moron.”
 “Please help.” 
“They’re lime blossoms, they’re in there, don’t talk to me for three days.”
 Steve flinched when she hung up on him but dutifully looked up lime blossoms. No wonder he’d had trouble. All he’d seen were pictures of limes. He’d have to thank Natasha for her help later, maybe even give her some— “AH!” he yelped, tossing the book. He covered his burning cheeks, mortified. 
He’d shown up at Natasha’s door with flowers that meant fornication.
 “Just let me die,” he whispered, wondering why he did not just spontaneously combust, because his face was that hot. “Agent Romanoff has asked me to inform you that that may be arranged,” JARVIS told him pleasantly. Steve stared at the deconstructed bouquet. “I’m free for that right now.” .-.-.-.-.-. Natasha gave the blond an unreadable look for quite some time. Steve wheezed. She’d kicked him in the sternum. “…How long has it been since Tony gave you that bouquet?” she asked once he’d regained his breath. “Two days.” She gave him a swift kick in the side, making him yelp and wheeze again. “Answer him, you idiot! He’s going into heat soon!” All Steve could do was let out another vaguely concerned wheeze. “I don’t know what he sees in you. You’re such an idiot,” Natasha hissed, stalking around him and waiting for him to get up. She was nice about only kicking him when he was down one time. “I should have stolen him from you when I had the chance.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Humor
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
I thought this series was over and then I wrote this god damn it all
Porn With Plot
But just a little plot
Language of Flowers
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

