Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Before the Avengers, Tony would have said he preferred being alone when he worked in the ‘shop. After the Avengers fell the fuck apart, he’d vehemently maintained the same, insisted that it had never changed.But there had been a small window of time where that wasn’t true. He’d had just over two years to realize he didn’t mind having other warm bodies moving around in his space. He’d liked watching the team attempt to befriend his bots, enjoyed the brief and infrequent look of awe in their eyes when they found something he was working on that actually interested them. Tony had loved being deep in day two of an engineering trance and still feeling the presence of one or more of his team members lingering in his workshop. He’d liked believing they were there to check on him and his wellbeing because they actually cared. He’d liked thinking they were looking out for him.Knowing now that in that last year (at the very least, maybe even before then) that they were mostly there to keep him from building anything too dangerous or ‘yet another murder-bot’ kind of destroyed the warm fuzzies the memories used to give him. Such was life.Then the Avengers left him, most of them fucking off to Wakanda after sticking their toes into the villainy pool, because why not? The rest (meaning Rhodey and Vision, thanks for leaving the Avengers, Rogers) returned to living at the compound during the week to handle things there. From what he gathered during their weekend stays at Stark Tower, ‘handling things’ mostly involved getting drunk (Rhodey), waxing poetic about life and chaos (Vision), destroying many of the personal effects the other Avengers had left behind (drunken Rhodey), burning down the kitchen (angry Vision), and researching possible new recruits (hungover Rhodey and sheepishly embarrassed Vision).They mostly left Tony to his own devices during the week, though he was expected to help them pick new Avengers on the weekend, so he had to get used to the ‘shop being empty. What choice did he have, after all? None, because the Avengers were gone, Stark men were made of iron, and he’d been alone with his thoughts and inventions for most of his life, so he could fucking handle this.And he did.He built things for Rhodey (legs first, then a pretty astonishing number of upgrades for the War Machine armor), built things for SI, and built things for the baby Avengers that Vision and Rhodey insisted on introducing to him. Parker made the cut, at least part-time, keeping his identity secret. He and another youngster – Kamala, who was always entirely too excited to see him – were kept on reserve and mostly engaged in training with the older baby Avengers. Even though he didn’t go into the field, he continued to be the smiling leader of the Avengers press releases. He gutted and remade the Accords with the help of T’Challa and the UN, and began working with a team of lawyers (including two impressive men from Hell’s Kitchen who he suspected had a rather personal interest) to try and prevent the incredibly shady Super Human Registration Act that Ross was pushing from being implemented stateside. While he was at it, he finally got enough dirt and curried enough favor elsewhere to bury good old Thaddeus – the new Secretary of Defense was far more willing to work on legislation that wasn’t so aggressive against supers but still soothed the fears of average citizens. He pushed to pardon the old Avengers and bring them home, because the coming storm didn’t give a shit about the current state of Earth’s superhero teams, and they’d need everyone when the storm finally broke. He built things – secret, dangerous things he told only Rhodey about – and hid them away against the looming threat from space.Twice a week, he ventured to the compound to bond with the baby Avengers.The Iron Man armor remained in a dark corner of his workshop, untouched and unrepaired.Entry to the ‘shop was prohibited to anyone but Rhodey, Vision, and Pepper.And Tony learned how to be alone again.

~.~.~
Then the Avengers came back, and Thor he wished he hadn’t given up drinking. Having them back in his space was grating and awful – especially Captain Perfect and his bestie Bucky. Well, Barnes wasn’t so bad on his own, really, now that Tony’d had time to… process the information he’d gotten in Siberia. But Steve was almost unbearable those first few weeks, strutting around as if nothing of any great consequence had happened, like the team hadn’t broken. Like they hadn’t broken Tony.He clearly felt that he’d won something, and that Tony’s work to help Barnes reclaim himself while they were fucked off to Wakanda was an admission of his guilt. He seemed to think Tony had been entirely in the wrong and had been the reason everything had fallen apart. While helping Barnes had been seen as the start of an apology, he seemed to think Tony owed him even more, and had developed a tendency of looming over him with an almost-patient expression on his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Pre-Slash
Mildly Steve Rogers Critical
Team Iron Man
Fix-It of Sorts
Mild Language
Dialogue Light
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

