Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony thinks the idea popped up because Steve is the one. He's so strong, brave, and tough that no one would even dare think of him as a sensitive artist. But even as a sensitive artist, Steve was a no nonsense kind of guy-he was a private man and didn't take anyone's crap, not even his lovers'. When he needed a good cry, he shut himself up in his room for a day and when he came out, he acted like nothing happened, like nothing was bothering him. Everyone was worried by this, but they never said anything. They knew Steve hadn't told them a lot of things. So, that's why Tony thinks Steve's been the one in the dreams that had brought up a fetish he'd never even knew he had.
Diapers.


Ever since Steve had joined the relationship between himself, Natasha, Clint, Phil, Bruce, and Thor, Tony had been having dreams about Steve in diapers. Steve-so strong, so muscled, so in control-wearing a thick white diaper and using it. That was the major thing; Steve using the diaper to do his business. He could imagine Steve's face, the soldier biting his lip and blushing a deep, rich red, as he let go and wet himself thoroughly in front of him and his other lovers. Tony would be gentle, telling Steve it was okay, that Daddy Tony would change him and it would all be just fine. The best part? How much Steve would trust him and the rest of his lovers to take care of him, trust them to make him feel better and to comfort him. That would make Tony the happiest man alive, if Steve trusted him enough to tell him all his secrets and fears and let him take care of him after a battle. He figured all of them would like that luxury, to be invited into Steve's private little world. But that was a problem for another time. He didn't know how to tell Steve about his little fantasy, and he didn't think Steve would want to even try it. Tony sighed and turned back to what he was working on. This would have to wait.


A few hours later, Tony was cuddled up to Steve's back, massaging the blonde's nipples erotically. Steve was shivering, partially from the cold, partially from Tony's ministrations. 


"Are you cold, babe?" Tony asked.


"A little, yeah." Steve said.


"Then get under the blanket. Come on, old timer."


Steve curled up under the comforter and cuddled up to Tony's chest with a soft sigh. He was warmer now, and that felt nice. Everyone liked the tower really cold, and that triggered a lot of fears and emotions from Steve. Tony rubbed Steve's back, feeling the goosebumps his lover had from the chilly room.


"I know what could warm us up, Stevie." Tony purred.


"Do you?" Steve asked with a smile.


"I do."


"I'm kind of tired, though, Tony."


"Okay, love. Sleep then."


Steve turned away from Tony and Tony snuggled up to Steve's back. Steve's eyes fluttered shut and Tony kissed his temple. He loved Steve, and he would be upset when Steve was with Clint tomorrow night. That's how it worked in the tower. They rotated nights with each other and Sunday was the day they were all together. Tony felt the steady rise and fall of Steve's chest as his breathing evened out with his sleep. Tony watched him. He looked so young and innocent in his sleep, void of worry and responsibility. Tony enjoyed watch Steve sleep and seeing him so peaceful. But Tony wasn't thinking about that. He was still thinking about his fantasy of Steve. That's where the idea came from.


'Didn't someone once tell me putting someone's hand in warm water as they slept would make them wet the bed?' Tony thought.


Tony smiled at the thought. He didn't know how to tell Steve that he wanted him to wear diapers, but he could make it to where Steve thought he needed to wear them at night. Tony got out of bed carefully as not to wake up Steve and went into his bathroom. He quickly found a bowl (how there was one in his bathroom, he didn't know,) and filled it with warm water, taking it into the bedroom and setting it on Steve's nightstand. He gently gripped Steve's lower arm and dipped his hand into the water. Steve made a small, hurt noise that startled Tony, but the blonde didn't wake up, so Tony sighed in relief and put Steve's hand deeper into the water. Steve whimpered and used the hand not held captive by Tony to put over his face. Tony let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding and submerged Steve's hand completely into the water. Tony watched carefully and got his result a few minutes later when Steve whimpered and the comforter suddenly had a large wet spot growing on it. Tony smiled in excitement. He had successfully pranked Steve and started putting his fantasy in motion at the same time. He got back in bed and waited for Steve to wake up and notice what he had done. 


Steve woke up to an unpleasant feeling on his lower half and a shout of 'Goddamn it, Steve!' He recognized both things easily and tears started to well up in his eyes. He looked around the room for his brunette boyfriend and started to cry when he didn't see him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
OT7 - Relationship
Tony Stark/Clint Barton/Bruce Banner/Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor

freeform: 
Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Diapers
Hurt Steve
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Baggage
Sick Steve
bottom!Steve
Tony Stark Has A Heart
I'm Sure I'm Forgetting A Lot Of Stuff
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Light BDSM
Infantilism
Steve Needs a Hug
Spanking
Phil Introduces the Naughty Corner

fandom: 
OT7 - Relationship
Tony Stark/Clint Barton/Bruce Banner/Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor

