Work Text:
“Up,” Coulson said, coming into the cell.
All right, it was actually the area behind a disused reception desk from when they’d thought this floor was going to be offices, but it was way hotter if Tony pretended it was a cell.  Obediently, he rose up on his knees.  He was naked, with his hands cuffed behind his back.  A short chain connected the cuffs to another set on his ankles.  He couldn’t stand until Coulson unfastened it, which was kind of the point.
Coulson circled around him, patting Tony’s head in a cursory sort of way as he did so.  “Good,” he said—meaning, Tony hadn’t moved since Phil left him here, about half an hour ago.  That was also kind of the point.  Tony didn’t particularly like being left alone, turned on and not able to move, but it helped him get into character.  
“They’re ready for you,” Coulson went on, running a hand down Tony’s back and unclipping the connecting chain.  He undid the ankle cuffs and said briskly, “On your feet.”  
He was glad they’d picked Phil for this part.  He had that impersonal, bureaucratic tone down cold, and it really sold the conceit that this was something being done to him.  Tony could almost really believe that “they” were strangers, his new masters and mistress, not his friends and teammates, who he’d all played with before, separately and in various combinations.  
He really didn’t know exactly what was going to happen once he got in there.  They’d talked extensively and in different ways about what his limits were, what he liked, what he didn’t like but was willing to put up with for the sake of verisimilitude, but they’d discussed far too many possible scenarios for him to predict exactly how this would go down.  And the ones who knew him best—Steve, Bruce, Phil—had consent to spring some surprises on him.  
This was going to be fun.  Tony shivered a little in anticipation as he stood up.
“Come along.”  Coulson kept one hand on Tony’s arm as he walked him to the common room.  His other hand held a clipboard—another nice touch.  
It turned out to be an even better detail than Tony had expected.  When they got to the common room, where the rest of the team was sitting around, fully clothed and trying not to look desperately turned on, Coulson said, “Delivery for the Avengers.  I’ll need someone to sign.”  
Steve got up to take the clipboard, and Tony only got a glance of it as it passed, but it looked like Coulson had mocked up an honest-to-god form.  It definitely wasn’t a takeout menu or a piece of scrap paper on there.  
It was that kind of attention to detail that made Coulson so perfect for the role.  
Cap turned out to be pretty good at his role, too.  After glancing over the form, he said, “I’ll have to inspect him first.”
“Of course,” Coulson said.  
Cap made a bit of a show of checking him over—looking in Tony’s mouth, running his hands down his arms and over his ass, cupping his balls, flicking his nipples and cockhead with his thumb.  Then he held out his hand to Coulson, and traded him the clipboard back for a latex glove and a small tube of lube.  
That would be one of the surprises.  Tony definitely approved—the longer the preliminaries went on, the more his anticipatory nervousness would build up, and the easier it was to immerse himself in the role of the team’s brand-new sex toy.  
Snapping the glove on, Steve applied a bit of lube to his index finger and slipped it into Tony’s hole, brisk and almost clinical.  He withdrew it all too soon, saying, “Everything seems to be in order.”  He pulled off the glove and tossed it into the trash, then signed Phil’s form.  
Taking the clipboard back, Coulson released his hold on Tony’s arm.  “Enjoy him.”
“We will,” Cap said with an aw-shucks grin.  
Coulson slipped out—Tony guessed he’d be back; he was supposed to be in on the fun part of this, too, but Tony supposed if he really was the delivery guy, he’d be leaving.  
Turning to him, Cap said, “These are Dr. Banner, Hawkeye, the Black Widow, and Thor, and I’m Captain Rogers.”  Tony turned a little toward each one as they were introduced, making sure everyone got a good view of his naked body, on display for their pleasure. “ You’ll call us sir, sir, ma’am, sir, and sir.  Understood?”
“Yes, sir,” Tony said obediently.  He hadn’t asked for this because he wanted pain—he wanted to be a good sex slave.  
“You’ll have a chance to get to know each of us before you’re finished for the night.  I’m going first.  And you can stop worrying about that for a while,” he added, flicking Tony’s hard cock with his thumb and forefinger, “because I don’t give one good goddamn about it.”  
Steve went back to his armchair—the same one he sat in for movie nights, and that shouldn’t be anywhere near as hot as it was—and had Tony kneel at his feet.  “Come forward,” he said, spreading his knees so that Tony could get in between them.  “Closer—that’s it.”  Tony’s face was inches from the bulge in the front of Cap’s jeans; he could smell the musky heat of him and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Narasha Romanoff
Tony Stark/Clint Barton
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner
Tony Stark/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Gangbang
Roleplay
Tony Loves His Team
Tony's Team Loves Him
Consensual Roleplay of Dubcon Scenario
Multiple kinks
Fluffiest Gangbang Ever
Consent is Sexy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Narasha Romanoff
Tony Stark/Clint Barton
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner
Tony Stark/Phil Coulson

