Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki was invisible again, a secret third presence in the opulent penthouse bedroom. He tucked himself off to the side and drew wards in the air to discourage anyone from walking in his vicinity. Luckily Tony Stark had a large bedroom. Who would he be bringing home tonight? Stark had a regular cast of lovers, all with different desires that he was willing and able to accommodate. Loki enjoyed watching them all, as Stark was an enthusiastic and imaginative lover, but secretly, he hoped for Ethan. The tattooed blond was his favorite, because Ethan liked to be hurt. Nothing permanent, nothing that would leave a scar, but Ethan got hard when Stark hurt him. Stark enjoyed it too. He panted harder, flushed brighter, sweated more, and came harder when Ethan was writhing under his whip than with any of the others.  

Loki had come almost as hard watching them, rubbing himself over his pants, fist crammed in his mouth to keep himself silent. It was what came after the pain that most intrigued him, however. When Ethan was hanging in his restraints, wrung out and exhausted, his lover had gently lowered him to the carpet. Stark had given him a pillow and pulled the fluffy comforter over him, patting and stroking his hair as his eyes gradually returned to focus. Even then, Stark did not pass him his clothes and point to the door. Instead, he brought him a meal and they sat on the floor wrapped in the covers, eating and drinking, talking and laughing. They discussed what they liked about what they had just done, that they called a ‘scene’. Tony had even rubbed soothing lotion on Ethan’s abraded skin. Loki had not intended to stay for so long, but he could not tear himself away. He had expected to leave after Stark dismissed Ethan, which should have been immediately after he had beaten and fucked him. Why Stark let him stay so long Loki had no idea.

Footsteps in the hallway prompted Loki to check and recheck his wards. He was invisible, undetectable. To his disappointment Stark entered the room alone, holding a large shopping bag that he set down on the bed. His guest had evidently not yet arrived. Stark was wearing sunglasses, the lenses tinted pale blue. Why did he wear those indoors? Strange Midgardian. As strange as Stark was, Loki's desires compelled him to visit this bedroom often and vicariously live out his fantasies. Stark smoothed out the red silk bed covers, and began laying out the contents of the shopping bag. Loki took a tiny step closer to see what was being produced. First came wide leather strips with shiny gold buckles, the leather dyed a deep, dark green color. Two pairs, one larger than the other. Loki’s breathing came faster as he realized it was a new set of restraints. A long, thin crop came next, also dark green leather. Tony laid it on the bed next to the cuffs. Then a blindfold, this time emerald green silk. Loki realized too late he had taken another step towards the bed. He froze, he had to back away but was also desperate to see what else was in the bag. Tony reached into the bag again and laid out a looped length of deep green rope. Loki was getting hard just from watching, but at the same time the endlessly empty feeling in his chest grew. Who was Tony’s guest to be getting such care and attention from him? All these items were new, laid out with such care. Loki could not understand the contradiction. Why buy such gifts for someone so worthless that they crave pain? Someone who was willing and desperate to be hurt did not deserve any such care or consideration.

Loki knew from experience that no Asgardian would respect another man once he had submitted in such a way. Disguised, Loki had been tied down, whipped, fucked, cursed at, spat on, used and despised. And still he craved it, craved strong hands holding him down, craved the pain on his flesh. Loki shook his head, chasing away the memories. For some reason, Tony Stark did not treat his partners like that, even Ethan who he beat and fucked, was still worthy of a tender kiss goodnight. Tears stung Loki’s face. His partners never kissed him like that, not once they knew what he was willing to allow, willing to beg for. And no man had ever kissed his true face. He could not risk it, could not risk exposure.

Lost in his thoughts, Loki did not notice that Stark had finished laying out the contents of the bag. He took a step backwards, towards Loki, admiring the display. Loki's heart froze in his chest when Stark turned and looked directly at his hidden location.
“You can show yourself anytime you want, Loki,” he said with a small smile.
Loki lurched back, horrified. There was no way Stark could have seen him! It was impossible! Stark was no mage, to detect and defeat his wards! Too late, Loki saw the soft glow of Stark’s glasses, and the tiny image projected on the lens - himself, hands raised, expression frozen in panic and horror. Damn! Damn! 
“Please don’t leave, Loki, no one knows you’re here. It’s just you and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Light BDSM
Prompt Fill
Tumblr Prompt
Good BDSM Etiquette
asgardian attitudes
FrostIron - Freeform
Kink Meme
Aftercare
Hand Feeding
Loki is confused
Cultural Differences
Dom!Tony
Sub!Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Caring Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Others (Background)
Romance
Past bad BDSM Experiences
Kink Negotiation
Sexual exploration
Developing Relationship
Edging
Self-Denial
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Internalized Homophobia
Animal Companions
Cabins

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

