Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
‘Stable’ had never really been one of Tony’s settings.It was something he was proud of, or had been. He was a genius, an innovator, a hero. None of those attributes really lent oneself to gathering moss.The insomnia and frenetic energy had been a part of him for such a long time that now, in the aftermath of another crisis; battered, scarred, and more sure of his purpose than ever, Tony didn’t really know how to feel. He was… stable.Nominally.No more crazy hours in his basement building suit after suit, no more manic obsession with improving a design that was already decades ahead of the closest competition.He had Pepper and Rhodey and a job to do that wouldn’t demand so much of him that he had nothing left for himself.It unsettled him in a way he didn’t really know how to express.He touched the soft, sore place in the middle of his chest where his arc reactor had been. It was a mess of wrinkled tissue over torn muscle now. The doctors had replaced the missing bit of his sternum with metal. It had bothered him, a little; those metal bits. The point of this was to cut all the unnatural parts out and leave just Tony behind.But, well. Practicality and general health safety had won that one.The skin graphs were going well but it was still going to be painful for a while.It would always be an ugly mess of damaged skin, which Tony found perversely satisfying. He knew there were cosmetic surgeries that would be able to smooth the flesh into something less horror-flick chic, but it wasn’t something Tony wanted. He wanted to be able to touch those imperfections and remember what he wasn’t anymore, the same way he had touched the reactor in remembrance of what he hadn’t been before that.Tony took a long sip of his unpleasantly cool coffee. He was back in New York, back in the tower that he and Pepper were rebuilding, and standing on the balcony. He was looking down at the city.With the Malibu house destroyed and his own new commitment to put the past behind him, coming to New York had been… something he thought he was ready to do.Fleeing the west coast had nothing at all to do with the smell of the surf bringing the dirty, salty taste of the Pacific back into his mouth.Tony didn’t think he’d build another house in California.New York had done a remarkable job of bouncing back but there were still signs of the battle. Still pieces missing, still buildings taken down by Chitauri warships that hadn’t been built back up yet.He tipped his head back and stared up at the sky, feeling brave and defiant and foolish because, after all, he was only looking up. It wasn’t something to brag about.But it still made his hands shake. He still remembered the cold pull of the portal. The long, helpless fall. The sky bothered him here in a way that it hadn’t in California.Tony heard his breath catch and the sound of it made him jerk back, eyes snapping down.He braced his hands on the railing and bowed his head.Stability.Right.He snorted bitterly and turned back inside.***The thing was, now that he wasn’t in motion – either building or fighting or drinking himself stupid – he was dwelling.Part of it was being back in New York and letting the memories of what had happened here surface. The anxiety attacks he’d been suffering from made him bottle the entire experience up – or try to. But now that it wasn’t crippling him in the middle of the street anymore, Tony started feeling… angry.Bruce had gone off the grid again and Tony was willing to extend plausible deniability to the man. He’d been the first and thus far only member of that supposed ‘team’ to get in contact with him.And he’d extend that grace to Thor – the dude was off planet. It made Tony’s drama categorically not his problem.But what about the rest of them? Where the hell had the assassin twins been? Hell, the President of the United States had been threatened. Wasn’t that bone fide Captain America bait?Even if something had been preventing each of them as individuals from coming to help him, Tony couldn’t get past the tang of betrayal when he thought about SHIELD.Why hadn’t they stepped in?Extremis had turned people into literally fire-breathing monsters. It seemed like SHIELD’s jurisdiction.“What are you thinking about?” Pepper said, stepping up behind him and sliding hands around his waist.Tony closed his eyes and leaned back into her, resting the back of his head on her shoulder.“I met a guy who had a tattoo of my face on his arm. I’m awesome.”Tony could hear the eye roll, the nose wrinkle.“Or he was incredibly sad and misguided. One of the two.”“Hey,” Tony protested without any real heat, not opening his eyes, “I’m an excellent role model.”Pepper kissed his ear and insinuated a hand under his shirt, stroking it across his belly.Tony stopped thinking about SHIELD for a while.***Tony was thinking about SHIELD.And Extremis.And how Extremis would be something that SHIELD would pro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Post Iron Man 3
Panic Attacks
Angst
Oral Sex
Dealing with the room's elephant
Let me get my whump stick
Mind Control
Character Death
Action/Adventure
Kidnapping
Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
That one Winter Soldier spoiler (identity)
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

