Chapter 1: A Cry Went Through the City
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The mid morning sun was already stifling hot in the wide courtyard, the gleam of the executioner's axe blinding and disturbing in the peaceful summer air. It was a mockery of the cheerful light, the gentle breeze that blew through the crowd that stood there, watching the figures in the middle, as silent as an empty tomb. The galactic city of Sanctuary had not known peace in nearly a year. The citizens could barely remember the meaning of the word.It was a year ago that the killings started. The discovery of the queen's betrayal drove the king mad with rage. Thanos, the great titan, destroyer of worlds, had caught the queen with a lover, and took off not only the offending man's head, but hers as well.No one was allowed to utter her name.In a fit of twisted logic, Thanos decided that all women were treacherous devils, and could not be trusted. His mind carried the sin of one to the rest of womankind, and all must be punished for it.He sent out letters and decrees to all the realms and galactic cities in the known universe, every location that knew of the might and power of Thanos, and demanded that a consort be chosen from the highest station and sent to Sanctuary, to marry the Mad King.Marry, spend one night with him, then be executed the following morning.The soft tears of the current consort was the only sound in the courtyard, while Thanos and his court watched the executioner lift his axe in a blinding arch, then bring it down upon the pink skinned woman's neck. The sick crunching sound fell on stone ears, as the king turned away once the deed was done."Who is next?" He asked. The heavy thud of his iron boots made the walls shake as he passed. Behind him scurried attendants and other officials, but Thanos had addressed his chief advisor.The creature's real title was Vizier, but everyone in the kingdom knew the blue skinned being as The Other. He was nearly as cruel as his master, and most hated him.A row of sharp teeth flashed beneath the cowl as The Other recited from memory. "The last three were from Vanaheim, Kree, and the Federation, my Lord. The next realm due to send tribute is Asgard."The titan frowned, bringing his knowledge of Asgard to the forefront of his mind. "The royal house of Asgard does not have females, only princes.""This is true, my Lord, just so. However, I happen to know that the middle prince, the dark haired one, holds within him the qualities of both sexes, and is fully capable of bearing children."That was news to Thanos, and mildly interesting. The titan had known many different kinds of creatures, and his consorts had been a variety of species, but all had been female."He is the must logical choice," the Other went on. "But if the thought is distasteful to His Excellency, I will search from among the Asgardian noble families a more appropriate bride."Thanos hummed, thinking it over, his measured steps taking him in strides through his massive palace. The others scrambled to keep up, though The Other seemed to have no such difficulty."The other realms have all provided tribute from the royal family, have they not? Does this prince fit the other requirements?""Indeed, just so, my Lord. My sources all tell me that the prince has known no lover.""Let me see him."Thanos stopped, which caused a ruckus as the cluster of people behind him also tried to stop without running into their monarch. The gaggle earned a disapproving glance from the titan, before he accepted a hologram from the hands of the Vizier.Hovering above the disc was the slowly rotating bust of a young man, eyes sharp and intelligent and framed by dark lashes. His hair was also dark, and cut short, smoothed back in a sleek look that made him look even younger, more innocent. From one angle he looked more masculine and rugged, and another he looked softer, almost womanly, then it was a mix of both.The titan's face betrayed none of his thoughts. He took a moment to examine the image before handing it back.“He will do. Send the decree to Asgard.”The twisted Vizier flashed his pointed teeth, bowed low in obedience, then broke apart from the group, scurrying down a side passage to follow the will of his master.~~~~~~~The doors to the private chambers of the second prince of Asgard burst open, admitting the furious countenance of the eldest brother, the storm within the sharp blue eyes brewing to a fever pitch as he searched the room. He had just heard the news told to him by his mother, and nothing but blood could calm him down.“Loki! Brother, where are you?”“I am in here, Thor, do not bellow so.”Thor stomped over to the open doors of the inner room, the red cloak fluttering behind him, to find Loki on a chaise lounge, calmly folding up books into squares of cloth for travel. Thor recognized the worn covers, they were Loki's favorites.For a moment Thor tried to breathe against the crushing wei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thanos

freeform: 
Arabian Nights style
story telling
Arranged Marriage
you will pry this trope out of my cold dead hands
Intersex Loki
Genderfluid Loki
Thanos grows a heart
Some dub con but only one chapter i promise
Loki Needs a Hug
Mpreg
Slow Burn
Thanos just needs someone to understand him
As you wish
Princess Bride References
author does not hold the rights to the movie
Sexism
Incorrect views of women
Accidental Voyeurism
BDSM
Bondage
Possessive Behavior

fandom: 
Loki/Thanos

