Work Text:
“Thor,” Tony Stark said, his voice deliberately level, “what’s he doing here?”   Moments earlier, Thor and Loki had been delivered by Tesseract to Midgard—specifically, to the roof of the Tower of Stark.  Thor’s mortal friends had, naturally, been waiting to greet him.  When they saw that he was not alone, all reached for weapons and fell into battle-ready stances as best they could, considering they were lightly armed and dressed in flimsy Midgardian clothing.  Some to greater effect than others.  Stark, without his enchanted armor, failed to project an air of menace, and of the green berserker’s mortal form, the less said the better.Loki smiled ferally, knowing that Thor, anxious as he was to think the best of his little brother, would insist it was a friendly gesture.  The mortals interpreted it accurately, and the more formidable of them assumed even stronger stances.  The little archer even drew an arrow from the quiver at his back.  Emboldened by the evidence that someone in the Nine Realms still considered him a formidable foe, Loki made a gesture that, in happier times, would have resulted in a damaging bolt of magical energy.  The archer drew back his bowstring, and the female assassin shifted her weight forward, poised to follow her companion’s arrow with a body blow.Naturally, things being as they were, it was an empty gesture.  The others relaxed slightly—though Barton and Romanoff remained wary—and Stark asked his question.“It was not safe to leave my brother behind in Asgard, unguarded,” Thor explained.  Well.  It had been nice while it lasted.  Soon enough Thor would tell them why they ought not take him seriously as a threat.  “And you think it’s safer to have him here?” Stark demanded.  “Safe for him,” Thor explained.  “In punishment for his crimes, our father has shorn him of his magic and his silver tongue.  There are many on Asgard who would do him harm while he is defenseless.”Explained out loud, it actually sounded worse than Loki had thought it would.  It was true that Loki had collected his share of enemies on Asgard—he considered it a natural result of being Loki—and quite a number of them had sought to take advantage of his loss of the protections of magic and status.  But “defenseless,” that rankled.  All the more so because it was truer than he would have liked. “Not exactly any different here,” Barton remarked, releasing some of the tension on his bowstring.  “I know he has wronged many on this realm as well, but since access to the Tower is restricted, he will be safe here,” Thor said.  “I know that none of my friends will harm him.”Loki had his doubts about that, but no one was asking him.  Banner spoke up from the back of the group.  “Can we back up a minute?  Your father actually cut out his tongue?”Loki had no idea why he sounded so horrified.  He was sure he had read of humans mutilating their criminals.  “No,” Thor said.  “Fortunately, it was not necessary.  The All-father bound his speech, so that he is compelled to speak the truth, and that only when he is asked.”Initially, Odin’s geas had only prevented him from lying; the second provision had been added when it became clear that Loki could cause plenty of discord by speaking only carefully-selected truths.  He wished now that he had refrained from revealing that particular loophole while on Asgard—he could surely have used it to much greater effect here.“Oh,” Banner said.  “Well, I suppose that’s better.”“And you’re sure he can’t use his magic?” Stark asked.“Yes, I am sure,” Thor said patiently.  Apparently, he would even permit these mortals to question the might of Odin.  Since there was no way Loki could use this disloyalty to his advantage—he couldn’t even tell anyone about it unless they thought to ask—he chose to be disgusted by it.  “All right,” Stark said.  “In that case, the cells in the sub-basement should hold him.”“No!” Thor exclaimed.  “I will not have my brother caged like an animal.”  In truth, Loki would have rather been caged with his powers than free without them.  Being dependent on Thor’s protection was the worst punishment he could imagine.  The mortals exchanged looks of confusion.  “They’re not bad, as cells go,” Banner said.  “I’ve locked myself in there a couple of times, when I thought I was going to hulk out.  We’ll make sure he has everything he needs, and you can check on him whenever you want.”“That is not the point,” Thor rumbled.  “Loki has faced justice for his crimes, and he poses no threat.  It would be unjust to confine him.”“You just let him wander around on Asgard?” Barton demanded.“Yes,” Thor said, sounding confused.  Loki would have enjoyed his confusion more if he had not been similarly unsure why Barton seemed so skeptical.   “Though we soon found that it was unwise for him to leave our quarters without my protection.  There are many who resent him and are pleased to see him brought low.”Captain Rogers spoke up.  “I think I see Thor’s point.”The others turned to him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Cultural Differences
Fantastic Racism
Misunderstandings
Depression

fandom: 
None
