Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Tony, no. We talked about this. In fact, he’s coming in at nine, and that’s in ten minutes. Be nice.”
 
That’s Virginia “Pepper” Potts on the phone, the giant tortoise on which Stark Industries rest upon. And he is Anthony Edward Stark, said company’s CEO who is also currently nursing a fantastic headache that he swears, is not related to late nights or alcohol. He’s on his best behaviour recently. He exercises, keeps to a six-hour-sleep every other day, chugs fruits-and-vege smoothies by the gallons…
 
“Pepper, I don’t have time to babysit visitors. Have Bambi show him around. Or the intern, I don’t care. I just don’t –”
 
“If Phil says it’s necessary, then it’s necessary.”
 
“It’s ‘Agent’ for you, and do you realise how ridiculous this sound? Iron Man and his bodyguard?”
 
“He’s not a bodyguard –”
 
“You sent me his CV. I’m looking at it right now.” With one flick of his wrist, Tony pulls a page from his desktop to the hologram pad in the middle of his office. “I’m not nitpicking, but Pepper, I expect better of you. This thing is missing a name, a birth date –”
 
“They’re on the first page, you must’ve skipped all the preamble. Again.”
 
“Says here he’s uh, spent a year in art school, undergone basic military training, experienced in piloting, military strategy – OK, need I remind you that we’re a Fortune 500 tech company, not the CIA – he was with the Army before he becomes an… intelligence operative.” Tony squints at the image. “Let me zoom into that. Yes, I kid you not. He was – is he still an intelligence operative?”
 
“If you mean does he belong to the same organisation as Phil, yes he does.”
 
“He’s on SHIELD’s payroll. That’s all you need to say, Pep.”
 
“Don’t make things difficult for him, Tony.”
 
“I’m turning him away.”
 
Pepper’s sigh echoes in the room. Even the holographic CV seems to waver with it.
 
“At least grant him the thirty-minute appointment you promised him.”
 
“Let the Human Resource handle the interview –”
 
“It’s not a job interview.”
 
Tony kneads the side of his head with his knuckles. It’s a thirty-minute one-on-one appointment with an accompanying CV – how is this not a connotation of a job interview?
 
“I’d love to give you more, Tony, I do, but this is all I get from Phil. Happy is here, so I really have to hang up now. Go back to the first page. At least know his name. In the meantime, take care of yourself, all right?”
 
The click! in his earpiece goes off like a cannon in the middle of the night.
 
Well, one glance at the first page won’t do much harm, will it? Besides the fact that it’s going to be a complete waste of time. But he can’t go around calling the guy “Agent of SHIELD”…
 
The name is Steve Rogers. Born July 4, 1920.
 
Tony swipes the file away and brings up a blueprint of a fuel cell. New guy is hopeless if he can’t spot an effing typo in his CV.
 
 
Steve has always associated the family name “Stark” with futuristic technology. A bloodline of visionaries. Howard’s son definitely doesn’t disappoint. The ultramodern Stark Tower stands out in the vista like a sore thumb, looming over the rest of New York City almost tauntingly, “Yo, catch up!”
 
By the way, Phil says flying cars don’t exist yet.
 
Howard had a thing for drama and flamboyance. That… probably is genetic. The internal décor of Stark Industries’ foyer is minimalistic, surfaces sleek and metallic with the occasional wooden accentuation to soften the edges up. The wow factor lies in all the virtual pop-ups that are meant to either – Steve can only guess – entertain guests while they wait for their appointments, educate them, or simply to impress.
 
Or maybe all three. Howard never settled for one-at-a-time. Just look at the number of dames he’d fondued with.
 
“Captain Rogers?”
 
In a place like this, always expect the unexpected.
 
“Good morning,” Steve approaches the holograph of a red-headed, young and pretty AI that has just greeted him, “I have a nine o’clock with Mr Stark?”
 
“Mr Stark is ready for you. Step through the gate, please.”
 
Steve has seen one of these archways in SHIELD’s training facilities. He walks through it and waits for two seconds as the computer does some computations – he knows they’re checking for contrabands, weapons, any abnormal physiological signs – and when the bulb goes green, the holograph continues, “The elevator will take you direct to the office. Have a good day, Captain.”
 
There must be close to a thousand employees housed in the Tower. He looks down from the see-through wall of the elevator and sees the canteen on the twelfth floor packed full with people. People walking around with tablets and devices in their ears and over their eyes. And all he’s spoken to so far is an AI at the foyer, and ah, let's not forget the AI on the phone when he called to confirm if the appointment is still valid.
 
Steve thought it’d be nice if he could talk to a flesh-and-blood staff or two, just to have a handle of who Anthony Stark is from the gras
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Drama
Angst
Friendship
Slow Build
Hurt/Comfort
Palladium Poisoning
Plothole Fill
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Chronic Illness
Whump
Sick Tony Stark
Mind/Mood Altering Substances
Platonic Sex
Arc Reactor Failure
Steve Rogers takes care of Tony Stark
Spies & Secret Agents
Secret Organizations

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

