Chapter 1: Loki
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 Loki laughed at the scene in front of him. The stupid red head actually thought her mind tricks would work on the God of mischief and magic. No matter how enhanced the stupid broad was she was still a human. He was a god. He had seen what the conniving red head had shown some members of the so called avengers. It seemed he was wrong, only Stark and Thor cared about friends and world. That was their fear. The others were so invested in themselves that they couldn’t look beyond themselves and their sad little lives. Stark’s life was as bad as theirs. No one to understand him except few people. On top of it he had a fucking hole in his chest. Had his heart literally pulled out by some old man. Then the soldier bashed his father’s shield in his chest. Pathetic. Everyone had sad lives. We’ve all got our crosses to bear. He had made a mistake when he had transformed into the soldier. Oh and there was another soldier now. Lover of the first soldier. He had also seen that both the soldiers had tried to kill Stark. For a moment even he had felt Stark’s pain when that video played. Given that the new soldier had been brainwashed when said killing happened of Stark’s parents but the old one was in his senses why did he hide the truth? He knew the truth for years. The mewling quim knew too. She and captain were equal to garbage in his eyes. Rogers had told her not to say anything and she didn’t. These people were horrible to their own so called team mates. They had the audacity to judge him? Him? A God. Bullshit. He was above them in every sense. “Oh, you all think Steve here is captain of righteousness. What righteousness is there in his actions towards Stark?” Everyone stopped fighting the chitauri and looked thoroughly uncomfortable. Tony started shaking. Loki flicked his fingers and chitauri froze in their spots. Thor closed his eyes. In his heart he knew Loki was right. They had been devastated when their mother had died. He had given Rogers and his team a lashing when he’d return to earth with Bruce. They were lucky he and Nick Fury had informed them about Thanos. Bruce had been ready to beat Rogers and his team. “Don’t listen to Loki, he might not be in his senses..…………..He is trying to wedge a gap between us………………”  Thor didn’t know what to do. Loki was telling the truth. Loki laughed cruelly, “really Thor? Me? I think Steven Grant Rogers did that by himself when he decided he was the epitome of righteousness. That he alone knew what was right and good for everyone. He isn’t.” Thor, Hulk and Vision tried to calm down Tony while Bucky looked ready to bolt. Steve’s eyes had widened in terror while Wanda, Natasha and Clint still looked thoroughly uncomfortable. Loki again sneered, “Aww Thor, I regret transforming into captain at the time we were going after malekith. I feel disgusted in fact. Except for you and Stark here they all just care about their own woes and hardships. Disgusting. Pathetic.” Thor closed his eyes, “don’t hurt him anymore. His team mates have done that enough Loki. I beg you. He doesn’t need a reminder. He doesn’t need your malicious words. ” Steve, Natasha, Clint and Wanda didn’t even have the courage to look in Thor’s direction. Loki’s eyes hardened, “No. Thor. You don’t know the extent of the hurt they have caused him. I can show you. He and you are the only ones who care about what happens to Midgard and to your little avengers. Even you had hurt him at one point. Captain doesn’t know what that conniving witch had done to Stark does he? He was in his own nightmare with some broad asking him to dance. Then when she said home he got even sadder. Figures new soldier is his home. The mewling quim was just re living her own horrors. Uncaring that she calls other narcissists and egoists when she had stabbed that person in the fucking back. The beast was just sad he would harm more people.”  Loki glanced at Clint and smiled. “And you, my dear Barton you don’t even know how right Stark was. He is a futurist. He saw the invasion. You are standing in it. Unlike you. Well you and mewling quim are same. You just know how to attack people with words.” Team Rogers eyes widened in horror. Natasha was shivering in terror while Clint held on to her. He had closed his eyes. Wanda looked nauseous. She knew that Loki will reveal something which will be her downfall. Steve was just looking between Tony, Thor, Bruce, Vision and Loki. Bucky was away from all of them. In his mind there were only victims he had killed as the winter soldier. Mostly Stark’s parents came in front of him. He remembered being told that it was Tony Stark and a woman called Virginia Potts Howlett who’d cleared his name and had gotten him a fair trial. Stark had found videos of his torture in abandoned hydra base. Where he and Steve had left him. Where he with Steve had tried to kill him, when he had just seen his parents being m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Guilt
Regret
Not A Fix-It
not team Cap friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Loki
Thor Is Not Stupid
Suicide Attempt
Protective Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Avengers Team

