Work Text:
Out of all things Bucky would expect to happen in the middle of the night (emergency call from the hospital, JARVIS informing him that Steve’s been an idiot again, Steve forgetting about time zones and trying to call for a quick phone sex session), a kidnapping isn’t very high on his list.That is, until two days before Christmas, when he wakes up in the small hours after a twelve-hour shift, and finds out that there’s a bunch of guys in his dark bedroom, stumbling into furniture like awkward baby giraffes.Steve’s on a mission in Venezuela, so Bucky’s been taking extra shifts to keep himself from missing him. Now it’s clearly come back to bite him in the ass, because, well. He apparently didn’t wake up when these idiots  broke in.  Bucky’s been trained better than this.Before he has a chance to start shit (which, a bad idea, Barnes, you’re not in CIA), two of the guys notice that he’s awake, and then he’s suddenly pinned while someone puts a fucking bag over his head. Thankfully they at least knock him out after that.Typical. So fucking typical.**Steve’s just stopped to pull a quick breath and pick out some mud that’s lodged under his fingernails when there’s an incoming call in his earpiece. “Bucky?” he asks, because who the hell else would be calling him on a mission.“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS says. “There has been a security breach in your house. I have sent Stark Industries security to check the situation, but it seems that Mr Barnes has been kidnapped.”Steve freezes. “What?”“Mr Barnes’ life signs left the perimeter with five other people fifty seconds ago, sir.”Out of all possible scenarios that could happen to Bucky, Steve honestly hadn’t considered that somebody would want to  kidnap  him.“Shit,” he says, and presses his comm. “Tony, JARVIS called. Something’s happened to Bucky.”“Shit,” Sam’s voice says, piping in.“Shit,” Tony’s voice echoes. “Let’s go. Rhodey and Vision can wrap things up here. We have a loverboy to save.”They’re zooming back to New York two minutes later, leaving heavily confused Rhodey and utterly indifferent Vision behind.**When Bucky comes to, he’s being dragged between two people across something that sounds like linoleum. The bag is still over his head, there’s a merciless throbbing in his skull, and Bucky’s really damn pissed.“Hey, Mike,” says a voice on his left. “I thought this guy would be heavier.”“I think he’s pretty heavy, Bobby,” Mike grunts on Bucky’s right side.Rude.“No but really, he looked bigger on the TV,” Bobby says.Bucky rolls his eyes and winces a little when it makes his head hurt more. These fucking morons think he’s Steve, like Steve isn’t taller and built like a brick shithouse  and has shorter hair. This is just Bucky’s luck: he gets accidentally kidnapped, because the kidnappers are fucking  idiots. “Please, Bobby,” Mike says. “Everybody knows the camera adds  at least  twenty pounds.”Bucky closes his eyes and prays for the sweet mercy of unconsciousness. It doesn’t come. Fuck.He’s dragged into a room and plonked down into a chair. Somebody ties his hands behind his back, and then a voice says, “Captain America! I have long wished to make your acquaintance.”The bag is ripped off Bucky’s head, and then the same voice says, “Who the fuck is this?”Bucky opens his eyes, takes in the monstrosity in front of him, and says, “What the  fuck  are you wearing, pal? Is that  velour?” “Who. The fuck,” says the middle-aged man in front of him. He looks like a dad of three from South Dakota, except dressed in a velour tracksuit.“Oh my god,” Bucky moans. “I’ve been kidnapped by idiots and a moron in a velour tracksuit. I did  not sign up for this when I slept with Steve.”Crime Against Fashion blinks rapidly. “Who is this fool?” he demands. “Where is Captain America?”“Captain America is in fucking  Venezuela,” Bucky says. “I’m the asshole he lives with.” And then, because sometimes he’s so stereotypically gay that Pride would hire him as their mascot if he didn’t swear so fucking much, he says, “What the  fuck  did you think when you put that on?  Is that Juicy Couture, oh my god. ”**They throw Bucky into a handicapped bathroom turned into makeshift cell while they ponder what the hell to do with him, and leave him there to rot. Bucky’s a little cold in his t-shirt and pajama pants, and his socked feet feel chilly against the grimy floor. At least he has a toilet, and Bobby brings him a curry-smelling blanket, and a lukewarm McDonald’s bag a couple of hours later, looking apologetic. Bucky actually kinda likes Bobby, even if he’s an idiot.Bucky fucking hates Egg McMuffins, but eats it anyway, because his stomach is grumbling.Velour Dad comes back at 6:30 a.m. and proceeds to try to stare Bucky down. Please. Bucky’s head is aching and Egg FuckMuffin isn’t sitting well with him, but if he can stare down Stark, a full infantry of childish twenty-somethings thrown in the middle of a war, or five old ladies with old-people cooties who want to pinch his ass, he can ver
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Kidnapping
Christmas
Fluff and Humor
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Swearing
Dubious Fashion Choices
Soft Stucky Week 2016
Nurse Bucky Barnes
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

