Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony curls on the couch with his hands wrapped around his middle cringing in pain. “Tony… I don’t know if this is such a good idea,” Peter says, looking pale and worried.He sighs and closes his eyes for several long moments before opening them again, “it’s my choice now leave me be,” he says as gently as he can. It wasn’t Peter’s fault for thinking the way he did; it wasn’t anyone’s fault really. But this was the right thing to do, he and Steve just weren’t meant to be and they were never going to work. It wasn’t as if either one of them gave up easily either, but nothing was working. Right off the bat he and Steve disliked each other so much that they didn’t even notice the glow until Bruce pointed it out. Tony just thought Steve was angry enough that he his cheeks were flushed and his skin was bright with it. He was certainly that pissed off, but when Bruce pointed out the glow it seemed obvious.“I know it’s your choice but you’re in pain,” Peter says. He looks so worried and Tony is flattered that he even cared. They hadn’t known each other all that long and honestly he didn’t much expect him to stick around to clean him up. Usually this would be Pepper’s job but… well even she got sick of his shit eventually and Rhodey was currently trying to work out how to function with his new body. Tony had fully expected to deal with this on his own but then Peter had come around and then he kept coming around even though Tony looked like hell and probably smelled worse.“It’s just the bond breaking, it’ll be fine,” Tony says. All he had to do was hold out until the bond broke even if it hurt like hell in the meantime. It was better this way.“Just the bond breaking? Tony that’s really not good,” Peter says.He can’t help but let out a small laugh at that, “I’ll be fine Peter, once the bond breaks I’ll stop being in pain and whatever and it’ll be okay. Can you get me some water?” he asks. His constant shivering and sweating took a surprising amount of energy from him.*Tony isn’t sure why he ever thought the whole being soul mated to Steve would have ever worked out for the better. They both knew right away the bond wasn’t romantic given that Tony had been with Pepper with no intention of leaving her, but at this point Tony wondered if it was more like an enemy bond or something. Technically those existed, Bucky and Sam seemed to have one of those bonds but it was different with them than with Steve and Tony. From what he’s gathered from T’Challa they were essentially just really mean to each other but had a strange amount of investment in the other’s safety and well being.He and Steve have never really been like that. Sure, Tony cared about whether Steve lived or died, he spent a whole lot of time making sure Ross’s goon squad didn’t mow him down but Steve didn’t much seem fond of reciprocation on that front. After Siberia and Steve just about killing him for almost killing Bucky, which he will freely admit was a stupid plan on his behalf even if he still wanted nothing to do with the man, he wondered if Steve cared about him at all. Bucky, Steve dropped the whole fucking world for Bucky but he insulted Tony by sending him a damn flip phone. Was it so much to ask to have an up-to-date burner phone? Even T’Challa had been lost on how he got that given that Wakanda was actually pretty ahead on the tech front, meaning there were no flip phones to be found. It was almost like Steve went out of his way to insult Tony even if he knew that probably wasn’t true.Steve isn’t a bad man and Tony knows it, which is why he was so damn confused about this bond thing. Obviously they were never meant to be, Steve belonged with like Bucky or something and Tony… he gets along with near anyone else but Steve. He gets along with Ross better and he hates Ross. The guy is a stuck up government asshole, even if he made a few good points about the Avengers and whatnot. Ross is still an insufferable jackass, good points or no. Hell, he and Steve were so out of sync that when Tony was trying to tell him that Pepper left him Steve thought she was pregnant. He wasn’t entirely sure what about his word stumbling and obviously upset body language indicated pregnancy but alright. And it wasn’t Steve’s fault, or his fault; aside from the things they deliberately did to affect each other none of this was anyone’s fault.They have always been a disaster, right from the first fight that nearly ended in a physical fight. At best they were a mess that sometimes worked out okay and after this whole ‘Civil War’ thing he was out. Enough was enough, they were a horrible pair and he was breaking the damn bond. The problem is that Steve wasn’t very impressed with this for one, and for two breaking a bond required zero contact and a whole lot of pain until the bond finally went away.When he first made the decision to cut his losses, cut Steve’s losses, Steve was in Wakanda with the rest of the team and he had just gotten the letter and t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Soulmate Breakup
past Tony & Steve soulmates
Rejecting Soulmates
just a lot of fucking pain ok
Angst
Humor
because that's who i am inside
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Protective Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

