Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The knock on the door just about scared Bruce out of his skin. He’d been holed up in his apartment for the better part of a week, reading through the Stark scientific archives, making subpar curries in his new kitchenette, and trying (failing) not to watch news footage. The only two people with security access to the elevator to this level were Tony, who was in Malibu, and Pepper, who’d been smoothing things over in DC since the invasion. Bruce’s mind set up a worst-case scenario: military special forces at the door, the Other Guy coming out, debris and blood ground into the carpet and everything ruined, because ruining things was Bruce’s number one life skill. Dammit, why had he bothered unpacking? Idiot.Okay, deep, full breath. Threats didn’t tend to knock. Bruce forced himself to set down Howard Stark’s notes on propulsion systems, get off the couch, and tuck in his shirt on his way to the door.It was SHIELD. Of course it was. “Good morning, Doctor Banner,” Natasha Romanov said, smiling up at him with her head cocked slightly to one side. She was camouflaged in civilian clothes, a cotton sundress and spring jacket that would let her infiltrate any coffee shop in the US without detection. “SHIELD requires medical assessments for every affiliate involved in the invasion. We’ve come to collect you.”It was only at the we that Bruce noticed the man leaning against the wall behind her. He hadn’t seen Agent Barton since the Avengers said good riddance to Loki, and it took a second to identify him now, because this man was just a slouched, hungover version of the one he remembered. Barton looked like he’d lost some weight, and he wore ripped jeans and a t-shirt so faded that Bruce couldn’t tell if it used to be magenta or brown. Dark sunglasses hid half his face, and his jacket didn’t mesh with the late May heat outside.“Medical assessments?” Bruce sighed, running a hand through his hair. He hadn’t combed it since his last shift in the lab two days ago, and the idea of going out in public seemed even more grating than usual. Never mind being prodded by another SHIELD doctor. “For me or the Other Guy? ‘Cause I gotta tell you, he doesn’t like needles.” “You’re our only concern,” Natasha said, still smiling. “SHIELD wants to make sure exposure to the Tessaract doesn’t have any ill effects on its people.” Behind her, Barton huffed out a bitter laugh. All right, well, at least someone understood how ridiculous this was. “We’re your protective detail for the time being,” Natasha added. “From now on, if you need to leave this building, you call us first. Wherever you need to go, we’ve got you.”“And your bosses,” Bruce said, folding his hands in front of himself, “they think that this will, what? Keep me contained? Keep me stable?” He kept his voice low, but a hard edge crept into it anyway. The arrogance of this organization, to send a couple of fucking assassins to pick him up like dry cleaning—the Other Guy growled in his sleep, down deep in the back of Bruce’s mind. He dared to look Natasha in the eye. She had the same pleasant smile plastered on her face, but her eyes had gone incrementally wider and a little wet, like just before everything changed, when he’d made that terrible joke and she’d pulled a gun on him. Guilt settled into his throat. “It won’t help,” Bruce said, pulling on his coat, “but all right.”SHIELD medical was predictably annoying in their questioning and even worse when they actually tried to examine him. Bruce’s last appointment with a doctor had been before the Other Guy’s first appearance, and the touches that had once seemed commonplace now felt so invasive he could hardly grit his teeth through them. The cold metal of the stethoscope on his exposed chest was too close in shape to the barrel of a gun, the blood pressure a restraint trapping him on a lab table, every hand on him a trigger for some memory from a decade of being hunted and cornered. It made his heart climb into his throat. They didn’t even tell him anything he didn’t already know - all readings completely normal except for the “Why aren’t you dead yet?” blood pressure. The doctors couldn’t seem to make eye contact. Neither could Agent Barton, who slouched in the chair in the corner of the exam room, slowly tearing apart a receipt. After an hour of this shit, Bruce was clasping his hands in his lap, clenching his teeth, and plotting revenge on whichever waste of a laminated badge had deemed this humiliation necessary. Or maybe on the whole of SHIELD.When the shaky-handed young doctor who’d been prodding Bruce grabbed his arm to take a blood sample, he lost it. “No,” he said, jerking his arm out of her grasp. “Enough. Give that to me, I’ll do it myself.” “We’re under orders to—” “Piss me off?” he interrupted, glaring. She surrendered the syringe and let him draw his own damn blood. “How did you even get this job?” Bruce hissed through his teeth, all patience gone.“We drew straws,” she said in a rush, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Coming Out
Slow Burn
Angst and Humor
OT3 if you squint
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Guilt
Self-Harm
POV Bruce Banner
POV Hulk
Everyone Needs A Hug
Touch Aversion
References to Suicide
Bruce Banner's Hemp Grocery Bags
Clint Barton's Gordon Ramsay Obsession
Tony Stark: Lunatic Billionaire Fairy Godmother
Natasha Romanov Has Strong Opinions About The End of Mockingjay
Mental Health Issues
Healing
Canon-Typical Violence
Holding Hands
past Betty Ross/Bruce Banner - Freeform

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

