Chapter 1



Notes:
Edited in February, 06 2017 thanks to amazing Fritti13




Chapter Text
Bruce sighed tiredly as he stared worriedly at his friend.  Their options were running out. Tony was supposed to be fine! When Sokovia and Johannesburg happened, Bruce agreed with Tony’s plan. He was bitter and angry enough that his eyes were constantly green but his anger was nothing on his guilt and the gut wrenching feeling he had. He wasn’t in a good place, so when Tony explained what he would do, Bruce jumped at it, never even realizing that Tony would also shoulder weight that wasn’t his own. How did this happen? “Dr. Banner?” “Hm?” Bruce snapped his head toward Hank McCoy. He had seen so many things that were so much weirder that the blue fur didn’t even faze him. The other man sighed, “He is already too weak from almost 24 hours in the Siberian weather. I revised your work with Dr. Hansen and Dr. Cho on the Extremis virus, it might be our only chance.” Bruce’s muscles tensed, “I'll think about it.” he said as he walked out of Tony’s room, sighing again as his shoulders drooped. He was so tired. Immediately after Sokovia, Bruce had needed space, time to himself. After what that witch did in Johannesburg, he had no idea if the next time he turned into the Hulk that all the work Tony and him went through, all the progress would be enough. He failed to even think about the aftermath. And now this… Civil War nonsense. Tony and Bruce weren’t idiots, actually they was on the other end of the spectrum, and they knew that after all the very public debacles the Avengers were involved in, the world wouldn’t want them to keep doing things the way they were doing them. With the rise in superhuman population throughout the world, they now constituted a considerable percentage and soon they would be forced to go through the same ordeal for civil rights as the Africans and African-descendants, minorities and women had gone through. Hell, the homosexuals were just now managing to get the right to marry! Social campaigns, laws amended again and again until the rights of all groups were respected. There would be prejudice, yes, but if they all played this right and fought for it, this law would join the list of other Civil Rights and gender equality. It would be slow, painful and hard, but well worth it if, in the end, the superhumans with biological or technological enhancements were finally part of a society that would give them rights and duties. The only thorn in this whole mess was Thaddeus Ross. Of course the hellish bastard would use it to once again try and get his super powered task force. The U.N. had almost exploded in indignation when Tony revealed that the reason there weren’t better plans than smashing an airport in half was because they only had 36 hours to apprehend Rogers and his little team before Ross sent snipers in with 'shoot on sight' orders. Considering the time frame, Tony didn’t want to burn precious hours by invoking a meeting with the UN to tell what was going on. Ross was a slippery one and he was Secretary of the fucking State with a lot of military backing. No one knew what the President was smoking for making that decision but he knew that Ross could and would send snipers after the rest of the Avengers. The fact that he even granted more than a day for Tony was now kicking around inside Bruce’s head. Ross threatened Tony and Romanova, that much was already set in stone, but why did he? And why did he grant them 36 hours to go after the rest of them? Bruce's brain kept trying to find a reason. He was beyond biased when it came to Thaddeus Ross, but he wasn’t an idiot. For years that cretin had managed to basically break every law that protected human rights and no one could pin it on him. Why would he threaten and then allow time for Tony to try and bring the Avengers in peacefully? Did he predict that Rogers would be that short sighted and… dumb? Captain America was the symbol of freedom and justice and patriotism; a paragon for decades and now an actual superhero for the last four years, so how could Ross predict that he was such a disgusting human being in the first place? Perhaps Ross was trying to discredit the Accords? Was he afraid that a piece of legislation wouldn’t be enough for people that could break concrete walls with their bare hands? The latter seemed the most likely and yet it would depend on Rogers, or at least someone like him, reacting the way he did and wasn’t that just the cherry on top that it was the actual Captain America to do it in the most violent possible way and not just some newbie in tights that only a few people had heard about? And, of course, taking into account that there were people so stupid as to disagree with something they knew nothing about or who would disagree just because Captain America did. Bruce sighed again, Tony was right; people were stupid. The President had already washed his hands. He had appointed Ross for Secretary of State barely weeks befor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Jennifer Walters

freeform: 
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Bobbi Morse
BAMF Maria Hill
BAMF Jennifer Walters
Not A Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Justice
Not Steve Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve-Friendly
Again
at all

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Jennifer Walters

