Work Text:
Steve headed down to Tony’s workshop, his collar hidden inside his fist. He was in the modified uniform Tony had made for him, that didn’t have the cowl attached to the shirt, as Tony liked to see his face. He punched in his code to enter the workshop, and Jarvis immediately muted Tony’s music, an alert they had set up so Steve wouldn’t need to get Tony’s attention. Tony looked up, and Steve brought up his arm and opened his fist, offering Tony the black collar. 
	“Jarvis, save all files,” Tony said as he moved towards Steve. “Dummy, get my Cap equipment.” Steve blushed, as Tony took the collar from his hand. There was just something about Dummy helping Tony with this that he couldn’t quite get over. Tony looped the collar around his neck, his fingers holding it closed, but not latching it.
	“I consent,” Steve said softly, the only words he was planning to say until they were done. He’d prefer to say nothing at all, but Tony had insisted on this, so Steve had agreed. Tony locked the collar, and Steve swallowed, relaxing as he felt the pressure against his throat. Tony would take care of him. He didn’t need to do anything but what Tony told him to. Tony looked him up and down, then nodded, as Dummy put a large case down next to them.
	“Take off the pants, then put the boots back on,” he said, before opening the case to start rummaging in it. Steve quickly removed his boots, stripped off his pants, which he folded and put on the workbench, then put his boots back on. When he looked back at Tony, he was holding a long black strip of fabric Steve was very familiar with. He leaned over slightly, so Tony could easily tie the blindfold around his eyes. It was a very dense fabric, and cut even his vision to nothing. 
	“Wrists,” Tony ordered, and Steve offered his wrists, palms up, as he returned to a full upright position. Tony locked wrist cuffs on, tight enough he could easily feel them, but not so tight they would impede circulation. When he heard/felt Tony kneel and start to attach cuffs around his ankles, his arms automatically moved to cross behind his back, so Tony could restrain them should he so wish. 
	“Lean against the workbench and spread your cheeks,” Tony ordered as he stood up, and Steve blushed again as he complied, spreading his cheeks as wide as they would go, displaying his hole to anyone who would care to look. Tony slid a lube slick finger into him, and Steve gasped. Thanks to the serum, he was always virgin tight, so Tony had to work him open every time. Not that Tony ever complained. In fact, Steve suspected that Tony liked having to take his time with him. Tony added another finger, grazing his fingers against Steve’s prostate, and Steve’s cock twitched. It had been hard since Tony had taken his collar, and Steve knew he wouldn’t be coming anytime soon. Tony liked to make him wait. A few more moments of stretches before Tony pulled his fingers out. 
	“Stand up.” Steve stood, and Tony put something around his cock and balls, then a thick invader spread open his hole. Steve bit his lip to prevent a cry of pain as the widest part of the plug spread him, but then it narrowed again, leaving him feeling like he was full to bursting, but not in pain. He knew the plug probably wasn’t very big, but with the way his hole clenched so tightly around it, it felt huge. He felt straps against his hips, and realized Tony must be using some kind of harness to keep everything in place. Tony took his cock in hand, and then a thick presence slid into it, and a ring was pushed down to just under his glands. He knew from previous experience Tony had corked him, and he wasn’t to come until Tony took out the end cap. He really didn’t want to know what would happen if he came and it couldn’t come out.
	“Kneel, wrists behind your back, face against the floor.” Steve did as ordered, gasping when the plug shifted inside him as he knelt down. Tony locked his wrists together, and Steve gently tugged on them, relaxing as they stayed put. They weren’t capable of holding if he really wanted to get free, but he liked feeling that he couldn’t move. A pair of tugs around his ankles, and Steve knew a short length of leather had been added, so he couldn’t spread his ankles. There was a brush of a hand against his cock, before something was attached to his collar. Steve shifted his knees backwards slightly, which caused his cock to get pulled backward, confirming his thought that Tony had hobbled him. Steve relaxed even more, knowing he was contained. That he was safe.
	“Beautiful,” Tony whispered, and Steve blushed, knowing he must make a sight right now. “I have a lot of work to do, so you just be eye candy while I get things done.” Tony patted him on the ass, before moving away, calling out to Jarvis and Dummy. Steve let himself drift, hearing Tony’s voice and tone, without registering what he was saying. Inch by inch, all the tension in his muscles drained away, trusting Tony to keep him safe, knowing nothing could 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Restraints
Costume Kink
Blindfolds
Ankle Cuffs
Handcuffs
Cock Bondage
Dom/sub
Subspace
Orgasm Delay/Denial
sub!Steve
Dom!Tony
top!tony
bottom!Steve
Barebacking
Collars

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

