Work Text:
While there are absolutely things to dislike about this decade, he finds that compared to almost every other decade, this one is pretty cool.  Though the fifties were excellent as well, but he thinks that has more to do with a dynamic redhead who had a right hook that knocked him on his ass.  The internet, though.  Bucky loves the internet.  It helps him adjust, just like the commercials on TV and the ads on the subways.  It's what he tells Steve, anyway, who still looks at the world around him like it betrayed them and will never be theirs.  It's different for Bucky, he thinks.  The world is bright and new and unfamiliar and so, so loud but it's better – anything is better – than the life he had before.  He says this to Steve once, and Steve looks at him for just a moment like he'd remove something vital to erase the life Bucky had lived.  After that, Steve is careful not to complain so much.Which, of course, isn't to say he doesn't complain at all.“Can't you just call them sandwiches?” Steve asks, walking into the living room from the kitchen, a full plate in one hand his half-eaten Panini in the other.  Bucky glances up, takes in his tee shirt, sweats and bare feet.  His hair is still damp from his shower and there is a quickly healing cut on his left cheek that makes Bucky frown.“No, it's a Panini.  It goes into the grill as a sandwich and comes out a Panini.  Like magic,” he says, watching Steve flop down at the end of the couch.  He shifts and folds one of his leg under himself so his knee brushes up against Steve's thigh.  “What happened to your face?  Tough day at the office?”Steve swallows and wipes his mouth on his napkin before answering, “I was looking for something in the records room and a box fell down and hit me.”“And they said I'd be a danger to you,” he tuts with a crooked grin.  But then Steve is giving him that strange, badly-concealed horrified/heartbroken look again so he changes the subject with a well-practiced quickness.  “So today I went to the gym and had lunch with Natasha and then spent the whole afternoon reading tweets about a guy who got a vibrating dildo stuck up his butt.  Very productive.  It was like creating world peace, only better.”Steve pauses, sandwich – Panini – hovering somewhere between his mouth and his plate.  “What?”Bucky smiles and reaches out to the coffee table to pick up his tablet so he can pull up the article.  “It started with that, but then led to a 'weirdest things people have had to have removed from their bodies' spree, but that one is still fascinating.  He posted X-Ray pictures.”Steve puts his plate down on his lap and blinks at the screen Bucky is holding out to him.  “Is he all right?”Bucky screws up his face in a scowl, “Of course he's all right!   No one ever died from a toy in the butt.  Really, Steve.”“Who would do that to him?  Was he attacked?”  Steve asks, all bright blue eyes and furrowed brows in what Tony calls his Justice Time Face.  It was the first time Bucky had met Tony and Bucky had laughed, then promised that if he ever made fun of Steve like that again, Bucky would remove parts of his body he'd miss.  It was kind of a thing between them for a while but then Tony made him a new arm and Bucky promised he probably wouldn't main him and they were okay after that.  “No.  He did that to himself,” Bucky says, staring at Steve in disbelief.  “Why?  Is he one of those masochists?”Somehow hearing Steve, sweet little 'the word vagina makes me blush' Steve Rogers ask about masochism is the funniest thing he's ever heard in his life, so he laughs.  And laughs and laughs and Steve huffs, and Bucky laughs harder.“Well if you're just going to laugh at me...” Steve says, making like he's going to stand up. Bucky, still laughing, leans over and puts a quelling hand on his leg.  “No, Steve, no.  It's just – you know some people are gay, right?  Men?”  Bucky asks, still trying to wipe the smile off his face but not succeeding entirely.  Steve looks up at him, vexed, but trying hard not to be, “Of course I do.  There was that bar downtown near where you worked on the docks.  Nobody talked about it, but everyone knew.”“I miss that bar.”  At Steve's raised eyebrows, he continues.  “And men have sex with each other.  They're not doing it out of duty or obligation.  It feels good.  Real good.  It's not about masochism.”“Shut up, I know that.  I also know you and I know that whenever you insist that I share in your internet adventures it's because you want to embarrass me and laugh at me, so I was just being proactive.  I simply assumed that there was more to the story than a man who got a toy stuck while he was pleasuring himself.  Just because I don't do it, doesn't mean I don't understand it.”Steve dislodges Bucky's hand, picks up his plate and begins sulkily finishing his dinner and Bucky almost feels bad for a minute until the rest of that comment sinks in and piques his curiosity.  “You don't do it?”“Have sex with men?  Not in recent memo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kind of Domestic
Mostly PWP with the barest trace of plot
Needle in a haystack of plot
Bucky loves the internet and the Food Network
Steve is a terrible cook and sexually adventurous

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

