Work Text:
Some alphas would take one look at Tony and declare that a good knotting would knock him down a few pegs. They’d be wrong, though. He’s been knotted plenty of times and he’s been in charge during every one of them. Tony’s just a dominant omega and that’s the end of it.
 
Steve is a bit dismayed, at first, about how submissive Tony isn’t. In his day, omegas were submissive and alphas were dominant. It was in their nature. But apparently it’s not in Tony’s. It’s not like he’s suppressing it, either, as Steve’s found out. The first time Steve tries to dominate him, Tony laughs in his face.
They’ve just finished a mission debriefing when it happens. Everyone else has already left except Tony and Steve, Steve because he likes to be the last one out and Tony for reasons that become pretty damn clear when he stands up. He’s got a hand pressed against his arm, and Steve feels alarm when he realizes blood is dripping out from between Tony’s fingers.
“Stark,” he says, and guilt makes his voice comes out rougher than he means it, because he should have noticed before now that Tony’s injured. “You need to be in medical.”
“It’s a scratch,” Tony tells him. He looks like he wants to wave Steve off, but his hand is otherwise occupied holding his blood inside him, so he shrugs instead. “I’m fine, Cap.”
“Tony,” Steve says, and he uses the most dominant tone he has. He doesn’t approve, exactly, of alphas who use their power over omegas to get what they want, but Tony’s hurt and he needs to be in medical. If he won’t go there on his own, Steve will use any advantage he has to do get it done. It’s in Tony’s own best interest.
“Nice try, Capster,” Tony says, already walking away. “But I’m just not that kind of girl.”
 
Submissive omegas do still exist, Steve knows. Clint, for example. The guy’s mouthy out in the field or when they’re all together, but Steve’s seen him interact with Coulson enough to know he’s got to be as submissive as any alpha could want in the bedroom. Tony’s not like that, though. His attitude isn’t a front or a separate aspect of his personality. It’s in every single part of him.
Steve’s heard stories about Tony to back all his theories. When his father died, the board was hesitant about declaring an omega the CEO of Stark Industries. Tony was able to change their minds through sheer force of will and persuasive charisma.
It’s not just his mind that’s powerful, either. The first and only time an alpha tried to knot him against his will and show him his place, Tony put him in the hospital with a broken wrist and chemical burns. No one fucks with Tony because he just won’t stand for it.
That’s not even going into his kidnapping in Afghanistan. No one ever thought an omega could come out of that situation alive and unbroken, but Tony proved them wrong. Tony doesn’t talk about it, but Natasha seems to think the men who held him implemented some kind of water torture against him. Based on Tony’s occasional flashbacks that Steve’s been witness to, she’s probably right. But the very fact that Tony managed to not only escape, but also create something as amazing as the Iron Man suit under those conditions really speaks to the testament of his strength and will power.
It’s possible that Steve’s being forced to reevaluate his ideas about omegas.
 
Eventually, the tension between them blows over. Steve never tries to dominate Tony again after that first time in a meeting, at least not directly, and Tony, in turn, stops being so prickly about the times Steve does assert his rank over the team. Tony’s still infuriating at times, going off on his own, doing whatever he wants, not communicating with the rest of the team when he’s about to do something tremendously stupid and suicidal. Still, it’s getting better.
Sometimes, Steve even thinks there might be something between them. It’s nature, he knows, alpha and omega go together, but with Tony’s it’s never really like that. Tony’s coarse and unrefined, even when he’s wearing suits worth more than Steve’s entire apartment growing up. He swears and tells dirty jokes, walks about half-naked in public. He’s the farthest thing from an omega Steve can think of in so many ways.
That’s why it’s so confusing, at first, the attraction between them. Tony flirts with everyone, but he concentrates his efforts on Steve, and Steve, for reasons he doesn’t even really understand, flirts back. He doesn’t know where it’s going for the longest time, different as they are, but he keeps going with it, because, despite everything Tony is and isn’t, it all feels so right.
 
Tony’s done wonders for omega rights. Sure, the big portion of rights were granted in the ‘60s while Steve slept, and he remembers the suffrage movement in the twenties, but things still aren’t really equal in practice. They say the average omega only makes 80 cents for every dollar an alpha makes. But Tony doesn’t take anyone’s shit, regardless of gender, so he’s a great spokesman for the movement. He’s also an equ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
mentions of mpreg
omega!Tony
Alpha!Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

