Work Text:
So, Iron Man apparently needed better surge protection in his suit. He was falling, straight out of the sky into the middle of Manhattan, and Peter could only hope--only hope--only shoot his web and yeah, his aim was true, and yeah, Iron Man bounced as lightly as a golf club on a windscreen, but the webbing held. Peter fired again, snaring Iron Man and easing him to the ground as strand after strand of web broke in a beautiful display of applied physics.
They landed in an alley between two buildings. "Are you okay?"
Iron Man's arms twitched. "Mask! Off! Now!" His voice was scratchy, distorted; oh, a speaker, right. "Screwdriver! Side!" He pointed to the side of his helmet.
Peter grabbed his Leatherman--he always carried his Leatherman, even in the suit--and grabbed the place that seemed most logical, there at the cheek, and there was a seam there. A screw there. Peter undid it and Iron Man gasped for breath and sucked in delicious New York alley air.
Cool.
Problem solved. "So, are you okay?" Peter asked. Tony Stark looked like a movie star up close. Peter prayed his voice didn't break.
"Jarvis, back online or I'm giving you cyberherpes," Stark said to the thin air.
"Sgirlgle," the mask said.
"Fuck. Do you have the strength of ten men by any chance?" Stark asked Peter.
"Um... kinda." More like a hundred, but it wasn't like that was really measurable, and, well, he sounded like a geek if he said it out loud.
"Then help me up. Fast. Lung compression--" Peter hauled him to his feet. "Hey. Nice. The suit weighs four hundred pounds. Jarvis! Online!"
"Nsssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," the mask said.
"Cyberchlamydia. So, are you a good kid?" Stark asked.
"Um," Peter said.
"You're a kid, clearly. Are you a good kid is the question. Good enough not to kidnap me and hold me ransom for a million billion dollars? Because I'd pay it. Someone would pay it, anyway, probably Pepper. How good a kid are you?"
"Better than that," Peter said.
"Great. Because I can walk, but not very well. You got my back?"
"Well, yeah!"
"Awesome. Jarvis!" Stark shook the mask. His whole body clanked with every move. "What hit me?"
"Electro did. He's, uh, a criminal. Kind of a super criminal. He shoots electricity."
"Good name for him. You know, I'm supposed to be immune to electrical surges. I've been hit by lightning up there and didn't feel a thing. So, why, that's the question. Jarvis! I have questions! Wake up, schmuck!"
"Uh," Peter said. "Did you name your suit... Jarvis?" Why. Why why why. Stark was weirder in person than on TV.
"No, Jarvis is the AI. The suit is the suit, it's not animate, that would be stupid. The last thing you want to encase your vital organs in is something that's self-aware. Jarvis is my buddy. Buddy? Buddy. Speak to me!" Stark stared into the mask. "What the hell?"
"Yes, sir?" the mask said.
"Finally! Do we have flight?"
"No, sir. Rebooting. All systems offline."
"AIDS. I'm giving you AIDS."
The sky crackled. Peter looked up, so did Stark. "He's coming back," Peter said.
"Jarvis, is the rebreather online?"
"No, sir," the mask said.
"Hate. Hate you."
"Yes, sir."
He couldn't leave Stark with his suit offline. The man could barely move. He was a sitting duck. So--camouflage. Peter squirted webbing over their heads, layer after layer forming a canopy against the telltale shine of the Iron Man suit in the bright sun. "I've got your back," Peter said. "The webbing is nonconductive."
Stark was eying his wrists. "What's that made of? Who's your supplier? It's not bad."
"It's--" Peter blushed, thanking God the mask was opaque. "Biological."
Stark raised his eyebrows, then raised them more. "Gross."
"Yeah, and it happens when I sneeze, too." WHY DID HE SAY THAT. WHY. Peter blushed harder.
"And that's TMI. Jarvis, ETA."
"Three minutes 14 seconds."
"Do you understand how dead I could be in three minutes?"
"Yes, sir. Doing my best, sir."
"Why is the suit British?" Peter asked.
Stark scowled at him. "No, my suits are French. The *armor* is American. The voice of the AI is mid-Atlantic. Precision, kid. Lend me your screwdriver."
Peter handed over the Leatherman and didn't say anything else until a bolt of lightning hit a pole next to them. "That's not good," Stark said.
"Two minutes fifteen seconds... forty-five seconds..."
"Wrong direction!" Stark shouted.
Peter judged weight and balance, chose his point, then picked Stark up and hefted him over his shoulder. "Hold on," he said. Dammit, dumb--nothing to hold onto.
"Hello." But Stark didn't kick or anything. He kind of folded around Peter, balancing his weight over Peter's shoulder as the webbing carried them upwards.
Electro was a bright spot of lime green insulating suit hovering over the city. He floated in electrical fields, or something like that; Peter had never quite worked out the physics of it all. He also shot lightning out of his fingertips, which was the more pressing concern. Also, with only one hand free, Peter had to let go of the current web before shooti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Iron Man/Spider-Man

freeform: 
Crossover
Bisexuality
Blow Job
First Time
Superpowers

fandom: 
Iron Man/Spider-Man

