Work Text:
This ‘threesome’ was not turning out quite the way Loki had pictured it.It wasn’t turning out how Tony had pictured it either, to be fair, and he expected fairly well everything out of a threesome, especially once he considered who his partners were. There was Loki, god of mischief and unusual sexual activities (and apparently that was a legitimate title of his, too, not just Tony’s habit of annoyingly but truthfully nicknaming everyone around him) and then Loki had brought in Thor, which Tony was extremely okay with because A, it was Thor, and B, the god of fertility had to have something extra going for him.Which he did. Tony and Loki had expected creative. Just not this creative.Tony wasn’t entirely certain that Loki would escape the night without internal bleeding.He glanced up at Thor, standing proudly over the handiwork he’d spent the last ten minutes manipulating Loki into, step by step, keeping Loki so stupid with lust he’d barely noticed what had been going on until it’d been kind of too late. “Are you sure he’s okay there?”Thor just laughed, deep and rumbling, and shoved a rough, playful hand into Loki’s hair. It jarred Tony for a second - it was so brotherly - but no, he couldn’t think about that or he’d spend the whole threesome wondering if it was or wasn’t incest.And besides, from the looks of it, Tony wasn’t sure that Thor meant to fuck Loki at all. He’d started by getting him naked, slowly yet firmly, and then gagged him, a thick band of fabric over his mouth, almost uncomfortably resembling the muzzle he’d worn after the first mess. Then Thor had made him kneel at the bottom left corner of Tony’s bed, and tied his hands to the bedpost well above his head (yes, Tony had bedposts, and yes, they had bondage attachments, of course they did). So far, so smokingly hot - Tony and Loki had played around with bondage a couple of times, and there was just something about taking away all of Loki’s perfect princely composure and leaving him ruined. So Thor had gotten himself a bound, silenced, kneeling Loki, already half out of his mind with pleasure, and then…Tony still wasn’t sure he could believe it.Thor had picked up Mjolnir, the super ancient power of the gods, the hammer that could topple skyscrapers and giants by the thousands, and had rubbed lube over the leather-wrapped handle, pulled Loki up, pushed it under him, and then had worked the entire fucking handle into Loki’s ass like he did it all the time. Loki had been gasping and writhing under Thor’s hands, all twisted pale lines and rising desperation, and he’d snapped into a wide-eyed moment when he’d worked out what had been going on, and almost, almost fought his way free.He hadn’t magicked himself out to call stop, though, and he’d been hard without a single touch to his cock by the time his ass cheeks had hit the head of the hammer.Tony swallowed and his cock twitched with interest.Thor folded his massive, bulging arms and stared down at Loki. He was standing behind him, so Loki couldn’t meet his eyes, and he wasn’t looking at Tony either, just fixed on the bedpost like he wasn’t going to acknowledge anything else. His hands had gone still with the last long push downwards, folded into themselves deceptively calmly, breathing slow and even. The high flush on his cheeks above the gag hadn’t faded, though, or the pink spread over his naked skin. And his cock was jutting up between his thighs, full and hard and dripping.Thor gave a satisfied nod. “Yes, I think he makes a fair sight. And I confess myself too impatient to attempt to improve him.” Loki shuddered at that, the way Thor discussed him, objectifying and distant - almost like Loki was part of Mjolnir now, instead of the other way around. Like he was just another tool at Thor’s command, his own personal sex toy to be arranged nicely so Thor could have something pretty to look at while he got off. Then Thor lifted his head and beamed at Tony, and Tony almost melted under the kilowatt smile, the happy intensity all focused on him, because oh yeah, there were three people in this threesome. Thor had grand plans for Loki; what did he want with Tony? More bondage? More domination? Maybe he’d grab Tony and make him suck Loki off, given that he was helpless to do anything for himself…Tony went hot just thinking about it.Thor took two steps nearer to Tony, sitting up naked against the headboard. Thor’s muscles were all flowing as he walked, big and toned and inviting. “Do not think yourself neglected. I have barely begun this night.”“Nope, no problem.”Thor put a knee up on the bed, and followed it with the huge bulk of his body, all warm skin and gold hair, and crawled over Tony; Tony slipped down the bed to lie on his back under Thor. Thor’s giant arms bent at the elbows and he came closer, and yes, that was good, and Tony tilted his face up to be kissed. Thor smiled, a brief flash before his hot lips were smothering Tony’s, the kiss all force and fire, harsh and fast and hard. To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki/Mjolnir
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - M/M/M
Object Insertion
Exhibitionism
Electrostimulation
Light Dom/sub
Bondage
Slight objectification
Safe Sane and Consensual
Thunderfrostiron - Freeform

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki/Mjolnir
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

