Work Text:
It starts in Paris.Sam's been on the search with Steve for a month now, just about. Trail started in DC, left the States within a week, went cold as soon as Bucky hit Europe and then popped up again, just obvious enough to be deliberate.“Do you think he wants us to follow him?” Steve asks for the fiftieth time, staring morosely at some Monet in the Musée d'Orsay, and Sam nudges his shoulder.“He wouldn't have left these breadcrumbs if he didn't,” he points out, “come on, it's like you said. Clues you'd pick up but nobody else would, the CIA isn't even looking close to here, you gotta trust your instincts.”“Yeah,” Steve says, and scowls at the painting. Sam frowns.“It's not good?”“It's Monet,” Steve says, and reverts back to brooding silence.On the way out, half a dozen Japanese tourists get between them. Someone bumps Sam, mutters an apology in easy French. Sam doesn’t even glance up.He only finds the keycard in his pocket when he's alone, much, much later. He’s not sure what to expect. The hotel is beautiful, very quiet, on the rue de Lille in the 7th arrondissement, and Sam finds his way upstairs to the room. Hesitates before sliding the keycard into the lock.When he pushes the door open, he thinks at first the room is empty. It’s unlit except for the late afternoon sun flooding in through the window on the opposite wall, and Sam blinks, looks around, blinks again. Bucky is standing in the far corner, gun held loosely in his metal hand. Sam raises both hands, steps inside. Kicks the door closed, hands still in the air.“You don’t gotta,” Bucky says, “don’t—” and flicks the safety back on, sets the gun down on the table under the window. “Don’t worry,” he adds. Tucks a lock of hair behind his ear. “I’m not. Him. You don’t gotta.”“Okay,” Sam says, still cautious, and takes off his jacket, drapes it over the back of one chair. Puts his hands in his pockets, and just looks at Bucky for a minute or two. “Steve doesn’t know I’m here,” he says, and Bucky nods once.“Figured you’d be smart enough for that.”“You know who I am,” Sam says, a question in his voice. Bucky shrugs.“You're Sam. We've met. Well, not technically.”“It's complicated,” Sam offers, and Bucky smiles, wry.“Yeah,” he agrees. “Complicated. You could say that.”“Barnes—” Sam starts. Bucky frowns. Shakes his head. He's looking into the middle distance, shoulders tight.“Just Bucky. I'm not him, either.”“Bucky,” Sam repeats. Bucky lifts his gaze to Sam's face, slow. Shoulders falling like it's an effort. When he makes eye contact, Sam glances away. Catches his breath, looks back at Bucky. Bucky is very still.“Bucky,” Sam says slowly, “did you steal a Monet?”“Nah,” Bucky says. Grins crookedly. “Steal a Monet, you’d have to be a real professional, right? Practically a ghost.”That doesn’t rule you out, Sam thinks, and watches Bucky’s face. Bucky holds eye contact just long enough for it to be deliberate, although everything he does seems deliberate right now, action carefully chosen even where Sam doesn’t understand the meaning behind it.“You mind if I smoke?” Bucky asks, paper pack of cigarettes in hand, and Sam shakes his head.“No,” he says, “go ahead,” and then adds, conscientious, “the hotel might, though.”“Right,” Bucky says, “sure, yeah,” and crosses to the window, cracks it open, lights a cigarette. He smokes slowly, face all angles and shadows in the setting sun, and Sam is struck by just how goddamn handsome he is. It’s not something he’d really noticed while being kicked off a helicarrier, but damn.“I’m gonna—” he says, careful, aware of the gun on the table even if it’s not being aimed at him, and gestures at the minibar. “If that’s okay?”“Oh, shit,” Bucky says, “go ahead, I was gonna offer you a fuckin’ drink. Kinda hard to remember this shit, you know?” He’s wry about it, a little mocking, and Sam gives in, rolls his eyes as he pours himself a whisky over ice. Bucky smiles wider, as if he was hoping to get a rise and Sam’s reaction was just what he wanted, and Sam holds up the miniature bottle, tips his head to the side.“You want one?”“Yeah,” Bucky says, considering. “Sure. Why not. No ice for me. There’s a joke in there but I can’t be fucked figuring it out, you get the gist.” Jesus Christ this is not what he expected, Sam thinks to himself, but he pours the whisky anyway, crosses the room, sets the glass down on the table. Sits down on the edge of the bed and sips his whisky. It’s good. This is a nice hotel room. He looks at Bucky, at the room, the window. Bucky stubs out one cigarette and lights another, sips a mouthful of his drink, raises an eyebrow at Sam and throws back the whole thing in one swallow. Sam can’t help but watch the way his throat works, the movement of his Adam’s apple. It’s distracting. He swallows another mouthful of his own drink, clears his throat.“Steve looked at this,” Sam says, gesturing to the painting (a Monet there’s a goddamn Monet just sitting in this hotel room, propped up on that mediocre imitation b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Pining
Mutual Pining
Angst
Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
soft domestic winter falcon is my downfall
post winter soldier
Post Civil War

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

