Work Text:
It started because it was cold in New York, too cold to have post-closing dinner outside, so they'd moved indoors to Mjolnir. They'd moved indoors to Mjolnir, and Thor had a new beer that was 10% alcohol by volume, and only Steve had noticed the high alcohol content before everyone drank several of them."Why did you not tell us this beer was half gin?" Tony groaned, head resting on the polished-wood surface of Mjolnir's bar. It was two in the morning, and only Thor still looked like he could go another eight hours. "I thought you knew," Steve said. He'd only had one beer, but he didn't often drink, so he was pleasantly relaxed. "How would we know?" Sam asked. His head was mostly resting on Tony's shoulder."Can't you taste it?" Steve asked. He made a face. "It's all I can taste." "Because you have superhuman tastebuds," Tony grumbled. "I like it," Natasha said. She looked entirely sober, but Natasha drank flaming vodka shots for fun. Clint was leaning around her, chin resting on her shoulder. Behind the bar, Thor put out another plateful of crispy crab things, and Tony groped blindly for them, stuffing a few in his mouth. "I don't think you're in a position to appreciate those properly," Steve told Tony. "I don't think I have to take that sass from you," Tony retorted. "Thor. Thor, spill. What do you fry these in. I have to know.""It is a secret passed down to me from my Norwegian forefathers who settled the wilds of Minnesota," Thor said. "I bet Loki knows," Clint suggested. "Better watch out, he'll open a chain of Crispy Crab Thing restaurants.""He wouldn't dare," Thor growled. "You know, I looked into the Asgard Grill," Natasha said. Thor frowned. "It's a brewpub in Minneapolis. Your dad has the most popular burger stand at the Minnesota State Fair." "Am I to be ashamed of this? His hamburgers have won blue ribbons from Minneapolis to -- ""Eastern Minneapolis?" Clint suggested. Thor boomed a laugh. "You know what makes a great burger, you gotta grind the meat yourself, fresh, and you need oxtail," Tony said."Are you kidding me with this?" Sam asked. "Nope. Gotta have oxtail.""Explain why smashburgers are so popular, then," Steve said. "Because the American public has no sense of taste, smell, dignity, or beauty," Tony replied."Snob," Steve said. "Hipster! Smashburgers are hockey pucks.""Delicious, delicious hockey pucks," Clint moaned. "All right, smart guy, you explain it," Tony challenged. Steve rolled his eyes. "A hamburger is never just a hamburger. It's an American experience. No, I'm serious," he said, as Sam began to laugh at him. "Hamburgers are comfort food but they're also a cultural commodity, they represent something deeply ingrained in American childhood. Cookouts and camping and -- and trips to McDonalds after Christmas shopping.""What," Natasha said."That's a weirdly specific cultural experience," Sam agreed."You guys didn't do that?" Clint asked. Natasha shook her head, bumping her nose against his cheek briefly. Sam shrugged. Clint frowned. "I totally did that. You too, Steve?""Yeah, it was a treat for being good," Steve said. "Good hot food. Salt and fat and beef. I mean, it's totally a destructive capitalist mechanism for denuding the midwest of good growing crops and it encourages factory farming and they profit obscenely from potato subsidies -- ""Dear lord," Thor interrupted. "Not tonight, Steven." "Fine," Steve said. "My point is, a hamburger is a shape that represents an experience. If it's edible, it doesn't need to taste good. Tasting good is just a bonus." "So what do you like on your burger?" Natasha asked, waving as Bruce and Peter arrived. "TOBRU's closed up," Bruce reported. Tony acknowledged it with a flop of his hand. "I see Thor's introduced you to the Viking Funeral IPA," he added, sipping from Tony's half-finished beer. "You knew about the beer?" Tony asked."Yeah, who do you think turned Thor on to it?""Peter," Clint said. "Taking a poll. Did your parents take you to McDonalds after Christmas shopping?" "Uncle Ben took me to Burger King when we went shopping," Peter said. "Aunt May's a health nut. If I was good, after we went shopping she'd buy me the special granola with the chocolate chips in it."Tony sat up, looked in horror at Peter, and then pulled him into a hug. Peter whimpered, confused, the noise muffled by Tony's shoulder. "Thor, make him a hamburger," Tony commanded. "I turned off the grill," Thor said. "But someday, Peter, I will make for you the hamburger of my ancestors.""I thought you said your ancestors were Norwegian," Sam said. "Norwegians invented the hamburger," Thor informed him. "That is 100% not true," Steve said. "So what's the deal with hamburgers?" Peter asked. "Steve insists that hamburgers are a cultural avatar," Natasha said. "And it doesn't matter if they taste good or not." "Obviously they should taste good, but I bet if you ask any number of people, they'd say that the experience of eating one is more important," Steve protested
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Food
Cooking
Alternate Universe - Chefs
Hamburgers
norwegian cheese
RPF

fandom: 
None
