Work Text:
It started with a bright-red Iron Man mug, which Tony found in front of the coffeepot one early Tuesday morning. Running on only three hours of sleep and no caffeine, Tony filled it up without really looking at it, and didn’t realize anything was amiss until he’d brought the cup to his lips and encountered soggy paper. “Wha…” he started, then peeled off the offending paper - a yellow post-it note with the word ‘sorry’ written in an unfamiliar scrawl - and squinted at it. “Jarvis, where did this mug come from?” Tony asked, holding the mug up and blinking at it owlishly. Now that he’d gotten a good look at it, he could see that it was easily one of the gaudiest things he’d ever laid eyes on. The red was so bright that it almost hurt to look at it for very long, and the ‘gold’ was just a very dull yellow, glitzed up with what Tony suspected was glitter glue. There was a cheesy, cartoony-looking Iron Man on the front, positioned with a hand on his hip, in such a way that it looked as though that arm was the mug’s handle. Very ostentatious. Tony immediately loved it, and wanted to buy as many as possible so he’d have spares when he or one of the bots inevitably broke it. “Sergeant Barnes returned with it this morning after his run with Captain Rogers, Sir,” JARVIS said, surprising Tony. “I believe it is meant as a replacement for the one that was broken yesterday.” Tony frowned. “Is he still stuck on that? I told him to forget about it,” he sighed, eyeing the new mug warily. It had been an accident, after all; Barnes obviously hadn’t  meant  to give Tony a minor heart attack at two in the morning. He’d seemed just as surprised to see Tony in the kitchen as Tony had been to see him, and besides - if Tony had been paying a little more attention to his surroundings instead of his tablet, he might have noticed Barnes a little sooner. Really, Barnes was the one who’d been wronged - Tony, at least, hadn’t gotten a ceramic cup full of (thankfully cold) coffee thrown at his face. Tony wrinkled his nose at the memory. “Geez, I’m a billionaire. I can afford to buy my own mugs,” he grumbled to himself, swirling the coffee in his cup around. “Captain Rogers made a similar statement, but Sergeant Barnes was most insistent,” JARVIS replied, sounding amused to Tony’s ear. Tony huffed, then shook his head. “Yeah, well… tell him thanks from me, would you, J?” he said, reaching for the coffeepot so he could get a refill. “And find out where he got it - I think I want to get a few more.”  
  Even though Barnes had moved into the tower with Steve a little over six months ago, Tony didn’t actually run into him all that much - unexpected kitchen encounters in the middle of the night notwithstanding. Tony thought it might have been intentional, on Barnes’s part. Though he was slowly starting to warm towards the rest of Steve’s friends, he still acted skittish around Tony, which left a certain awkwardness between them. Tony wasn’t sure why - he always tried to be on his best behavior whenever they encountered each other (defensive cup-throwing aside) - and Steve had seemed genuinely surprised when Tony had brought it up with him. In any case, encountering Barnes twice in the same week was something of a novelty for Tony. Which was why it came as something of a surprise when he ran into both him and Steve on his way out of the kitchen. “No, I’m not letting it go,” Steve was saying, clearly agitated, while Barnes looked heavenward, wearing the long-suffering expression of someone who heard a particular rant one too many times. “You can’t just pick up a team and move them all the way across the country like that! I mean - what does that leave us with? The Mets? The  Yankees?” “I like the Mets,” Tony said in lieu of a greeting, grinning when Cap shot him a dirty look in response. “What’s wrong, Cap? Dodgers lose again?” Steve’s scowl intensified. “No,” he said grumpily, squaring his jaw. “I was just telling Bucky how  ridiculous  it is that -” “You have to go all the way across the country just to see a home game from your precious Dodgers,” Tony finished, not quite rolling his eyes. “We know.” Steve huffed in annoyance, but Tony cut him off before he could continue his rant. “By the way, Frosty - thanks for the mug,” he said, holding up his new favorite cup and tilting it towards Barnes. “It’s nice to know someone else around here knows style when they see it.” Barnes’s face flickered briefly in surprise. Then he gave Tony a small, tentative smile - the first one Tony had ever seen from the guy in person, if Tony wasn’t mistaken. It did really nice things to Barnes’s face, and made Tony wish he’d do it around Tony more often - especially when he looked over at Steve, and the smile turned smug. “Told you,” Barnes said, sounding pleased with himself. Steve rolled his eyes. “I didn’t say he wouldn’t like it. I just said he’d probably want to file a lawsuit against whoever made them,” he said, looking back over at Tony - and the mug
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Winteriron Holiday Exchange
winteriron
Getting Together
Gift Exchange
Steve Rogers & Bucky Barnes friendship
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Shy Bucky Barnes
Presents
Courting with gifts
Fluff
Awkwardness
Awkward Bucky Barnes
Confused Tony Stark
Bucky is bad at feelings
Romance
Minor Injuries
Baseball
Awkward Crush
Secret Crush
Crushes
Bucky Has A Crush
Steve Is a Good Bro
(or a bad bro depending on your point of view)
Oblivious Tony Stark
Holiday Fic Exchange
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Awkward Romance

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

