Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“From the beginning. Go.”“Very well. In the beginning, there was a grand plan, by he who is the grandest of them all, Odin. The plan was to defeat the Frost Giants, save the galaxy and be home in time for victory pleasantries with the queen. It was... a good plan. However, though the Frost Giants were defeated, they were left bitter and just strong enough to be a nuisance. Odin returned with an abandoned child and, the way I have been told, there was not much room left for marital pleasantries on that day.”“Look, if this is going to be like Asgard's version of Pride and Prejudice, we're going to need to order a takeaway or something. You like pizza?”“Pepperoni and ham. Extra cheese.”“... Pizza it is. Continue.”

*
Well, Heimdall, glorified gatekeeper of Asgard, had stared at the baby with some degree of horror, and wonderment no doubt, which was interesting because Odin was sporting an empty socket where his eye once used to be and Heimdall hadn't even looked surprised. At least, that is how the story goes. He asked, “What do you mean to do with the child? We are not Frost Giants, so we cannot eat it.”Odin gave Heimdall a one-eyed glare. He really was becoming a little more casual in his dislike of the Jotuns in recent days. “They are savage, but I am certain they do not eat their young.”“No,” Heimdall had said, pausing for effect to the degree that a new galaxy had been born somewhere before he added, “They just leave them to perish.”Odin held the precious babe close, smiling at how quiet he was, that trusting innocent look of his, until the little devil relieved himself in the All-Father's hand. “Heimdall, your cloak, my friend," Odin asked. “You have a cloak,” Heimdall pointed out.So Odin held the child in his cloak for any future eventualities, the baby already establishing dominion over the Asgard. Looking at the giggling baby, Odin asked, “How could anyone leave such an innocent to perish?”“The Jotuns are cruel and barbaric and have disproportionately small genitalia," Heimdall offered most helpfully. Odin frowned. “They do?”“I have heard,” Heimdall said with a nod. Odin chuckled quietly and stroked the child's face. Heimdall sighed. “I know what you mean to do with the child.”"He is a Jotun prince," Odin said, "And so he must be raised as a prince. Who knows where his destiny lies? He could be the one who unites us with Jotunheim one day.”“The child left to perish by his own kind?” Heimdall asked. “Doubtful.”“Why must you be such a doomsayer?”“Why must you be so blind?” Odin's eye narrowed. Heimdall shifted uncomfortably and asked, “Too soon?” 

*
Later in the day as Odin watched Frigga cradling the baby, he had realised that the loss of an eye was the best way to soften the blow of a suddenly expanded family. Frigga could be heard ranting and raving from the other end of the palace, news of the child having reached her, asking who Odin thought he was bringing home babies as if she was an everlasting fountain of maternal instinct, just waiting for children to fill her lap.It was while she was weeping over the loss of his eye he had discreetly manoeuvred the child into her lap and said, “He is not as heavy as Thor was.”Tears in her eyes, Frigga had laughed at Odin and said, “No child could be.”Thor was an incredibly fat baby, you see. Odin covered her hand and said, “I will find a good noble family for him, if you wish it. You do not have to tolerate something for which you did not ask.”Frigga looked up at Odin, holding the boy close. “Children are to be loved, not tolerated. Anyone who knows the truth about this child, will only ever tolerate him.”“And you?” Odin asked.Frigga looked down at the child, sadness clouding her features. He knew she saw the same thing he had. Innocent trusting eyes. Odin stiffened at the memory of his hand suddenly warm and wet. Frigga was wearing a particularly fetching dress too.Frigga gasped as the child caught her finger and gurgled. She laughed at him, which prompted laughter from the child accompanied by a furious kicking of legs. She sighed and said, “I think he is staying.”Odin smiled and leaned forward to embrace her. She promptly pushed him back and said, “He is staying.”

*
And so came about a second grand plan. Loki would grow beside Thor as his brother. One would rule Asgard. The other would rule Jotunheim one day. What could go wrong with this plan? 

*
“I fear you have lost more than your eye,” Heimdall pointed out on hearing the plan. “You think the Jotuns will simply allow you to place Loki on their throne? The child they left to die.”Odin considered this. “I hope that by the time Loki and Thor are grown, Jotunheim and Asgard will be closer to peace.”“They are Frost Giants,” Heimdall said. “Their language has no word for peace.”“That is not so," Odin objected. “They also have no words for anything of a light or soft nature,” Heimdall said.“These are lies,” Odin said.“I have heard they often consume each other whilst mating.”And s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Loki Does What He Wants
Avenger Loki
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Alternate Reality
Action/Adventure
Arranged Marriage
Steve and Loki could be a thing if you squint

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Steve Rogers

