Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
 

Prologue

The day that her life changed forever was a day like any other. She rose, she donned her uniform, she ate a spartan breakfast, she received her orders from Ivan, she left for her mission. It was a simple mission; all she had to do was deliver the goods at the rendezvous point, then return to base. Simple or not, Ivan would be pleased; she loved the glow of satisfaction in his eyes whenever he contemplated the success he had had with her, his most valued protege. And she took pride in herself; in serving the people who had taken her in as a lost child, who had kept her from becoming just another orphan about to become lost in the cold indifference of the vast and impoverished country. They had given her a life. She had given them her loyalty. They had given her a purpose. She had given them her existence. They had ensured that.
The simple mission quickly became complicated, almost from the beginning. She had a feeling she was being tailed, but though she couldn’t locate anyone it was enough to put her on edge. Then her contact was nearly ten minutes late--she was about to leave when the car finally rolled up into the alley.
The car window rolled down, and Natasha sauntered up to the man peering out at her. “You’re late. Almost too late.”
“So are you.”
The pain that pierced through her shoulder, down almost to her heart, was exquisite, and completely unexpected. She opened her mouth--to protest? to warn?--but not a sound came out. Reaching around, she groped at her shoulder until she felt the shaft of the arrow protruding out. With the last bit of her strength, she jerked it out of her body and looked in dismay at the purple feather fletching.
Oh, hell, she thought, and howled a curse, just before she passed out.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Dubious Ethics
Prisoner of War
Mirror Universe
Dark Character
Kinks
Coercion
Mental Coercion
Sexual Coercion
Bondage and Discipline
Bondage
Power Imbalance
Non-Consensual Bondage
BDSM
Breathplay
Humiliation
Possessive Steve
Anal Plug
Aftercare
Caning
Hate Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Objectification
Dom/sub
Pain
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Tony
Impact Play
Steve Rogers Has Issues
The Author Regrets Nothing
Collars
Non-Consensual Spanking
Oral Sex
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Non-Consensual Touching
Riding Crops
Whump
Dark
Read the tags!
Vaginal Sex
Leashes
Tony Stark REALLY doesn't like being handed things
Good Guy Bruce Banner
Ice
mild temperature play
Dildos
Complete
Alternate Universe - BDSM
D/s-verse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

