Chapter 1: loneliness
    




Chapter Text
He was much like a jellyfish with its translucent like bell exhibiting hues of light blue, speckled with silver spots, and was about as big as the world’s largest tortoise. It even had several thin tentacles hanging from beneath the edges of his body, but unlike a jellyfish, it had a unique set of legs. Two black back legs echoed the hind legs of a grasshopper. Its front arms were also insect like, with three claw-like fingers or hands at the ends. There was no actual head. Instead, three dark eyes were triangulated near the bottom of its bell body, with mandibles for a mouth. Long silvery antenna stretched out above the eyes and twitched as he took in his new surroundings of tall trees and greenery.It crawled along quickly like a crab, making slight gravely wheezing noises. Any animal nearby either hid or gave a few noises of warning to keep its distance.This place wasn’t its home. He had a home elsewhere, where the land was nice and marshy. Where there were plenty more of its kind, scuttling about, basking in the warmth on a flat rock, harmonizing in the lazy evening by chiming on a grassy blue hill, curling up in a nice moist cave with the water tickling its feet.The creature was what a few others on that planet called a jalopoli. The jalopoli kept to themselves, only having interest in their own kind; finding mates and breeding.The jalopoli came to a stop near a shrub and issued a low hollow whistle. It was the mating season back home, and it was the very reason he had been scuttling about on a planet that was not home.His prick had been hard and ready as it moved about energetically, shifting the colors of its bell to soft pinks and oranges to attract a potential mate. It had made dancing motions and even leaped about in perfect arches, much like the other males had been doing, presenting themselves before a cluster of eager females perched together on a rocky formation rising out of a pool in their habitat. He had made beautiful chirps and issued low whistles to bring one forward. It would be his first female. It would happen in this year’s mating. Once a jalopoli reached eight years, it was time to acquire a permanent mate and he was more than ready, being that he had failed to acquire one eight years ago. The second time was the charm.Problem was, he wasn’t selected by any of the fine female specimens. It was déjà vu all over again. Other jalopolis had flashed brighter colors on their bells or leaped higher and sang louder and more beautifully. He had been overlooked and ignored. He tried not to behave desperately, but he had regardless. He leapt frantically and made continuous whistles, all while the females approached other jalopoli males who embraced them into their core with their tentacles.In no time the area was bare of females. The blame fell on the three-legged beings of their world who appeared to have an interest in hunting the females whenever they craved jalopoli meat. There had already been a low population of the females, so every jalopoli was hoping this year’s mating would bring about a higher number of them. The jalopoli issue a hollow whistle and quietly scuttled away from the pairs around him. Surely there were other females about. There were other unmated males, so he didn’t feel alone in not acquiring his mate, but it was still shameful; more shameful as this was the second time he’d been passed. Paired jalopolis flashed hues of dark red as a warning to the singles to stay away, but it was also a way of shaming them. Their hues flashed darker and brighter for him as all knew it was now sixteen years without a mate for him.Being single did not mean they were exiled, but it might as well be considered an exile. Unpaired jalopolis were the lowest in rank and considered worthless. They would not find protection from the family if predators came near. They would be on their own unless they managed to find a female soon otherwise it would be another eight years wait. Said unpaired jalopoli had continued his desperate hunt for a female for about a week, before he had to accept the fact that there were none for him. His bell had maintained a sick green coloring for a while. Everywhere it went, flashes of red came his way, and he shrunk in on himself, clicking its mandibles slowly. The males made harsh gurgling sounds, suggesting that he leave for good because it was pathetic to be alone for so long. It was rare for a jalopoli to go sixteen years without a female. There was only one other that had the same experience and that jalopoli was slouched almost lifeless upon a stump.From afar he would watch the jalopoli mate with the other singles who also issued green hues. But it was too much. The other singles could accept this but he could not. He knew there had to be a female out there for him. He couldn’t be destined to go sixteen years without the chance to lessen his seed and bring forth a wonderful family. So when the night came, he forced him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alien Sex
beastiality
Mpreg
Oviposition
Mating
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rape/Non-con Elements
Body Horror
Body Modification
Beings merging into one
Bottom Tony Stark
Helpless team
Disturbing Themes
twists
Adaptation
identity crisis
Creepy
Bittersweet Ending

fandom: 
None
