Work Text:
The nursing home looked the same as always when Steve pulled up in his motorcycle; a quaint little island of peace and tranquility. Bright emerald evergreen trees stood proud in stark contrast to the barren brown maple trees. Remnants of once-white snow littered the ground in small icy mounds along the sides of the parking lot.Men and women Steve’s age (he was counting those years in the ice) meandered about inside the warm building, taking the time to enjoy another New York winter as their internal clocks counted down. Steve could see a few warming their feet by the fire as the lights from the Christmas tree twinkled in the early afternoon sunlight.Steve tried not to think about how he should be in here with them, but it was difficult. It was no one’s fault that he had been frozen for seventy years, but the guilt still chewed at his subconscious. The architecture of the retirement home was reminiscent of the 1940’s and it made Steve pine for a simpler time. Days when he knew who were the good guys, who were the bad guys. Days when he knew what to do, what to say, how to act in modern society, and when his best friends weren’t dead or in the process of dying.It was depressing to think about, but he made it a point to come down and visit Peggy every Tuesday-- It was more than anything her blood relatives ever did. Besides Bucky, they were the last of their kind, and Steve didn’t want to leave anyone else to die alone.As he took off the heavy leather gloves, Steve noticed a bright red car parked at the far end of the parking lot. He figured it was just some young thing coming around to pay their respects and then beg for money out of their relative’s inheritance. He made a brief note of it, for security reasons, as he walked into the retirement home.Steve let out a deep sigh as he walked up to Peggy’s door. How would she be today? Would she remember him? Would she be there for a few minutes and then gone the next?Steve really need to talk to her today, now more than ever. For the most part, things in his life had been going great; he was making new friends, learning new things about the world and technology, and he had even gotten Bucky back with the help of his team. It had taken months of hard work, but with Tony’s special tracking program he had specifically created to aid Steve, they had been able to find the Winter Soldier and bring home the long-lost Bucky Barnes.But as happy as Steve was to share his success with rescuing Bucky, he needed to talk to Peggy about Tony. Peggy was Tony’s godmother. She of all people would know what to do about Steve’s ‘ special’  situation.Bucky had offered to help, but Steve didn’t think he was up to the job. He had been brainwashed and asleep for the better part of seventy years. Besides, Steve’s situation felt like it required a little more tact than Bucky’s standard answer of,  ‘Punch or shoot it in the face until it’s better.’ Letting out a heavy breath, Steve rapped on the door to Peggy’s room and waited for a worn, “Come in,” from the other side. To his surprise, the door opened on its own and Steve was hit with the sudden smell of beta.“Steve?” Tony said, a bewildered look on his face. His dark grey suit was a tad rumpled, as if he had just come back from a business trip. But he didn’t smell like stale, recycled air. He smelled like beta.Steve nodded, equally surprised to see the man.“What are you doing here?” Tony asked, leaning against the door frame as he sized Steve up.“It’s Tuesday,” said Steve, as if that answered the question.Tony rolled his eyes. “I know it’s Tuesday. That doesn’t explain why you’re here.”“I always visit Peggy on Tuesdays.”“Steve.” Peggy’s delighted voice came from further inside the room. “We were just talking about you. Come in. Come in.”With a reserved flourish, Tony held the door open as Steve walked into the room.“Hey Peg,” Steve said with a strained smile. “Brought you some flowers.”“Why would you bring those things,” Peggy tutted. “Flowers should be for the dead or the sick and I’m neither. I’m as healthy as a horse if only Tony would let me out of bed.”Steve let out a tired breath. It was going to be one of those days.“Oh, Auntie Peg, if you were fifty years younger, I’d make sure you’d never be able to leave bed,” Tony said with a flirtatious wink that Steve was all too familiar with.“Tony!” Steve’s ears burned red, scandalized that Tony would dare say something like that in front of Peggy.Peggy clicked her tongue in fond annoyance. “Don’t bother Steve. That’s what Howard would said when he was your age.”Tony stifled a laugh.“Tony dear,” said Peggy, reaching for a remote on her side table, “Could you go fetch me a vase and some water?”Tony glanced at Steve, but Steve couldn’t meet his gaze. “Sure, Aunt Peg. Be right back,” Tony said with a reserved smile.As the door closed behind him, Peggy looked at Steve and smiled. She motioned for him to bring the flowers closer. “They’re beautiful Steve. You really didn’t have to,” s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Car Sex
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Verse
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Fluff and Smut
Supportive Avengers
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Christmas Party
Consent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

