Work Text:
“No way,” someone whispered behind Tony in the queue to pick up coffee.Tony internally groaned. He knew he should have worn a hat or something else besides his sun glasses. He was in tech nerd town, which meant almost everyone knew his face. It could be fun at times, especially if the person who recognized him was a huge but shy fan. It was cute to watch them babble nervously as they asked him to sign something or just try to speak to him for a minute or two.What wasn’t so fun were the people who recognized him and had decided to hate him just because of some perceived nepotism and/or the reputation he had as a bit of a wild child.The worst by far though were the people who-“Excuse me.” The guy who had recognized Tony touched Tony on the shoulder, which made Tony dislike the guy even more (Tony was a handsy person himself, but even he knew better then to go up to a stranger and touch them without permission or some form of social cue). “I know this is sudden, but I think you’re my soul mate.”God damn it. The guy was one of those people.Since Tony was a kid, people had claimed to be his soul mate in the hopes of getting something from him.  Everyone had a soul mate that they could find as long as they could see the red string of fate that tied them together. For most people it was between ages twelve and eighteen that they finally caught a glimpse of their string. It wasn’t unheard of for people to not see their string until they were older though.Perhaps Tony was too cynical, but he was seventeen approaching eighteen, and his gut told him he wouldn’t see his string until he was thirty.  “Doubt it,” Tony said to the guy pestering him.A look of hurt crossed the guy’s features. “Excuse me?” He held up his hand as if Tony should be able to see the string that would tie them together. “Can’t you see it?”“Can’t you see I just wanted to get a cup of coffee and not deal with another ridiculous claim that someone is my soul mate?” Honestly, the guy could be for all Tony knew, but due to the number of people who claimed to be his soul mate on a daily basis, Tony had to assume otherwise. When Tony finally saw his string he would follow it and apologize to his soul mate then for dismissing them if they happened to be one of the thousands of people who had claimed that title before.“You would say that to your soul mate?” The guy asked, hamming it up by putting his hand over his heart.Tony rolled his eyes. This guy definitely wasn’t his soul mate.“Hey doll,” a new voice said from Tony’s side.Tony glanced at the person approaching.Someone was working the rugged, bad boy look. The new guy rocked a leather jacket and blue jeans. A shadow of scruff added that extra nice touch to his chin and cheeks. Shoulder length hair was pulled back in a ponytail with one strand falling out from the band, giving the new guy a hint of hipster chic to go with the biker look.His blue eyes were lit up with joy as he approached Tony, getting as close as possible without touching Tony. “Something wrong here?” The new guy gave the first guy a once over then turned his full attention on Tony. “You’re looking a little stressed, anything I can do?”Tony took the hint.Tony wrapped his hand around the new guy’s elbow. He kept his touch light and breakable in case he’d misread the cue. Tony felt metal underneath the leather jacket, and Tony filed that information away for later. For now, he’d focus on getting rid of his supposed soul mate.“Just some guy claiming to be my soul mate, babe.”The new guy’s eyebrows rose to his hairline in surprise. He chuckled and gave the first guy a smirk. “Strange. Last time I checked we were soul mates.” The new guy gestured to himself and Tony.The first guy sputtered and took a step back. “You are?”“Yeah, dipshit,” Tony answered.“Order for Han Solo,” the barista hollered and slid Tony’s coffee across the pick up counter.“That would be mine,” Tony said and grabbed the drink. He took a sip and mentally sighed in bliss at the strong and bitter taste. Tony nodded in the direction the new guy had come from. “Let’s sit down, babe. Unless you wanted to order something else. My treat.”The new guy shook his head. He wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulder and guided Tony to a table. “Nah, doll. I’m good. Just wanted make sure you were safe.”“Such a prince,” Tony teased.The new guy pulled out a chair at the table for Tony. “I try to be.”Tony winked at the new guy as he took the offered seat. “You’re doing a good job.”“Thanks.” The new guy sat across from Tony. He glanced back at the first guy who had been harassing Tony. When he saw that the other guy had gone back to his group of friends (who were rightfully razzing him for his failure), he turned his attention to Tony and said, “Name’s Bucky by the way, Han.”Tony chortled. “Tony. Also, no joke. If you want me to buy you something, just ask. You just saved me a bunch of time and drama. You really are my hero right now.”“Thanks, but I’m good.” Bucky riffled through a pil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Red String of Fate
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard
Bodyguard Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Age Difference

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

