Work Text:
At first, Tony didn't even realise he'd been turned into a woman. His initial response to being hit with a quantum transformer was to shut his eyes against the spin of the sky and snap the command to manually restart his repulsors. He knew he was flying too low to recover, though, and the stunning impact came as no surprise. Light bloomed briefly behind his eyelids, and he wheezed in a breath, and another, and the readouts that flickered to life helpfully informed him that all systems were intact and functioning, no damage done, and he was at an altitude of thirty metres. And moving sideways.He opened his eyes to darkness, and when he moved, he found his torso wrapped in a constricting prison - he kicked, and light broke in as - giant tentacles? unwrapped from him. A confused moment as he tried to make sense of the sight above him, and then it all came into focus and he realised the vast white crescent was a smile. A huge smile, in a huge face."Hi," said the giant girl whose palm he was lying in. "Are you okay?""Yeah, yeah, I - " he pushed up on his elbows and looked at her, the ruddy hair and the purple mask with the antennae, and tried desperately to think of a giant female superhero. None sprang to mind. "Where'd you come from?" he said, and put a hand to his helmet as his lunch tried to make a comeback. Throwing up in his helmet was the worst."I saw the robots on the news," she said, and Tony nodded, carefully so as not to jar his aching head. Robots, right, they were fighting Doom and Doom's big robot had had fired some kind of - "Captain America knocked over the scout walker thing that shot you. What now?" And if he was up here, Steve was fighting Doom all on his own.Explanations could wait; Tony scrambled into a crouch and peered over the wall of her thumb. Steve had tangled the big robot's legs with a cable - it did look quite like a scout walker, perhaps Doom had been watching Return of the Jedi - and it was rolling about in the road, kicking feebly. Doom had been knocked into the gutter, whcih wasn't going to please him at all. The smaller robots, waist-high quadrepedal things with bulbous heads that chanted Doom in high pitched voices, were converging on Steve, their energy blasts splashing harmlessly off his shield. More and more were skittering into range to train their weapons on him, though, and Doom was picking himself up, anger in every line of his body. Tony checked his readouts; everything seemed to be functioning normally, although some of the armour's responses were sluggish."Okay. I'll go after Doom - see if you can take out any of the little robots.""Will do!" She tossed him into the air as if releasing a butterfly, and Tony plunged earthwards. He buzzed Doom so close his cloak whipped in the wind, and then pulled a showy turn that his unsteady gut regretted."So was that supposed to hurt?" he said, and Doom stared up at him."I believe it will be sufficient," and there was satisfaction in his grating voice. Tony brought his hands up and blasted his repulsors; Doom staggered under the impact, but didn't fall.  A gesture Tony suspected to be arcane in nature, and Tony flipped out of the way of the sizzling energy beam, grunting as the armour dug in hard under his arms. Something wasn't right, despite what the damage reports said."Last chance to surrender," he said, and plunged in on a collision course. A noise like a car crash as they impacted, and Doom's body collapsed and expanded in his clutch in a most disturbing way. For a moment, Tony thought he'd crushed him, and visions of diplomatic disaster danced in his head; and then Doom's arm wrapped around him, far further than it should have been able to. It wound all the way around Tony's helmet, fingers digging into the eye slits, yanking his head back painfully. Metal groaned, and a readout popped up in Tony's peripheral vision, no doubt to tell him more about the groaning metal.Tony put his hands flat on the neck joint of Doom's armour, and blasted the repulsors at full force. A wrenching, cracking sound, and sparks showered over him as the arm went limp and fell away."Doombot," he said disgustedly, and stood up just in time to see Steve smash his shield through the big robot's metal carapace; it kicked once more, and then fizzled out."You okay?" Steve asked, and he nodded."Yeah, I as soon as I realised it was a 'bot, I could overload it.""I meant that ray that hit you." Steve took a step closer and looked him up and down, eyes warm with that comradely concern that was always such a delightfully novel experience. Steve never called him a reckless idiot, which was just one of the reasons Tony liked him."Seems to have damaged my armour." Tony stretched, wriggled; all the joints seemed just a hair off, and the armour was constricting in places it didn't usually. "Some kind of... not sure. But it's functioning, I'll..." it occurred to him that he hadn't heard anything chant 'Doom' for a while. He turned, and stared.The giant was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
holy shit what's happened to Tony?
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

