Work Text:
The seating area around the good coffee cart in the oncology wing is practically empty when Tony slumps into a seat, forehead meeting the glass tabletop. This part of the hospital is new and well-funded so it has the snazzy little coffee cart and modern, sleek metal and glass seating.It doesn’t make sense to him at all; people who are in this wing generally have the worst deal. Their bodies betraying them and the medicine only making them feel worse. This wing should be warm and inviting, with squishy couches and areas for families, not cold and fancy. Just shows who does the designing around here.That being the case, hospital staff were usually the only patrons. Sure, it cost actual money to get coffee here, but it was so worth it.Tony doesn’t bother looking up when a cup of coffee is set down next to his face. He can practically feel how hot it is and the smell, mmm, well it’s incredible. “Thank you,” he says, leaning his head to the side far enough to see Jan sit next to him with her signature yellow scrubs. He doesn’t know how she keeps those clean; he prefers to wear dark colored scrubs just in case.“You’re welcome, but I didn’t get you coffee just because I love you. Spill it, Tony, you’ve been weird all week and I haven’t heard crap about your date yet.”He grimaces, sitting up to cradle the hot cup between his hands. “We might as well wait for Nat, she’s going to want to hear it too.”“Good thing I already got her a coffee too!”“Alright, guess Thursday’s beer is on me then.”“I’ll drink to that!” Jan holds up her to-go cup and Tony taps it with his own and they both take a sip.“Does that mean these are Irish coffees?” Natasha says as she walks up, pulling up the seat on Tony’s other side.“Ha! If only,” Tony replies. “I swear if Hammer tries to tell me the best way to suture one more time, I’m going to stitch his lips together.”There was a new person doing the scheduling and they’d completely messed up this week. Tony had been stuck working primarily with his arch-nemesis, the moronic Justin Hammer. To make things worse, Natasha and Jan had been assigned to different departments. The only saving grace was their aligning lunch breaks.The girls both laugh. “Tony, I’d trade you but I know how you feel about the surgical doctors,” Nat says, smirking over the rim of her cup. “And everyone would rather you kill Hammer than a surgeon.”“Please don’t kill anyone, Tony. I’m sure everyone and their grandma is going to complain about the schedule. She’ll figure it out! But we only have a half hour so let’s skip to the important stuff!” Jan scoots the very edge of her chair and stares at Tony, eyebrows raised.“Okay! Okay! What do you want to know?” He shrinks down, holding his coffee in front of his chest like a shield. This is going to be brutal, since he’s still kind of working his way through his emotions. His date with Steve and Bucky had been nothing short of a disaster. He’s never had a date go so poorly from start to finish.It made for a shitty weekend, that’s for sure. He’d actually come in early for his Sunday shift to set himself up with a banana bag so he wouldn’t have to work hungover. That was definitely frowned upon but he had enough seniority with the nurses that he could get away with it, as long as it wasn’t frequent.Factor in Bucky’s apology Monday night and the subsequent phone call with Steve, he was a mess. Maybe Jan and Nat could help him work through it.“Everything, Tony!” Jan slaps him gently on the bicep with her hand. “We know you’ve been in a funk since, so let us help.”Gratitude for these two incredible women who were his makeshift family rushed through him. “Ok, well the date itself was half super shitty and half good.”“Wait, how does that work?” Jan’s eyes were huge, while Natasha’s were narrowed. She was not going to be a happy camper when he got through this.“Steve was a complete sweetheart the whole night, he’d made me this, I don’t know, Twinkie bouquet which is super clever and awesome. Not to mention observant, since he saw us eating them on Wednesday morning.” Tony gestures vaguely to Natasha.“He took me to his favorite Italian place, hugged me, and we went clubbing but Bucky was a massive dickbag the whole time. I mean, he apologized, but he’s obviously not on the same page as Steve about inviting a third person into their relationship.”“Well that’s a problem right there, Tony,” Natasha interjects. “As soon as they officially asked you out it’s no longer ‘their relationship’ it’s yours. All of yours.”“He didn’t exactly put it in those kinds of words, he was just super possessive of Steve, acting like I was some stranger out to steal his boyfriend.” Tony whined. This was not making him feel any better. Saying it out loud made it a billion times worse, actually.Maybe he’d made a mistake accepting that apology.“That’s bullshit!” Jan exclaims, bouncing in her seat.“You told him where to shove it when he apologized, right?” Natasha ask, voice dark.“Uhhh…”“Tony. You didn’t.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Minor Loki/Tony Stark
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Mild Gore
nurse!tony
crush injuries
Anaphylaxis

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

