Chapter 1: The Confrontation
    


Notes:
I will be updating remastered versions, courtesy my very own beta & the very talented thegirl (https://archiveofourown.org/users/thegirl/pseuds/thegirl) Check her out if you are into Harry Potter or GOT fics. This girl is prolific!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
So it would be written in the history books, Loki Laufeyson died as an Aesir. It was widely known that he hated Asgard and all things Asgardian, so to die in Aesir form was the ultimate irony, especially after ruining and being ruined by Asgard's purest treasure..Loki was known for his cunning and his cold, seething anger. Thor was known for his naivete and his explosive, burning anger. They were perfect foils for each other.Loki and Thor were both born when Jotunheim had lost the Great War to Asgard. The first war, that is. One prince was born to defeat, and the other to victory.Thor grew up beloved by Aesir and admired with a touch of envy everywhere he went. The God of Thunder was coveted by the Grandmaster, the Collector, and the Ravagers. Elemental gods like him only came into existence one every eon; Thor was possessed abilities to control thunder and lightning both. Unlike Odin who had gained his abilities through persistent hunger for power and wisdom, Thor's abilities were natural and pure of all intent.He was a summer storm. Warm, electric and explosive.Since Frost Giants matured faster than their Aesir counterparts, Loki was already a revered and experienced general by the time Thor came of age. Loki's small stature belied a great hunger for both power and revenge for Jotunheim’s humiliating defeat a millennia before.It was under Loki's leadership that the Jotun army amassed, matured and readied itself for a second war. His cunning diplomacy ensured that Jotunheim had an alliance with powers such as the Grandmaster and the Collector, Muselphiem and other monstrosities.He loathed them all just as much as he hated the Aesir, but he hungered for revenge so he made bedfellows of them and secured their support, he wove his trap whilst Thor was gallivanting off to harmless realms such as Midgard in his youth.Eventually, there came a day when Jotun armies invaded through the very fabric of Asgard’s reality.Loki had torn a hundred thousand rips around over the mountains that surrounded Asgard’s capital city, cutting off the city and enabling the Jotun army to walk through. At first the Jotun soldiers were wary of traveling through space by such radical means, and at first, refused to participate in the Runt Prince’s plan, but his brothers Helblindi and Bylestir supported him, and the army had no choice but to follow.Quicker than they thought possible, their disdain and wariness for the younger prince had given way to respect and fear. He was the one who had magic at his fingertips. He was the one who had torn his way through space itself.With the element of surprise on their side, the Jotun army quickly overpowered the unprepared Aesir forces. Frost giants were everywhere, and they quickly turned Asgard to ice wherever they touched, changing the environment to suit their needs.The Aesir defeat was compounded by the fact that it’s greatest warrior was on Midgard at the time of the surprise attack. Thor was called back, of course, but by the time he returned to the Realm Eternal, the Bifrost was in the hands of Jotuns."Yes, Heimdall - let the elder prince come and fight for his realm."The Watchman lay trapped under the spell of the casket, unable to move, unable to warn the crown prince and unable to halt the movement of the Bifrost. Helplessly, he watched as Thor materialized in front of the waiting Jotun army in a blast of light.All mirth was drained from his face as soon as he assessed the scene in front of him, killer instinct and centuries of hatred against the Jotnar filling him with righteous fury. He attacked before he spoke. He felled not one, not two, but three Jotun warriors in quick succession before Loki realized that even hopelessly outnumbered, Thor could do real harm to his men."Filthy Jotuns, how dare you attack the Realm Eternal!" Thor bellowed, letting out another animalistic roar as he raised Mjolnir to strike again and fell three more enemies.All at once, Loki's army seemed woefully unprepared and dim compared to the golden, summer storm glory that was Thor. Loki was impressed, and a little envious.It only took the Jotun prince a moment to take it all in - the sun-kissed, ruddy gold skin, the tumbling mane which fell majestically down his back as he rained down on the hapless soldiers, the rippling muscles as he tore through the Jotun lines.Loki was mesmerized, if only for a few seconds. He wanted to stop this slaughter, but he also wanted to keep looking at the beauty of this beast in action. So he allowed a few more of his soldiers to die before he acted, determined to remember every movement.Thor held out his hand to call his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Laufey/Thor
Laufey/Thor (Marvel)
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Thor
the collector/thor

freeform: 
Slavery
Loki is a bag of cats
Dark Loki
Master/Slave
Top Loki
Poor Thor
Collars
Sexual Slavery
Overstimulation
Bottom Thor
Slave Thor
Cock Rings
Boys in Chains
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Jötunn Loki
Loki Does What He Wants
Public Nudity
Public Humiliation
Bathing/Washing
Leashes
gang banging
party favor thor
Jealous Loki
dark laufey
thor whump
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Anxiety
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nipple Clamps
Foot Jobs

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Laufey/Thor
Laufey/Thor (Marvel)
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Thor
the collector/thor

