Work Text:
Steve had to admit, television was wonderful.Tony Stark's television was huge, and the sound was amazing, pure and crisp. He was't quite sure how everything worked, but Mr Stark - Tony - had switched everything on for him, Pepper had made him popcorn, or at least arranged for popcorn to be made for him, and then they had both vanished to whatever evening function they had. Tony had wanted to cancel, claiming recently defrosted national icons were a higher priority than socializing with the super-rich, but Pepper had made alarming clicking noises and herded him out.Steve liked Pepper. A lot of things may have changed, but apparently ferocious secretaries who ran their bosses' lives with an iron fist hadn't. Except they were called personal assistants now. He was pretty sure Pepper had her own secretary.This was the first chance he'd had to just sit and soak up the television. Last night, when Tony had played him some action movies, he'd been totally unable to concentrate due to Tony's presence. Tony had sat close to him, shared popcorn, and stared at him whenever he thought Steve was fully occupied by the movie. It made Steve feel hot and embarrassed, and whenever he caught Tony's eyes, fixed on him with an expression he couldn't quite place, he blushed. It wasn't that he'd never been stared at; he'd been the centre of attention on entire battlefields. But Tony looked at him as if he were a new and fascinating toy that he hadn't quite worked out how best to play with, and Steve wasn't sure he enjoyed that.And he was managing to be distracted by Tony while Tony wasn't even there, which was ridiculous. He settled more firmly into the couch, and focused on the screen. Some very attractive Oriental women were kicking each other for reasons he hadn't quite placed, and he felt they deserved his full attention.He didn't quite catch up with the plot of that movie, but the next was much simpler, and far scarier, featuring an Egyptian mummy and evil beetles. The one after that, though, was a disappointment; some kind of drama, and the plot seemed to start in the middle. After several minutes of bewildering dialogue, he concluded no one was likely to fly in wielding a sword, and picked up the remote. It was absurdly complicated, with several groups of buttons in a variety of colours; they had numbers, and unrecognisable symbols printed above and below them. He was pondering the likely methods of finding something more interesting when he heard steps in the hallway, and glanced over to see Tony pushing the door open. Steve opened his mouth to make a joke about the complexity of the remote, glanced back at the screen, blushed deeply and began hitting buttons at random. Somehow, he was watching pornography. Of the male on male variety. The remote didn't respond to his assault; Steve privately cursed all modern technology and considered throwing the coffee table through the television, but Tony was already by the couch, eyeing the screen with interest. Something Steve could only describe as unhygienic was going on now, and he really couldn't look."Wow, you're adapting pretty fast; most of the people over forty I know think this show's scandalous, never mind anyone born before the war." Steve looked at him suspiciously; he didn't look shocked, which was a relief, but he did look like he was finding it funny, which wasn't exactly the impression he had hoped to make on Tony. At least it hadn't been - dear God no - Pepper."I - I can't work out the remote," Steve held it out helplessly. "Are they showing blue movies on the television now?" Tony's mouth quirked, and Steve scowled at him, daring him to laugh."This isn't porn, Steve, this is - well, it's just a show with sex in it." Tony took the remote and flopped down next to him on the sofa, muting the sound, which was some relief."Oh, come on." Steve gestured towards the screen, which was still - "That's definitely porn.""Do you really have that wide an experience of porn? I thought it was all Clara Bow in swimsuits and so on, back in the day.""I was in the army with Nick Fury," said Steve darkly. "Believe me when I say that I've seen things that no man should have to face.""Really? I don't even want to think about Nick Fury and porn." Tony nudged him companionably. "I don't suppose you'd like to give me any blackmail material? Actually, I doubt the man has any shame, so never mind. If you were wading through dirty pictures all the time then, what's the problem?""I wasn't wading through them. Back then, if you wanted to find a dirty film, you had to really work at it. Or be a victim of Nick Fury. You weren't just ambushed by the stuff when you were expecting more beetles and swordfights." He made a disapproving noise when Tony snickered."Ambushed by Porn: one man's terrible ordeal." Steve made a face at him."It just went from normal stuff straight to," unable to find words, he tried a different tack. "And - being a queer is - okay now? I mean, it was in the briefing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

