Work Text:
Weasel was having a… weird day. He sighed, looked at the unwashed glasses, then back to his vexation. Grabbing a glass, he decided he was going to work through his frustration. He slipped a suspicious look at the group in the corner. 
"You know, I heard that pictures last longer," Wade said amusedly from a shadowed corner. "Also, you'd know that they aren't vampires that way."
Weasel pouted grouchily. He wasn't prejudiced. It's just that... They were so normal. Weasel was willing to bet they worked 9 to 5 jobs, in cushy offices. It was disgusting.
Wade huffed, and slipped his mask on, before making his way to them. Weasel almost called out a warning, but Wade had the habit of going where Weasel couldn't follow. Maybe Weasel would win that bet, after all maybe Wade would die of boredom.
Weasel pouted harder.
"Hello, hello," Wade said. The mask was creepy, but his voice came out funny so that was okay. "Don't take this the wrong way, but did the story about Red Ridding Hood teach you nothing?"
One of the Others laughed. "That the wolf had bad representation?"
Wade head tilted. "I like how you think. Wade Wilson. May I join you?"
The man who had laughed, checked with the others, and said, "Sure. I'm Cameron Fast." He stole another chair. Stole it! "Take a seat. That's Peter Schultz. Maja Gustav. Rin Saito. Riley Lazarus. Jan Kowalski. And Ana Luiza Teixeira. We're lawyers."
Huh, lawyers.
"In a mercenary bar. While I'm still thinking about who the wolves are, I'll tell you that you've got your wires seriously crossed," Wade said gleefully.
"You forgot meta-humans," Schultz said, fast as a darting snake, and just as damaging. "I saw you on the news."
Wade made an exaggerated hurt sound. "And you still invited me to sit with you?" He leaned closer, and whispered. "Tell me the truth, am I not scary anymore?"
"We're not supposed to fear our clients," Saito said. "That being said, what you did to those people was horrifying."
Wade sat back, happy now that his status was once again confirmed. Sap. He asked for another tequila, so Weasel was going to bring him that, and a beer too because it saved time.
"I'm not your client," Wade mentioned, as he nodded to Weasel.
"You could be," Lazarus said.
"Anyone want anything else?" Weasel asked, feeling better with Wade there.
Weasel thought Wade figured that out and was smirking like an asshole, but luckily for Weasel he couldn't tell watching the mask.
"Another... three beers, please," Kowalski said, with a pleasant smile.
"And a whiskey," Gustav added.
Weasel nodded.
"I don't think I can afford you," Wade said.
"A mercenary so hell bent on destruction?" Gustav asked doubtfully. "The economy is really in the toilet."
"There are ways around that," Kowalski offered quietly.
Lazarus head tilted, and he asked, "But first, what's your opinion on Tony Stark?"
"Do I have to have just one?" Wade asked bewildered.
Weasel brought them their drinks. Maybe they weren't so bad. If nothing else, Gustav sure knew how to handle her alcohol, or had some kind of problem. Weasel would say... both. Both worked too.
"Mr. Stark thought that lawyers would be the appropriate to the UN and, generally, Governments suddenly waking up, seeing enhanced people, and misplacing the Rights because they're afraid and/or greedy," Fast explained. "And, on the other side, the meta-humans react violently to that threat. They ignore laws and everybody else's Rights. We're meant to mediate."
"Kudos for Mr. Stark, but you're getting shafted in this deal," Wade said.
"Mr. Stark pays us three times more for what's essentially our usual work," Teixeira admitted.
Wade thought about that. "Kudos for you, but Mr. Stark's getting shafted."
"Since he's getting shafted anyway, or we are, why don't you take advantage?" Lazarus asked with a smirk.
"Would I really?" Wade asked with his head tilted, but he got tense.
Weasel could understand that. After all, the last time somebody approached Wade with an offer, in this bar, it didn't go well. That might have been why Weasel was so suspicious of those kinds of people, or maybe it was—Yeah, better to stop there.
Shultz rolled his eyes, and pushed a business card within Wade's easy reach. "We're betting you've had worse bosses."
"A chance to prank call Tony Stark?!" Wade asked gleefully.
"A chance to prank call his AI," Kowalski answered with a smile. He was disgustingly amiable. "But, be careful, she's got fire. She might just prank call you back."
"And then convince all the electronics around you to join in," Saito added.
Teixeira flapped a hand. "It's only fair."
"Hear, hear," Gustav raised her glass.
"And you just—from all the continents in the world, from all the countries on this continent, from all the cities in this country, and from all the bars in this city—happen to find one with a murderous meta-human inside?" Wade asked dryly.
"No," Lazarus replied. "We wanted to find you, were looking for cheap alcohol along with a judgement-free zone, and, if at a all possi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wade Wilson & Weasel
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly
POV Outsider
POV Weasel
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Wade Wilson & Weasel
Tony Stark/T'Challa

