Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He knew what it was to win.  Even as he watched the Kaiju stagger, watched it rend the air with teeth and claw, he knew that this was a victory, one last notch on his belt, on their belt, one more hashmark for the human resistance.  
He was laughing, laughing out loud with pure joy, even as the tail ripped free from the ocean, swinging up to slam into the conn-pod.
The hit came from behind, from in front, all at once, cracking his narrow world like an egg in a vise, shattering metal and alloys and plastics and the thin illusion of safety that they had carried.  For an instant, he thought that they'd make it, even as the icy air roared in, pummeling his helmet, rocking him in the cradle of his pilot's seat.
But the air tasted like sea salt, sharp and bitter as tears on his lips, and he realized that his helmet's faceplate was shattered, realized that he was ripping free, that his body was tumbling across the floor.  His whole world turned on its head, tipping and tumbling in counterpoint to the way he fell, until he couldn't tell which way was up, and he wasn't sure he cared.
His hands scrambled, gloved hands desperately fighting to get a grip on something, anything, but there was salt water on everything, salt water and Kaiju blue, acid and ice coating every surface, death and destruction.  He couldn't get a grip, his fingers sliding across metal and plastic and the world twisted beneath his body, beneath his weight and he was sliding, feet and hands and everything failing him.
Another blow, and he couldn't see, he couldn't breathe, shattered bits of his life clattering down as he fell, as he tumbled, his fingers still scraping uselessly against the metal of the floor, and he was falling.  He was falling, and he couldn't tell if he was screaming, or it if was the wind, or if it was the monster, the alien horror, or if it was his partner, silent in his head.
But the world was dark and cold and wet and he hit the edge of the world, the edge of everything, and the night was an empty void beyond it. He lashed out, one last attempt, one last try to save his life, and his partner's, and he could hear the screaming now, inside his head.  His arm caught, clung, to an exposed spar of metal, and it cut deep, slicing through his drivesuit, through his skin, and he didn't care, he was glad, the pain was something he could understand.
For an instant, he thought it was going to be okay, he could feel the heartbeat in his ears, loud enough to drown out the sea and the storm and the wild wind.  He could feel the rain through the shattered faceplate of his helmet, could feel the wires pulling tight, wrenching his head around, but he held on, he clung with all the effort he had left.
One hand was extended to him, and he reached for it, he struggled forward, his fingers grasping in the air.
Then the metal monster beneath him shifted, twisting, in its death throes, and the metal in his hand pulled free.  It splintered in his grip, and he was in free fall, into the darkness, into the night, into the storm swept sea.
He screamed Steve's name as the wires in his suit ripped free, breaking the connection, and he fell alone.
Steve Rogers came awake howling his own name.
It took him a long time to remember how to breathe, it took him a long time to separate himself from Bucky, to allow his scattered, damaged brain to force the two memory streams apart, to remember that he hadn't fallen during that battle.  He'd been left behind, helplessly pinned to his seat, unable to do anything more than scream as Bucky slipped from the crippled conn-pod of their Jaeger.
He scrubbed his hands over his face, trying to ignore how his fingers were shaking.  Tried to regulate his breathing, his heartbeat, but there was no chance, the memories were too raw, too fresh, and his brain remembered what it was to suffocate, to drown.  
The worst part about the nightmares was that for a brief, horrible moment, he wasn't alone any more.  He hated it and he was grateful for it, all at once, and he woke up with grief so raw in his chest that he didn't even have the energy to cry.  He just struggled to breathe, and waited to forget; waited until the memories faded from raw agony to a throbbing ache.  Waited until he could remember that he was singular, that he was alone.  And that he was always going to be alone, because he could not bear the drift.
Steve wondered if Tony was awake.
He rolled to his feet, and his legs didn't want to hold him.  He grabbed for the wall, using it to push himself along, shoving his weight forward.  He made it to the small bathroom and ducked his head into the sink.  With a vicious twist of his wrist, he turned on the cold water, full force, and let it sluice over his head and neck.
The cold was a shock to the system, clearing the cobwebs from his brain, forcing him back into the present.  He kept his mouth tightly closed, not wanting the sensation of icy water in his mouth, in his nose, shaking the scatter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Author has mental problems
Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

