Chapter 1: Contents
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1: ContentsChapter 2: 'Any Other Day' - Charles almost stops Erik's wedding. Almost. (Charles' POV)Chapter 3: 'Any Other Day' - Erik's perfect day isn't quite so perfect without Charles. (Erik's POV)Chapter 4: 'Erik, Charles and Wesley' - Tumblr prompt; Jealous play-fighting in bed over whoever you get to pick. Double bonus points for double penetration.Chapter 5: 'Teach Me Everything' - Sneak peek at the upcoming prequel/sequel to 'The Hellfire Club' with underage Charles/Kurt Marko. Chapter 6: 'Honeymoon in New York' - Inspired by tumblr and Sir Ian' and Sir Patrick's adventures in NYC.Chapter 7: 'Driving Lessons' - Tumblr prompt; Driving lessons from Erik but Charles is really shit at it and Erik cheats with his powers to help Charles.Chapter 8: 'Alpha Logan and Omega Charles' - Fic preview; Omega Charles finds another alpha for his unborn child.Chapter 9: 'Sleepless in Seattle' - SiS AU; Erik might really be waiting at the top of the Empire State Building.Chapter 10: 'From Here, To Here' - Inspired by tumblr; Charles shows his love with a gift that reminds Erik of a cherished childhood memory.Chapter 11: 'Captain Lehnsherr and Herr Xavier' - Sound of Music AU; Erik calls off his engagement to the Baroness Frost and goes to tell Charles the news.Chapter 12: 'The Engagement' - Fic preview; Omega Charles, heir to the throne of Westchester must choose a mate from all the royal suitors of the six kingdoms.Chapter 13: 'Missing' - It's been a year since Charles disappeared without a trace. Erik is determined to find him.Chapter 14: 'Prince Erik's Birthday' - Charles reconnects with his childhood friend Prince Erik, at His Highness' 21st birthday party.Chapter 15: 'The Billionaire and the Bodyguard' - Logan is the new bodyguard assigned to billionaire playboy and CEO, Charles Xavier. Erik is not pleased. And Moira just wants the mission to be over.Chapter 16: 'The Professor and the Porn Star' - Erik and Azazel see a familiar face in the grocery store who may or may not be Erik's favorite porn actor 'Frankie X'.Chapter 17: 'Cerebro' - Charles gets a headache from Cerebro and Erik takes care of him.Chapter 18:  'What're The Odds?" - Erik and his partner Logan realize they're dating the same guy. Oh and there's a bet.Chapter 19: 'Double Date' - Emma suggests a couple-swap with her friend Charles and his date, Moira. Erik is reluctant...and then pleasantly surprised by the evening's outcome.Chapter 20: 'Dreams of You' - Logan dreams about Charles Xavier. Post DOFP.Chapter 21: 'Raven's Show' - Outtake from 'Lost and then Found'. The first time Charles meets Steve Rogers.Chapter 22: 'Come And Get Me' - A little snippet of Charles/Logan sex, inspired by this amazing art by dwaroxxx.Chapter 23: 'Taking the Leap' - Another outtake from 'Lost and then Found'. Steve and Charles go on their fourth date and Charles tries something new.Chapter 24: 'Hallowe'en Treat' - Logan's a werewolf and Erik's a vampire and the two are working the bar on Hallowe'en. They meet Charles, who may or may not be dressed as a virgin sacrifice.Chapter 25: 'Learn to Share' -  Post-DOFP, Erik finally comes back to Charles only to find that he's with Logan now. They both have to learn to share.Chapter 26: 'Forbidden Love' - Charles must help his lover flee before sunrise. With Vampire!Charles and Werewolf!Logan.Chapter 27: 'In Good Company' - Sequel snippet to 'The Hellfire Club' - Charles has been kidnapped by Erik's enemies. His bodyguard Alex is unfortunately along for the ride.Chapter 28: 'Countless Lifetimes' - Sequel to 'Forbidden Love' - Logan searches for a love lost through the years.Chapter 29: 'The Morning After' - Erik and Logan leave Charles' apartment after a threesome. There's awkwardness and an invitation to breakfast.Chapter 30: 'PROF X IS TOTALLY A BABE' - a.k.a. How My Dad Used to Date My Crush by Lorna DaneChapter 31: 'Not his Charles' - Charles Xavier almost died protecting Erik...and now Erik doesn't recognize the man he's become.Chapter 32: 'Change For Me' - Werewolf/human sex - Charles interrupts sex with Logan to ask an important question.Chapter 33: 'Not Again' - Charles makes the ultimate sacrifice. An XMA au.Chapter 34: 'Cuba, an alternate end' - Erik hits Raven with the bullet, not Charles.Chapter 35: 'Not Enough' - Erik's declaration of love only makes it worse. Divorce au.Chapter 36: 'It's Over'  - Charles cheated on Logan with Erik. Logan leaves.Chapter 37: 'I Know'  - Logan is in love with a married Charles.Chapter 38: 'Emergency Sex' - Charles and Erik are stuck in the middle of nowhere (in space), in a broken shuttle. Erik goes into heat. It's really not a good time.Chapter 39: 'DOFP Missing Scene' - As the serum wears off, Logan carries Charles to bed and ends up staying there with him.Chapter 40: 'Have We Met' - Charles flirts with his old babysitter Logan.Chapter 41: 'Sequel Snippet - An Interesting Proposition' - Erik finds out he's a father, and that there's a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Erik Lehnsherr
Wesley Gibson/Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Kurt Marko/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Moira MacTaggert/Charles Xavier
Steve Rogers/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Romance
Second Chances
Inspired by Tumblr
Ficlet
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Twincest
PWP
Threesome
Seduction
Implied/Referenced Underage
Old Married Couple
Honeymoon
Crack
Fluff
Alpha/Omega
Implied Mpreg
Romantic Comedy
First Meetings
Angst
Character Death
Sleepless in Seattle AU
Sound of Music AU
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Preview
Alternate Universe - Historical
Inspired by Myth
Helen of Troy - Freeform
Missing Persons
Alternate Universe - Cinderella
Undercover as a Couple
Erik is not a Happy Bunny
Jealous Erik
Mistaken Identity
Hurt/Comfort
This Means War AU
Partner Swapping
Post-DOFP
Outtakes
Halloween
Polyamory
Vampires
Werewolves
Forbidden Love
Kidnapping
Sequel
Alternate Universe - Mob
Violence
Blood and Gore
Werewolf Sex
Beach Divorce
Infidelity
Alternate Universe - Space
Missing Scene
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Age Difference
Possessive Raven
Pre-XMFC AU
Male Strippers
magic mike au
Bloodplay
Painplay

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Erik Lehnsherr
Wesley Gibson/Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Kurt Marko/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Moira MacTaggert/Charles Xavier
Steve Rogers/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

