Chapter 1: Prelude
    




Chapter Text
There is a story that is not much more than a whisper. It is something that is barely heard above the gentle puffs of wind that shake the golden barley of Asgard during the warm summer months. It is a rumor, a myth, a legend. It is a tale told only by drunken men and spread by gossips and fools. It is the fable of the hidden treasure of Jotunheim. Men share the secret in hushed voices and lowered tones, saying that Odin may have taken the Casket but he had not taken the heart of Jotunheim. They say that Laufey has a star that shines so bright it lights the center of Jotunheim and spreads throughout the remaining glaciers like wildfire. Nothing compares to Laufey’s treasure; nothing in all the Nine Realms can match it. It is said that this jewel could bring all the Realms to their knees if Laufey so desired. It is believed that Laufey allowed Odin to win the Great War for fear that he would discover his secret weapon. There are those that say that the Frost Giant handed over the Casket with a look of relief, thankful that Odin had not discovered the real heart of the realm. Then there is the palace of Asgard, who refuses to listen to such nonsense.…Thor Odinson was born in the middle of a thunderstorm two years before the Great War ended. He was born in the palace of Asgard, surrounded by his mother’s nurses and nursing aids and of course, his father, who had rode from his conference in Alfheimr as soon as he had heard that his wife was in labor. Thor was the second son of Odin to be borne, little Balder being the first. Balder had been present for the delivery as well, hiding behind his nanny with a rather frightened look on his face as he witnessed his mother scream and shout in pain. The healer that delivered Thor Odinson marveled at the size of the child when he finally graced Asgard with his presence. Frigga did not marvel, having felt every ounce of her baby boy’s 16 pounds. But when she first laid eyes on her second born, all pain was forgotten and  she fell in love. Thor was the most beautiful baby; his blonde hair shimmering from the soft light of the open fire, his eyes bluer than the oceans that lap at the shores of Asgard and his skin more golden than the crown of the Allfather himself. He was perfect.“He was born to be king.” Odin declared as Thor opened his mouth and began to roar in his father's arms.And little Balder decided early on that competing with Thor was not an option.…Loki Laufeyson was born on the eve of the Final Battle. He was born in a cave, as deep inside a glacier as Farbauti and Laufey could manage. They were no fools. They knew what would happen if the Aesir found their new born. It had been an extremely painful and difficult labor for Farbauti and when Laufey laid eyes on his child, he was convinced it were dead. It did not make a sound or move an inch. Farbauti had stared at it in disgust, twisting his face in an unhappy grimace. “It is dead.” He snapped as he cleaned himself up. “Look at the size of it; it could not be past three moons.”Laufey had felt a sorrow he never knew existed. He felt as if a red hot iron fist had wrapped itself around his heart and squeezed until he could not breathe, could not think clearly. He stared at the tiny face of his stillborn child and watched as one of his tears slid from his face and splashed onto the cheek of his infant. His tears ceased, however, as the babe slowly opened his eyes and Laufey was stunned. His babe did not possess the ruby red eyes of a Jotnar; instead he blinked up at his father with eyes that sparkled like emeralds, as green as the grass of Alfheimr. “Oh mine babe.” Laufey breathed, turning to Farbauti with the widest of smiles. “Is he not the most beautiful child?”Farbauti had struggled to his feet, his eyes wide as he watched the tiny giant sit in the palm of his husband’s hand. Farbauti gently stroked the side of his son’s face with his index finger and felt his heart skip a beat as the tiny being smiled up at him. Laufey pressed him against his chest gingerly and shared a look with Farbauti. His husband nodded and placed a chaste kiss to the corner of his mouth.“You are right. He is more beautiful than any creature borne before. Little Loki has been blessed by the Gods.” He whispered.“The Jewel of Jotunheim.” Laufey breathed.…“The Jewel of Jotunheim?” Thor chuckles as he sits with Fandral in his favourite tavern. “My father took the Jewel of Jotunheim at the end of the Great War; the Casket sits inside these very walls!”Fandral smiles patiently at his friend and takes another sip of the sweet mead before him. He adores his closest friend, his future king, but there are times when Fandral wonders if Thor was perhaps neglected as a babe. From as far back as he can recall Thor had been placed in among the Warriors of Asgard, proving his worth and his might more and more with the passing of each century. Not once, however, did he see his friend holed up inside the library, pouri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Fárbauti/Laufey
Frigga/Odin
Balder/Sif
Mentions of Thor and lots of horny maidens

freeform: 
Jotun!Loki
Intersex!Loki
king!Thor
Arranged Marriage
Odin actually cares
Frigga is a sweetie
Laufey and Farbauti have feelings
Later Mpreg
Explicit Sexual Content
oooh you betcha
Humor
Fluff
Angst
Cultural Misunderstandings
Thor needs to read a few books
BAMF!Balder
War
Political Marriage
Love
Major character death - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Fárbauti/Laufey
Frigga/Odin
Balder/Sif
Mentions of Thor and lots of horny maidens

