Chapter 1: ONE
    




Chapter Text
It was a perfectly normal day when Tony was turned into a cat. Steve had made a mountain of pancakes for breakfast, using a whole carton of eggs and a jug of milk to feed the bottomless pits that were his teammates. When Tony shuffled into the kitchen a little after 8:30am, Steve added fresh blueberries to the mix and coaxed the blurry eyed engineer over to the table to eat. While Tony usually turned his nose up at most solid food in the morning, growling over his cup of coffee, there were a few foods he could be tempted to eat without too much fuss. Afterward, they all drifted out of the kitchen.Tony made it as far as the sofa in the living room before crashing. Clint shoved a pillow under his torso so all his weight wasn’t resting on his chest and Natasha pulled the coffee table over so that when Tony inevitably flailed awake in a few hours he wouldn’t smack into it when he fell off the sofa. Then they went about their day. Natasha took Thor out to raid the bookstores. The Asgardian had developed the habit of reading almost anything he could get his hands on and Natasha just enjoyed the fact that she had a place to keep books at now. Bruce went down to his lab and Clint hoped into his Jeep and disappeared off to places unknown. Steve went out for a jog around Central Park. Around noon, Tony snorted awake and rolled off the sofa, like his teammates knew he would. He got himself another cup of coffee and went back down to his workshop.At 4:28pm, the alarm went off. The Avengers suited up and went to battle the huge purple slugs that were currently sliming their way up Broadway. Clint lost two arrows in their jelly like bodies. Steve almost lost his shield and Natasha used half her stings in getting the slugs away from the Beacon Theatre.  Thor had fried a couple with his lightening and Hulk was just making a mess. Tony, was busy mouthing off to Loki. Then he was too slow dodging the blast of green energy that a furious Loki threw at him. And then the Iron Man armor was falling out of the sky.“Shit! Iron Man’s been hit!” Clint informed everyone from his perch.“Iron Man, report!” snapped Steve, his shield slicing off the head of a slug.“Sir has lost consciousness,” replied Jarvis just as the repulsors engaged on the suit. The suit jerked to a stop in the air and then began to slowly drop but it was angled oddly. The suit struggled to keep its torso parallel with the ground.“Jarvis, what are you doing?” Steve asked, jumping a slime trail and rolling away as Thor fried the slug behind him.“Sir’s vital signs are odd. I do not understand the information I am receiving. I believe something is wrong,” Jarvis answered tersely.“Wrong? Like what?” demanded Steve as everyone made concerned noises over the comm line.“I do not know,” Jarvis snapped as the suit reached the ground and settled on its back.“Brother!” cried Thor just as Loki disappeared with another burst of green light. The purple slugs began to melt, as if salt had been poured on them.“Yuck,” growled Natasha, yanking her foot free of a purple puddle with a sneer of disgust. Clint clamored down a fire escape and hurried to calm the Hulk down before he could get too disgruntled about his suddenly melting targets.Steve made his way over to the Iron Man armor and knelt beside it. “Tony? Can you hear me?” he called. “Jarvis, how is he?”“It is most perplexing, Captain. It appears that Sir’s mass has greatly decreased. As far as I can tell, his heartbeat and respiration rate are correct for the size I am detecting. I do not think Sir is overly harmed.”“Loki shrunk him?” Steve asked in confusion.“I can only speculate, Captain. But I believe so.”Thor landed next to them, worry on his face. “The Man of Iron is not injured, is he?”“Jarvis, open the suit. Override code: Captain-9-2-4-2-Spangles.”“Override code: Captain Spangles accepted,” intoned Jarvis.The suit bloomed open and for a moment Steve’s breath caught in his throat in fear as all he could see was the empty flight suit that Tony usually wore under the armor. Then he noticed a lump in the middle and gently peeled the flight suit back. “Oh my god,” he gasped. The little furry body was limp, lying still in the chest cavity of the armor. Steve gently put his palm on the cat’s side, feeling it breathe shallowly.Thor sighed gravely. “Aye. This is one of my brother’s favorite tricks. He once turned my friend Fandral into a feline for an entire turning of the sun.”“A day?” asked Steve in a daze.“I think he means a year,” Natasha said, leaning down to peer at the cat. Steve resisted the urge to scoop the animal up and cradle it against his chest to get it away from her.“So, Stark is a cat now? How does that work exactly? You know, with the fur and whiskers and all that,” asked Clint. Bruce was standing nearby in his ruined pants, looking with disgust as the purple slime on his bare arm.“Call SHIELD. I think we’re going to need their help,” ordered Steve with a sigh.

(**)
They left
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Animal Transformation
kitty!Tony
Loki is a brat
Tony is not the Avenger's pet
or their mascot
Except when he is
there be cuddles
cat ears and tail on a human
Tony just wants love
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark break up
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark get together
various other Marvel comic characters

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

