Work Text:
"You are of no use to me in that broken form, worm.  Perhaps this one will suit my needs better."  A bright glow soothing the pain was the last thing Tony Stark remembered after that voice.  He fell unconscious before he could wonder if he'd wake up again.* * *Tony woke up to hear men yelling above him.  This wasn't his bed at home! It was hard and cold, and his hands were held above his head.  Rough hands grabbed at him as Tony screamed and kicked at whoever it was.  And he saw a dark-haired man with golden eyes and a gold collar around his neck watching impassively.Where was Mom?  Jarvis?  Who were these men and how-Tony stopped screaming as a hand slapped him hard.  The shock of the pain made him tear up, but the angry voices were still yelling, and yelling at him, even though he couldn't understand them. He knew enough to know they'd hurt him more if he was loud, so he trembled and cried silently, like he would at home when Dad had been drinking.  He stopped struggling as well, though the rough hands didn't stop hurting.  He looked up at the man whose bruising grip on his arm had yanked him forward, only to find that it wasn't a man at all.  It was more of a monster, tall and black, with large metallic eyes and no skin.  In his other hand, there was a gold-colored remote.  Tony bit back a whimper of fear, trying to pull away from it.  Aliens?  But this wasn't how alien kidnappings were supposed to go.  He was supposed to find some cool technology and use it against them like they did in the movies.  But Tony was too scared, and the movies didn't mention that aliens hurt people.  He held back a yelp as the alien yanked him forward again down a dark hallway that seemed to go on forever.  Finally, the alien pulled open a door and shoved Tony inside.  He scrapped his knees and bit back another cry of pain as he hit his head against the wall.  The door shut on him, leaving him alone in the dark.  It was even scarier in the dark.Tony hurt all over, and he curled up on the floor where he'd been tossed.  He tried to stay quiet, because Dad only hurt him worse if he made noise.  Whoever these aliens were, they were probably the same, right?  If Tony just stayed quiet, they'd forget he was here and wouldn't hurt him anymore.  Except it was dark, and he wanted someone to find him, but he couldn't...It was too hard.  He hurt so bad from where the alien had hit him and from where he knocked his head, and he was so very scared.  It was hard to stay quiet, and every so often a soft sob escaped him that he couldn't hold back.  "Mom..." He cried as quietly as he could.  Aliens weren't nearly as cool as the movies made them seem, and they hurt him and he just wanted to go home to Mom and Jarvis.  Even Dad didn't hurt him this much when his father had a bit too much to drink."Hello?" a voice in the darkness said.Tony looked up in fear, despite not being able to see anything in the darkness.  And that was almost worse.  It was so black that he could almost see a monster forming out of it.  Tony hid his face behind his knees and focused on being quiet.  Aliens didn't have heat-sensing vision, did they?  Maybe if he was quiet, they wouldn't find him again."Hello?" the voice said again, slightly muffled as if he were talking through a wall.  Tony couldn't help the small sound of fear that he made.  "Hey, I won't hurt you, I promise. My name is Steve.  What's yours?"The voice sounded hurt too.  Tony recognized the slight hesitance in the voice that Tony sometimes used when he tried to convince Mom that he wasn't hurt.  Did the aliens hurt the voice too?  "Are you with the aliens?" Tony asked, uncertainty shaking in his voice. "Aliens?" the voice asked, his voice slipping into a familiar accent.  Steve was also from New York!  He couldn't be one of the aliens.  "Oh, you mean the Hydra soldiers.  I'm not with them, I promise," Steve assured him.  "Hydra?" Tony asked, lifting his head again and biting back a whimper at the pain the movement caused."Did they hurt you?" Steve asked, his voice low and urgent.What kind of answer did Steve want?  Mom only smiled when he said he was fine, while Dad told him if anyone asked, he should say it was an accident.  But if it was the aliens that hurt him, would it be okay to tell the truth?  "Hello?  Are you still there?"  Steve asked."I thought Captain America killed Hydra," Tony said instead of answering.  "I thought he did too," Steve said, his voice soft and full of emotion.  "I'm sorry, but he didn't get all of them."Steve sounded really sad as he spoke, and his apology was sincere instead of condescending.  Tony still felt mad that Steve would say something like that though.  "You're lying!  Captain America wouldn't have missed any.  Dad said Cap got them all!  How do I know you're not with the aliens too?""I'm sorry," Steve said again, sounding like he was going to cry now.  "Captain America got the leader, but he..."Tony immediately felt bad, like the times he made Mom cry.  
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Implied Child Abuse
Implied Bullying
PTSD
Torture (mostly off screen)
Child seeing death
Teddy Bears
Happy Ending
Pre-Slash
team fic
Tony-centric
Age Regression/De-Aging
Hydra
Fluff and Angst
The Author Regrets Nothing
Big Bang Challenge fail
Hurt/Comfort
Action/Adventure

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

