Work Text:
It was the day before Christmas Eve, and the library was stuffed with people.Bruce sighed, melancholy. On the one hand, signing autographs for all these people was nice. It was good to know that, despite the Other Guy, he was still appreciated and thought of. It was nice to know that he was gifting people Christmas presents. On the other hand... he would rather be back at Avengers Tower, watching Sam bake and Thor steal bites of cookie dough, conversing with Darcy and Jane while Tony butted in ever so often. He would rather be watching Steve draw the outlandish Christmas tree that brushed the ceiling, Clint clambering up it to try and put a star on top. Natasha would be hovering nearby, trying to look like she didn't care while in actuality she was gearing up to catch Clint when he fell. Pepper and Coulson would be chatting off to the side about their ridiculous bosses, and Rhodey would be pouring his homemade eggnog before Tony drank it all.“Thank you so much, Dr. Banner! My husband is going to love this gift!”Bruce smiled at the woman and nodded his 'you're welcome'. It got tiring saying 'you're welcome' to hundreds of people. If only Tony had come like he swore up and down he would... only to insist that he needed to 'supervise' the others in his precious tower. Bruce had insisted that no one needed to accompany him, and he was slightly disappointed but not surprised when no one insisted.“H-Hello... Dr. Banner...?”Bruce shook himself out of his stupor to see a young teenager standing in front of him, clutching a piece of paper to his chest. “H-Hi!” the kid chirped, extending the paper. Bruce was only slightly surprised. He had a stack of books next to him, so he was a bit curious as to why the kid wasn't buying a gift.“Hi,” he responded with a smile, feeling humored as he saw the title of his latest book scrawled across the top of the paper. “What's the name?”“P-Peter! Peter Parker...” the boy shuffled his feet nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sorry I don't have a book... I lost my only copy of your first edition.”“Your copy?” Bruce asked, cocking an eyebrow.The kid nodded excitedly. “Your theory on gamma-radiated mutant genes is to die for, Dr. Banner! I love the concept of the different forms of gamma reacting with-”“Hey, kid!” hollered a man from the back of the line. “Quit holdin' us up!”The boy flushed, and Bruce sent a look at the man, who huffed in response.“That's quite alright,” Bruce told the boy, “in regards to the book, I mean. Do you have the second and third editions, too? I could've signed one of those.”The boy's blush deepened, and he shook his head. “I- I couldn't really afford... ah...”Bruce understood, and signed the paper with a flourish, adding on a special note. “Here you go, kid. That a gift?”The kid shook his head. “Just a selfish wish, Dr. Banner.”He smiled at the boy. “No worries, Peter. We all deserve to be a little selfish sometimes.”Another holler from the man in the back of the line had Peter apologizing and shuffling off, embarrassed and guilty. And then Bruce's thoughts were torn away from anything else than methodically signing the books offered to him. … Upon finishing signing autographs, at nearly 6 pm, Bruce stretched and groaned, his back popping. I'm not that old, he told himself, rising up and looking at the empty boxes next to him. He had two more book copies, one for the library and an extra. He supposed the library could use another copy...“I'm sorry, son, but you need to leave. I let you stay an extra hour because of the book signing, but-”“Please, Mrs. McCready, just a few more minutes? I'm almost done with chapter five!”Recognizing the voice as the boy from earlier, Bruce rounded a corner with the two books in hand, smiling softly when he saw Peter curled up in a ball in the reading nook. The kid was reading Bruce's fourth edition book. He's already at chapter five? Bruce thought incredulously.“I need to check the book back in, Peter,” Mrs. McCready, the librarian, said sadly. “You can always get a library card-”“Can't afford any late fees,” the boy said.“Then don't be late, son!” the woman laughed, and Peter rubbed the back of his head self-consciously.“Ah, not really a thing with me, Mrs. McCready.”Before he knew what he was doing, Bruce had crossed over towards the two and was holding one of the copies of his book out to the librarian. “Mrs. McCready,” he spoke with a smile, trying not to startle the elderly woman. “He's that second copy for the library.”“Oh, thank you, Dr. Banner!” the woman gave him a moment before turning back to Peter, holding her hand out for the first copy of the book. “Peter,” she warned him, and the teen sighed dramatically with a smile, handing it back.Bruce really looked at the kid then, not having had a chance to earlier. His glasses were taped up like the stereotypical poor nerd in any fictional story, and his shirt had a picture of Einstein sticking his tongue out on it. His shoes were emblazoned with the NAS
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Light Angst
famous Bruce
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Minor Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Precious Peter Parker
Peter is a nerd
bruce is a nerd
Peter Feels
Christmas Feels

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

