Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve isn't quite expecting the others not to realize that he means to make a habit of this.  He goes to Tony's office after hearing that the poor guy had to spend all afternoon in a teleconference with people he hates,  and finds Tony resting his head on his folded arms on the desk.  Tony groans that he can't handle a team meeting or a lecture on tactics right now Cap, thank you very much, sounding muffled and tired.Steve sits on the desk, and ruffles Tony's hair.  "Dammit, soldier, I'm here to raise your morale,""Raise my—I see."  He looks up at last, grinning.  "You're a truly great leader, you know that?""I do my best," Steve says, and draws Tony's head against his thigh, petting him.  Tony purrs and nuzzles his way up Steve's side, finally wrapping his arms around Steve's waist in a tight hug before biting his shoulder and making him shudder."So how were you thinking of doing this, Cap?"  Tony asks, licking Steve's neck.  Steve gasps and tilts his head to offer more skin."I, ahh… I was thinking you could choose, Tony.""Mm.  In that case, I want you to fuck me."Steve whimpers, because he hasn't gotten to do that much.  Letting the others have him has always been easier and quicker.  "A-are you sure?""You're damn right I'm sure."  Tony grins, and locks the door, pulling out lube and condoms."Is there any room in this building that doesn't have sex supplies in it?"Tony grins.  "Maybe a couple, but I could fix that."Steve blushes.  "So, how are we doing this?""Oh, over the desk, totally.  Hang on."  Tony slides out of his jacket, hanging it on the chair, and smiles at Steve as he unbuttons his shirt.  "Well?"  Steve blushes bright red, and peels off his own shirt, setting it aside.  "Goddamn, you're beautiful," Tony says, setting his shirt with his jacket and toeing out of his shoes.  "I like these clothes, that's why I’m bothering to get all the way out of them.  Right down to the socks," he says, kicking them off, "because leaving your black socks on is for porno."Steve laughs, and strips himself the rest of the way, blushing again.  Tony's smile is soft and warm as he looks Steve over.  "You know, I was going to bend over for this, but now I think I want to see you."   Steve whimpers, because Bucky had wanted to see him, had stared up wide-eyed while Steve rode him and the others stood guard.  Tony seems to see it pass over Steve's face, because he pulls him into a deep, gentle kiss.  Steve shudders, knees going weak, and slowly pushes Tony down onto his back on the desk.  The height is just right, and he settles between Tony's legs, picking up the lube.  "Slow," Tony says, and Steve nods, carefully rubbing slick over Tony's hole, working just the tip of one finger into him.  Tony doesn't heal like Steve, can't recover instantly from tiny tears, and so Steve is incredibly careful with him, taking an eternity to work just one finger in until Tony is clutching at his shoulders and gasping, "Not slow anymore, please, please Steve, I can't—"  He cuts himself off with a deep groan as Steve eases a second finger into him, fucking him deep and slow.  He's not sure how much stretching this will take, and by the time he's using three fingers Tony is cursing at him to just fuck him already, this is taking forever!  Steve chuckles, and kisses him."Always so impatient, Stark.""Damn right I am, now fuck me!"  Steve hates rubbers, but he rolls one on anyway and lines himself up, suddenly doubting that he'll fit at all.  Tony wraps his legs around Steve's waist and struggles to pull him in, panting and whining as Steve's tip finally touches him.  He shudders and relaxes, gazing up into Steve's eyes as Steve sinks into him like they were made to go together.  "Ohhh, fuck," Tony breathes, eyes fluttering shut.  "God, yes."  Steve just makes a strangled noise because Tony is so hot and so tight, and slowly, slowly starts to move.  Tony moans, loud and shameless, and contorts up and drags Steve down to kiss him hard and sloppy, groaning into Steve's mouth as Steve speeds up.  They rock together on the desk, Tony whining as Steve finds just the right angle and grinds there.  "Oh…  Oh fuck, oh fuck," Tony whimpers, "oh fuck, Steve…"  Steve shudders, and reaches for Tony's cock, squeezing and stroking gently as he fucks him in fast, rough little jerks that make Tony keen and writhe, dark eyes wide and helpless.  He bucks under Steve and tosses his head, panting and digging his nails into Steve's back almost hard enough to draw blood before finally coming, cock twitching between them as his body milks Steve, who has no choice but to whimper and bury his face in Tony's shoulder as he jerks and shudders through his own climax.They rest there for a moment, and then Tony bites his lip, slowly wriggling off of Steve's cock.  "That, my friend, is a national treasure."Steve blushes and lets out a squawk of horrified laughter, lightly batting at Tony.  "Stop it!"Tony just grins.  "Never, baby."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Casual Sex
Desk Sex
Lap Sex
Barebacking
Tears
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Riding
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Double Penetration
Triple Penetration
Fisting
Nipple Play

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers

