Chapter 1: Like a slice of invisible pie
    




Chapter Text
SHIELD was extraordinary in a lot of ways, but in the small things it was just like other workplaces.  They had casual Fridays, flights of pointless memos, and the occasional departmental potluck.  Phil had been outside of his home town long enough to have confronted the visceral reality that he had not grown up in the quintessential American upbringing.
Phil was working with the Southeast Asia section of intelligence gathering (which was only made moderately difficult with the entire division's refusal to send him reports on either the Kingdom of Ogibawinad or Xiarsfaw IV) when the chief declared one such potluck.  The chief was very definitely a person; everyone knew his face, his name, and the sound of his voice.  If you greeted him in the hall he would respond in kind.  It was all a change for Phil.  The chief asked that everyone bring a dish from their home state, province, or country as a teambuilding exercise.  Phil debated what he should bring for a few days before deciding.
He’d soaked and stewed the peyote cactus just as his mother had, carefully extracting the mescaline-containing sludge and mixing it with eggs, corn syrup, and some lemon zest for that special zip.  The corn cookie crust tasted right, but the cornmeal he got from the store didn’t crumble perfectly like the stuff they used to get made from imaginary corn.  He poured the egg-cactus batter into the crust and baked it.  It hadn’t looked right, (he could see it, after all) but the smell was familiar and comforting.
The potluck was full of dishes he didn’t recognize, partially because of his small town upbringing, and partially because of the multi ethnic origins of his department.
“What did you bring?” Sitwell asked, jostling Phil’s shoulder.  Sitwell was the closest thing to a friend Phil could claim amongst his co-workers.  They had been recruited around the same time and gone through the training course together.  Sitwell was oddly trusting, and often disobeyed rules that had Phil both perplexed, and terrified, but they got on well enough.
“Invisible pie.”  Phil nodded his head towards his pie, which had taken on a rather greyish hue while it chilled overnight.  “I couldn’t get any imaginary corn or corn products this far east, so it’s not...”  He trailed off at Sitwell’s perplexed look.  “It’s a family recipe.”  He’d always preferred his mother’s version of the confection to the Moonlight Diner’s.  He suspected it was because they cut their Peyote cactus with San Pedro.
“Is it good?” Sitwell asked doubtfully.
“I haven’t tried it yet,” Phil replied with a shrug.  He cut his pie and served up two slices; one to himself, one for Jasper.
“Is it supposed to be this color?” Sitwell asked.
“I don’t know.  I’ve never made a visible invisible pie.”
Sitwell took a bite, chewed once, and made the most horrified face Phil had ever seen on his friend.  He managed to swallow it, but Phil could see the thought of spitting it out crossed Sitwell’s mind.
“Oh my god that is terrible.  What the fuck is in this?”  Jasper blinked a few times.  “Was that drugged?”
Phil frowned and tried a bite of his pie.  The texture of the crust was nice, if different.  The filling was smooth and not fibrous at all, with a familiar powerful sweetness, bitter aftertaste, and a mescalin tingle.  “It tastes fine to me,” Phil replied, still privately disgruntled that he could see it.  The grey tinge was downright unappetizing.
“I repeat, what the fuck is in this?  It’s like a chess pie had a crack baby with satan.  This is a crime against pie.”  Sitwell threw the plate, fork, and pie in the garbage with more force than was necessary.  “You made that?  Why would you make that?  And I repeat once more, what the fuck was in that?”
“You must be tasting the peyote cactus.  It’s not everyone’s thing, but I like—”
“There’s peyote in there?”  Phil and Sitwell had drawn a bit of attention at this point, and Phil was feeling put upon.
“No, it’s a peyote cactus reduction that concentrates the mescalin,” Phil replied patiently.  “Then you soak it in tears purified by a bloodstone chant to get most of the bitterness out.”
Sitwell looked sidelong at Phil but eventually decided he must be joking, laughing un-enthusiastically.  He scooted towards a pair from Texas and Tennessee who were arguing about what constituted a proper barbecue.
A hiss from behind Phil drew his attention.  It was a familiar sort of hiss; the sort of hiss that a radio gave off before it found a proper signal.  It was a hiss similar enough to that used by his Eternal Scout troop leader that it set off a visceral reaction in him.  He utterly, completely ignored it.  “Is that visible, invisible pie?” the hisser asked in a growly undertone which utterly failed at being inconspicuous but were entirely successful in not being noticed by any of the other potluck attendees.
“I don’t think anybody I know would put money under the Sweet n Low for it,” Phil whispe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Phil is from Night Vale
Invisible Pie
Imaginary Corn
Phil Coulson: The early years
Growing up in Night Vale isn't easy
Crossover
Fusion
bloodstone ring
chanting
Family
tragic backstory
Mutants
Mutant Rights
Big Rico's
never volunteer if you don't know what for
Food Porn
dark passengers
inkblots
not quite dead
Meet the Family
Going Home
the Ancient Ones
The Angels - Freeform
The Subway
Mamma Coulson
The man in the tan jacket - Freeform

fandom: 
None
