Work Text:
Tony looked with a slight pang of jealousy as he checked his phone during a meeting. Steve had sent a picture of him and Bucky on their day out together. Tony couldn't attend because of all the meetings he was stuck inside following an update in S.H.I.E.L.D. policies.
Tony and Steve had been dating for almost a year before Bucky entered their relationship. Tony was iffy, but with his (reluctant) consent, Steve had let his old boyfriend into their relationship.
Steve had always been a firm believer in love and second chances. But Tony, even if he agreed to let Bucky in, didn't sleep with him. They talked but barely touched each other at all. Heck, Steve was being less sexual with Tony since Bucky came into their sex lives about three months ago. The three never all slept together and Tony and Bucky even had different rooms to sleep at separate times, Steve went in between those rooms and even having his own room if he wanted to be alone.
There was secret jealousy brimming inside Tony’s heart...and he knew that it shouldn't be. Steve had asked for his permission, Bucky was trying to be cool and kind with him. They were trying to make it work...but Tony still felt excluded and he hated feeling like that.
He half focused his attention to the presentation in front of him while jealousy ate at him. Tony left immediately, ignoring all requests for interviews and events, driving all the way back to their shared mansion with his heart feeling like it was going to explode.“You've been down here all day. Come on, Steve’s cooking dinner.” Bucky had come down to the basement to fetch Tony. He'd spent a good 5 hours in his basement lab, tinkering with various robotic machines. Tony wasn't working on anything in particular, just moving from machine to machine in efforts to clear his thoughts he’d been having since the afternoon.
“Later.” Tony was focused on the robotic arm he was modifying.
Bucky groaned, “If you're staying down here, least fix my arm.” Tony sighed annoyed but wheeled himself over to the table closest to Bucky as the man took a seat and bared his metal arm. How he managed to ruin his arm all the time with no fighting was beyond Tony, but he didn't mind repairing it. It kept his mind sharp. Tony pulled out his box of tools and worked at repairing the scuffs and dents in it.
Bucky asked casual, “Steve says you're acting weird. Busy?”
Tony looked up for a moment while he switched tools, “Being a ‘genius’ means that I don't get a break. JARVIS, if I had any paperwork, tell the companies it'll be late.”
JARVIS replied, “Sir, you had a 30 page project idea due-”
Tony pulled out a small screwdriver and said, “I’m busy JARVIS, tell them it has to be moved or it’ll be canceled.” JARVIS complied and sent the message out.
Bucky asked, “Are you always slow with your things?”
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “Nah, just hate paperwork. It’s boring and pretty annoying.”
Bucky grinned slightly, “That's something we can agree on.” Tony was so focused with Bucky’s arm and didn't notice Steve come downstairs with dinner for both his partners. Tony finished tightening one of Bucky’s metal fingers before he perked at the smell.
Steve smiled gently, “Looks like you haven't been taking care of yourself, Stark.”
Tony said, “I’ve only been here-”
Bucky cut him off, “Since 2 this afternoon. What is it, 7 now?”
Tony said to him with a slightly threatening tone, “I’m still fixing your arm. Don't make me stop.”
Steve chuckled and Bucky almost laughed at his threat, “Oooookay~”
Steve put the tray of food down and took a look at Tony in action, “How do you do this? It looks way too complicated.”
Tony teased, “With my hands, Cap.”
Steve said with a smile, “Ah, there's the spunk I haven't seen much of.” He leaned in to kiss Tony’s forehead before taking a seat by Bucky to be out of Tony’s way. Steve held Bucky’s free hand, and all of a sudden, Tony’s jealous feelings returned again. It was such a small, insignificant thing that Steve was doing, Tony knew that. Tony was working, both of his hands were occupied, and he needed to focus on Bucky’s arm, but part of him feared that Steve just didn't want to touch him like he did Bucky. That Steve saw him and Bucky as inherently different.
“Stark?” Tony jolted backward at the sound of his name invading his thoughts and dropped the screwdriver. Steve stood up and bent over to pick it up.
He held Tony’s shaking hand, “It's time to stop working, hun.”
Bucky flexed his metal arm and said, “It's food time, relax and eat.” Tony gripped Steve’s hand and nodded as he spaced out. He took a minute before his slight panic calmed.
Tony tasted Steve’s cooking and commented, “Who would've known that when I met you that you'd make anything edible.”
Steve turned red, saying, “H-Hey!”
Bucky are from his bowl as well and said, “Back in the day, he'd burn just bout anything. And everything.”
Steve frowned, “Give it a break...I did make dinner for the both of you.”
Tony said, “Alright, alright, come here.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
Stucktony
winterironshield - Freeform
stuckyony
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Jealousy
Polyamory Jealousy
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony is jealous of bucky
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky Barnes
Iron Man - Freeform
Captain America - Freeform
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Mental Breakdown
envy - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
Stony - Freeform
winteriron
Happy Ending
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Light Angst
Light Smut
Happy Tony Stark
Understanding
OT3
True Love
Healthy Relationships
Cuddling & Snuggling
Feels
So much love for each other
steve x tony x bucky
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Hurt/Comfort
Love Confessions
Passion
Love
Declarations Of Love
Yaoi
happiness
cute and smutty

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

