Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Odin stroked his beard in contemplation as the storm raged outside. He would have to talk to Thor tomorrow about his display of emotion. Rain fell upon their kingdom for three days straight as the crown prince struggled with his sorrow. If Thor was to become king one day, he would have to learn to take more care. He could not allow his personal feelings to cause his subjects hardship. Odin knew that lesson all too well.

The room was almost completely dark save for the roaring fire in the fireplace and the candles on the table beside him. He welcomed the solitude and the darkness. Odin knew he grew frailer by the day. His sleep would be upon him soon and he wished to have all matters of importance laid to rest before then. Foremost on his mind was Loki’s fragile state.

Despite what everyone thought, Odin loved his son very much. There wasn’t a second where he had considered the boy anything less than his very own. He just never understood Loki even as a small child. The boy was so different from Odin, Thor, and the other male Aesir. He tried to shape Loki into a warrior he could be proud to call his son. However, the boy failed miserably and his efforts only served to force a wedge between them.

Odin stared at the runes on the page in front of him but couldn’t find the interest to continue reading. He was worried for his family. Loki’s punishment had put a terrible strain on his relationship with Thor and Frigga. Their bonds grew weaker as Loki’s condition worsened. The distance only caused him more distress as he worried for his son. Unfortunately, his hands were tied in the matter.

For the past year, their youngest son served time on Asgard to atone for his crimes against Midgard.  It would remain that way for many years to come if Odin had any say – and he did. Loki’s crimes showed a complete lack of respect for life and brought shame upon the house of Odin. His subjects and the peoples of all the realms looked to him to be a paragon of virtue. He couldn’t appear weak now. Odin saw the threat on the horizon. He would need to be able to unite all Nine Realms when the time came.

He knew from the moment Thor brought Loki home in manacles that the punishment would have to be swift and punitive. Odin could show no favoritism for the young man raised in his house. His beloved wife’s tears were the only reason he refrained from ordering Loki’s execution. Odin was no fool. He knew such an action would drive his wife from his arms forever.

His sentence had been firm and swift. Loki would spend one year in prison for each life he willfully took on Midgard. He would be treated as any other inmate convicted of such a heinous crime. The Aesir were incredibly long-lived beings so just being imprisoned for centuries was hardly enough. The treatment of prisoners was harsh. The Aesir used corporal punishment on their more serious offenders. Daily canings or floggings were common. Odin didn’t enjoy Loki’s punishment but he knew it was necessary. The sentence appeased the realms and there was peace among them once more.

Frigga was not pleased with Odin’s ruling but she accepted it as a compromise. The decision strained their relationship in ways he did not anticipate and it had only grown worse as Loki’s condition deteriorated. The young man’s already fragile mind shattered even more during his incarceration. He spent weeks in a near catatonic state where he would not eat or sleep for days on end. Eventually, he simply succumbed to the exhaustion.

The healers would work round the clock to return him to good health only to watch their good work destroyed in a matter of weeks once he returned to his cell. He refused to speak to anyone and rarely if ever made eye contact with anyone other than Frigga.

The latest incident occurred over a four-week span. Loki refused food, drink, and sleep until he was near death. At that point, even Thor realized his brother’s motives. If Odin wouldn’t be merciful enough to end his life then Loki would do it himself.

Odin wasn’t surprised when he heard the door to his private chambers open without as much as a knock. He had expected this visit all day. In fact, he sent away his attendants earlier in anticipation of it. He was certain he didn’t want anyone to overhear this conversation.

Odin closed the tome in front of him and stifled the heavy sigh that threatened to leave his mouth. He knew all too well, why his wife stood in front of him with a face like thunder. In all their time together, only one subject truly divided them – Loki.

“Husband, I would have words with you now,” said Frigga. She was a kind and compassionate woman. However, that did not make her weak. There were few as fierce as the All-Mother.

Odin placed the ancient tome on the table and motioned to the chair beside him. “I have long anticipated this conversation. Please, sit with me.”

Frigga shook her head. “Nay.” She regarded him carefully and added, “I think I shall stand for this, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Claire Temple
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
Odin's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
BAMF Frigga (Marvel)
Thor Is Not Stupid
Loki Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Jealousy
Betrayal
Domestic Avengers
Weddings
Lady Loki
Adoption
star-crossed lovers
BAMF Tony Stark
Gender Identity
Loki's Kids
Parent Tony Stark
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Past Torture
Past Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Claire Temple
Frigga/Odin

