Chapter 1: I Need a Hero
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
A mercenary, common low-life, rather attractive, smooth-talking, total good-guy [insert sarcasm] is how anyone would describe Wade Wilson. Important information there, he kills people for money. Money has always been the most important thing in his life, as well as helping out the little guy.Which is exactly what Wade had done today; the girl was being stalked by some scum from school, and he took the liberty of roughing him up pro bono. Nothing enraged the blond more than creeps taking advantage of someone they viewed as easy prey.She wanted the older man to meet up with her at a skate park on the outskirts of town. That side of town is the very seedy side of town. Wade was left to wonder why teenagers always seemed to seek out any and all kinds of trouble, but it wasn’t any of his business. He checked his watch and realized he still had thirty minutes to kill. * “If it isn’t the king of freebies himself. Oh, god. Don’t tell me you’re looking to give other services out for free? I mean, as hot as you are, ladies should be paying you. I call dibs on being your pimp daddy but that personality of yours….”“Yeah, alright. Can it Dana Carvey. I’m just chilling before I meet the teen princess.”“You can’t play a brother like that!” The man behind the counter began to fake pout even though it was just as deadpan as usual. He slid a drink to his buddy. “You’re never happy to see me...Weasel?” Wade spat out, eye brow raised, and his hand wrapped around the filthy glass.“I dunno man. Tonight’s been weird. Like, life altering weird vibe. Things are happening. The world is alive and we are all gonna die. Or get butt fucked into oblivion. I dunno, man... Although it could be the pills talking… Eh.” Weasel shrugged as he leaned the palms of his hands on the counter and watched Wade fidget with his drink. Wade tilted the glass to Weasel as he spoke before downing the dark brown contents. He gave off a slight hiss. The drink and his friend's banter raking along his nerves. “Warn a man before you lay heavy shit on him. You’ll never get a perfect groom with that attitude.” Wade groaned out in an exaggerated tone as he got up to leave.Weasel flipped him off and Wade blew a kiss as he left.Wade stood beside the mirror of the front wall and caught his reflection. Close cut blonde hair was horribly messy even for a crew cut, stubble needed to be shaved, whisky eyes needed sleep, and clothes probably needed cleaned. He let out a sigh before heading out of the bar that Weasel owned.Off the skate park to meet the teen he had eagerly helped out. * “I can’t believe it!”“He says he’s sorry. Well, later!” The blond man towered over everyone at the park, which he was not fond of. It draws too much attention. His eyes dart around, surveying the area as he turns away from the girl and her friends. Before he’s out of earshot, Wade heard the girl shout that he’s her hero.“Nope! Not that! Ever!” He shouts back over his shoulder.For nine o-clock on a Wednesday night, this skate park was jam packed with teens and young adults. Wade had to expertly dodge way too many skate rats just to leave.He sees a clearing in the bodies and takes it. He was almost free when a kid slammed into him, his skate board whizzing off to the opposite side of the rink and his small body caught firmly by Wade.“I’m so sorry! I-““wasn’t paying attention.” He finished the stuttering while he looks over the young soft features. His big doe eyes with hazel irises stare up into Wade’s whiskey colored eye and his adorably freckled face was flushed pink. Wade can’t help noticing the innocence and underlying pain within those eyes. He couldn’t be more than fifteen and had the look of someone who’s been to war, which Wade knew all too well.The younger man noticed the stare he was receiving and tried to shift within the firm arms to escape them, snapping reality back into place for Wade.“Y-Yeah.” He mutters back to the older man whose cheeks pull back into a smile. Wade straightens him up to release him so he can stand on his own.“Good luck out there.” The older man gives a side wave as he leaves the young thing standing there confused. The adorable little nerd in his loose fitting close and glasses just stares at the muscled back walking away from him. His mind lost in the visions of those eyes and that scar on his eyebrow. * He couldn’t explain why he found himself scoping out the skate park more often now. Maybe it was the innocent kid he’d bumped into. Maybe it was the attention the younglings were receiving from neighborhood gangs.“Come on, Wilson. You’re being a creep.” Wade whispered to himself as he pulled the handheld scope from his right eye and pocketed it. A quick roll of his shoulders and adjustment of his plaid wooly jacket and he was off across the street.He was quick to notice one of the wannabe gang members had disappeared, leaving only four of th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Slow Build
Backstory
Chance Meetings
Friends to Lovers
Friendship/Love
Best Friends
Eventual Smut
Shaving
Skateboarding
Rejection
Secret Identity
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Identity Issues
Depression
Fight Kink?
Hurt/Comfort
Puppy Love
Age Difference
heartmates

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

