Work Text:

There are a great many things that are certain in the world, and the Alpha/Omega dynamic is one of them. But even in this world, there are surprises, there are changes, and there are those who challenge each and every perception.

Lives tangle every second of every day, and though continents and decades may separate them, those circumstances will wind themselves around every moment until people who are irrevocably connected find their way to each other. The Chinese have the red thread, the Ancient Greeks have the fates - prophecies and predictions that span time to join even the most distant people to each other. 

Tony Stark spent the first thirteen years of his life as any other boy in his position might. His father was a distant man, intelligent but occupied at all times by a job that took over his life. To say that Tony did well at school would be a lie – he excelled. He was the best, from the moment he walked in. He was ahead by years, his mind a whirl of numbers and equations that were indecipherable to most others. He did his best, like any boy, to please his father, to gain the recognition that his father's pride would give him.

And, at fourteen, any pride or satisfaction Howard Stark might have given his son was dismissed. Because Tony Stark, meant to be the next in a long line of Stark Alpha males, was a disappointment greater than any Howard could have conceived of. 

Tony Stark was Omega. 

And so Howard devoted his life to finding the one person who could make him proud, the one man who could justify his work, the weakest, scrawniest Alpha that Howard Stark had ever met in his life.

Steve Rogers.

~

Call it a quirk of fate, call it an opportunity lost, hell, call it the Great Depression. 

Steve Rogers was just as surprised as everybody else when he turned out to be Alpha, too. Bucky? Well, that was obvious. Bucky was tall and handsome, girls followed him around like he'd been dipped in chocolate, but Steve? 

Steve should have been tall – he should. If he'd been fed the way a growing boy should have been fed, and if he'd spent nights under a warm blanket, and if he hadn't been half-killed by his own health, he might have been. He might have grown the wide shoulders of an Alpha instead of having the short stature and brittle bones that were so deceptive.

It didn't take the fight out of him, but perhaps that was worse. Perhaps he would have been better off if each insult and every injustice didn't heat his blood and curl his fists. Perhaps life would have been easier if he'd had the strength to back his words with his hands.

But Steve Rogers looked enough like an Omega that it didn't matter what he thought, or said, didn't matter how hard he fought. 

Until Erskine.

Because Erskine brought friendship with him, brought the acceptance nobody but Bucky had brought before, and he believed when nobody else would.

The man who stepped down out of the metal coffin wasn't just Erskine's supersoldier. He was the man Steve Rogers was meant to be. 

~

Tony Stark, as a complete opposite to the skinny kid from Brooklyn, was incredibly good at hiding what he didn't want people to know.

Stark genes brought a lot of things and, even if the long Alpha-line hadn't followed into his blood, Tony still had everything else. 

He was a genius, not to mince words. Handsome – devastatingly so, if he did say so himself. Charismatic – and you only needed to watch any of hundreds, thousands of interviews and videos and public appearances and lectures. 

Tony Stark never looked anything else than the most sought-after Alpha in the whole United States, if not the world, and almost everybody went for it. 

There were those who knew, of course. Pepper, for one, and Rhodey, and Yinsen. Yinsen had known because it was impossible for him not to have known. And...Stane. 

Stane knew. Stane had known the moment Howard discovered it because Stane was the only one Howard trusted with that kind of embarrassment, that kind of disappointment. Because all of those people, most of the people in Tony's life, were Alphas. 

Pepper, Rhodey, not Yinsen but that had been different. And Stane. Stane had been Alpha. 

And maybe he's subconsciously aware of that when he meets Steve Rogers – a man whose status was never discussed. So maybe he doesn't get on with Steve because Captain Rogers is, as far as Tony knows, the Omega Who Looks Like An Alpha. 

Maybe that's even why Steve finds himself annoyed by Tony Stark. Tony Stark, as far as he knows, is the Alpha Who Behaves Like A Lunatic. 

So they have their differences. Tony thinks Steve is Omega and above himself. Steve thinks Tony is Alpha and defensive. 

But when the truth comes out, it turns out there really isn't time to be surprised. They're too busy trying to fight it. And that's the least of their worries.
~Steve opened his eyes slowly, his head swimming. Being a Super-Soldier had advantages, like being able to shake off unsteadiness a little faster than the average gu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Dubious Consent
Sort Of
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
except maybe a little plot
But Not Much
also a lot of disregard for actual science
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

