Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Mission Report – Mission 28593XBDecember 20, 2001 Asset ‘Winter Soldier’ was deployed at 0700 EST on the morning of December 16 to mission assignment. With the recovery of Captain America, A.K.A. Steven Grant Rogers, from the arctic by the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division and project leader Howard Anthony Walter Stark, it has become increasingly apparent that additional super soldiers are essential to furthering the cause set forth by our organization’s illustrious founder. See: Intelligence Report 5367DL92Z. Sources inside of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division (referred to as S.H.I.E.L.D. for the remainder of this report and its accompanying file) provided the necessary information related to the recovery of samples purported to be viable super soldier serum. See: Intelligence Reports 5367DL94A – 5368QP02.Samples were reported to be in the custody of known enemy Howard Anthony Walter Stark (referred to as Howard Stark for the remainder of this report and its accompanying file). Security measures at the Stark Mansion were deemed too extensive to risk a break in. Opportune moment for acquisition was reported to be mid-transport on the evening of December 16. The asset ‘Winter Soldier’(referred to as WS for the remainder of this report and its accompanying file) was directed to take point on this mission. No additional forces were appointed to participate. Howard Stark was meant to be in the company of Maria Collins Carbonell Stark (wife) and Anthony Edward Stark (son). All three targets were to be eliminated.WS took position on an old service road off of the route where the targets were said to be set to travel on at 1700 EST. See: Attached map diagram for exact position. The targets passed the road at 1946 EST in a Bentley Arnage. WS pursued on motorcycle, following closely for 25 meters before delivering a single blow to the left, rear fender with the asset’s metal arm to unbalance the car and send it into a crash.  The vehicle spun off the road and into a tree, rendering the vehicle inoperable. WS then confirmed that only two targets were in the car, Howard Stark and Maria Collins Carbonell Stark. Howard Stark’s injuries from the crash led to death within minutes while WS smothered Maria Collins Carbonell Stark to ensure her death before retrieving the case of serum samples from the trunk of the vehicle.WS delivered the samples into HYDRA custody before being dispatched to the Stark Mansion in New York, where the Starks had traveled from, in search of Anthony Edward Stark. When the target could not be located there, teams were dispatched at MIT to attempt to find him in his college dorms. At 0817 on the morning of December 17, word was discovered that Anthony Edward Stark was in Afghanistan to present a weapons demonstration of the Jericho missile to the United States Military. His convoy had been attacked by terrorists and his body not recovered. Teams were dispatched to monitor the situation.WS returned to cryo on December 19, after being transported to the proper facility. Re-deployment will be evaluated when more information surfaces as to the fate of Anthony Edward Stark. His death remains an open mission for the WS until the kill is confirmed. Hail HYDRA...…...Tony reeled at the turns his life had taken, hardly able to believe it. Three years ago, the omega genius had been just 17, attending his first solo-weapons demo, when he’d been kidnapped the same day his parents had died in a car accident. He hadn’t even learned of their deaths until months later when he’d blown his way out of those caves and come back home. Finding out that Obie had been the one to set him up had been a shit-storm when he was also having to take over Stark Industries. Thank God for SHIELD swooping in to smooth everything over. Tony would just never admit it where Fury could hear.Learning that his father had been involved with, had helped found even, a super-secret government organization was more surprising than it probably should have been. Tony blamed the shock and the number of things he was dealing with for being so slow on the uptake. He’d just become a superhero, after all. Then all of a sudden he found himself being invited to join the Avengers, despite Black Widow’s frowns of disapproval, and they were saving the world from an alien invasion. It was a lot to take in.Now he was twenty years old, flipping the bird to every stereotype that said he needed an alpha to run his life for him, and kicking ass every week with the newest upstart bad guy. He finally felt like a part of the team, hanging out with Brucie in the labs and hosting the entire team in the Stark Tower he’d renovated for just that purpose. Even Natasha seemed to have accepted him into the fold. She’d snuck him an extra donut last week. If that wasn’t love, Tony didn’t know what was. Of course, last week was also the forty-fifth attempt on Tony’s life since 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Rutting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Social Commentary
Consent
Consent is Sexy
Guilt
Survivor Guilt
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Protectiveness
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Bots
Bot Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark's Bots Are His Kids
Team as Family
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Idiots in Love
First Kiss
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

