Chapter 1: No Turning Back
    


Summary:

The beginning.





Chapter Text
“We do this, there’s no turning back,” Tony said. “This is serious stuff, guys.”
The library table of teenagers was absolutely silent, all frowning and thinking seriously. Natasha turned and quickly signed what Tony said to Clint, who watched her hands and looked just as serious as the others.
“Like, we’re planning on running away and becoming vigilantees,” Tony continued. “We get caught as vigilantees, we go to jail. If we get found as missing foster kids, we all go back into the system, and it'll probably even worse than it is now, with overbearing watchmen keeping an eye out. This is  very serious, so I need to know, right now, if you all still want to do this.”
“I’m in,” Steve said firmly, not missing a beat.
“Wherever Steve goes, I go,” Bucky added, shuffling in his seat.
“M’in,” Clint whispered, almost too quiet to really hear.
Tony looked at him and felt cold, calm fury in his veins at the reason behind the quiet voice. Clint’s foster parents  took his aids away because he ‘wasn’t listening anyway.’ Tony was ready to actually punch one of those shitty ableist foster parents.
“So am I,” Natasha agreed. Tony couldn’t tell if she was reading his mind or not, but decided that she probably meant that she was up for being a vigilante.
Bruce nodded solemnly to show Tony he was up for joining and started cleaning his glasses.
“I’m in,” Matt said, tapping the end of his cane anxiously.
“Me too,” Sam said with the same amount of steel in his voice as Steve.
“And I’m always with you, Tones,” Rhodey said honestly.
“Okay.” Tony blew out a breath and considered their situation. “Okay. There’s nine of us, so we need to be careful about this. We need to go to Stark Manor in New York City. It’s closed down, locked, and abandoned until I turn eighteen, so it's the perfect hiding place. We can’t all go at once, though, so we need to make a plan. We're all divided into levels of importance in The System, high profile and low profile, more or less. Bucky, Natasha, and I are high profile because of my fame, the fact that HYDRA’s CEO is fostering Bucky, and Natasha is a part of the Red Room, which is a ballet studio that secretly teaches its recruits to kill.
Tony continued. “Matt, Bruce, Steve, Sam, Rhodey and Clint are low profile because of ableist, racist, or classist reasons... and that fact that you are considered a troublesome teenager. Looking at you, Cap.”
Steve shrugged, not looking upset at that at all. Bucky bumped shoulders with him and grinned.
Tony rolled his eyes with a smile on his face. He then continued, “The low profiles need to run away, excluding Matt, who needs to be kidnapped. Nobody is going to believe the blind kid is running away, because of, again, ableism. If you run away, people will pay more attention because they think you can be found easily. Now, the high profiles. I'll run away, because if I get kidnapped again and show up when I turn 21 to take over the company, people will ask questions. I think Bucky should fake a suicide, and Nat needs to run away. We all need to leave at different nonlinear times and the high profiles need to attract attention away from everybody else.”
Natasha nodded. “That sounds right. I won’t attract a lot of attention in the media, but the Red Room will be looking for me.”
“How do I... How do I fake a suicide?” Bucky asked nervously.
“I’ll write something up for you," Tony promised. "You’re going to need a suicide note and to move your stuff before you pretend to jump off a bridge. Think you can manage?”
Bucky nodded slowly, shrugging a bit. “Sure.”
“Okay, we’ll meet back here tomorrow and I‘ll have everything planned out and arrangements made. After we get to the mansion, we’ll have to lay low until the fuss dies down, which will give me time to make our stuff and go over what we plan to accomplish as a vigilante group.”
“Destroy the corrupt,” Natasha said instantly. “ Blood, blood, blood, blood- ” she whisper chanted.
“Yes, thank you, beautiful, creepy vampire queen. But we need to figure out how and when, right?”
“...Fine,” Natasha allowed.
“We can have Steve design the outfits and I’ll have them fabricated and made. Everybody game?”
Everyone nodded and murmured to each other.
“Court’s adjourned,” Matt chuckled, grabbing his braille textbook and cane. “Sam?” He held out his arm.
“Yeah, man, let’s go. Biology, right?” Sam bumped Matt’s arm with his own, allowing the boy to grab it.
“Yeah. See you later guys,” Matt said and everybody groaned at the awful pun.
 

 
“Okay,” Tony said, putting down eight thin manila folders. “Here’s everything. Now, clearly, those who run away will take their shit with them and leave brief notes saying how they hate the foster house and a false destination that sounds realistic. I have transportation options and disguises planned out. Here you go,” he said as he passed Bruce, Steve, Sam, Rhodey and Clint their packets.
Tony cleared his throat and then turn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Everyone & Everyone
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Teenagers
Vigilantism
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Bad Jokes
Canon-Typical Violence
Families of Choice
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Humor
BAMF Avengers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Swearing
And Lots of It
Friendship
Team Dynamics
Team as Family
Team Fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling
Puppy Piles
but of snuggling teenagers
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Blind Character
Deaf Character
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Dad Coulson
Canon Disabled Character
Italian Tony Stark
Adoption
Mind Control

fandom: 
Everyone & Everyone
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury

