Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Something had happened. The soldier wasn’t sure what. He vaguely remembered going to sleep, his last view before the white mist of oblivion covered his face was looking at the Mission, his Mission, alive, unhurt, smiling gently. I can’t trust my own mind. He woke, alone. The cryo tube was shattered, mist leaking into the air with its smell of dreams and faded memory. He never spoke of the dreams while in the tube, wretched and hot and vivid and going on and on, even when he knew he was dreaming, he couldn’t escape their clutches. There was a dead man on the floor that wasn’t the soldier. He tipped the man over; a scientist, or doctor, throat cut. He had the dark skin and natural hair of one of the African nations. The soldier grabbed the clipboard from him; he didn’t read Wakandan, but he could recognize some of the base words and lettering. Bad place to be. Wakandans were fierce fighters and didn’t appreciate strangers on their land. There was no way to blend in, either. Another dead man, this one shot in the back. The soldier inspected this one further, he wore tac gear. The soldier confiscated his gun, (checked the ammo, it was loaded, and there were two spare magazines in the bag) knives and food. No point in the gear, it had already been ruined. Boots were too large, but better than bare feet. The soldier shoved his feet into them and laced them tight. A faint noise, like someone taking a shaking breath, and the soldier whirled, gun pointed in the direction of… a kid. Four, maybe five years old, with dark curling hair and wide brown eyes and a pistol pointed directly at the soldier’s heart. He was wearing a man’s t-shirt, emblazoned with a metal band’s symbol on it, no pants, no shoes, the shirt fitting him like a smock. Gunfire rattled off a few rooms away, but the kid didn’t flinch, he didn’t move and he didn’t take the gun off the soldier. “Don’t move.” The soldier considered it. He was without armor, but one bullet wouldn’t kill him, wouldn’t even slow him down. He felt no compulsion to attack. He didn’t put his gun down, but he didn’t make any threatening moves. “Tactical report?” the soldier requested. “Hydra invaded. Come to take you home,” the boy said. “You gonna let ‘em?” “Not the plan,” the soldier said. “Steve?” He didn’t know what a Steve was, the mission, maybe? The blonde man. It was important, but he was still too sleep fogged to sort it. “Protecting the others,” the boy said. “Not that freaky bitch queen can’t take care of herself.” The language, in the mouth of a child that small was a dissonance. The soldier shook his head, trying to clear it. “You gonna try to kill me again?” The soldier didn’t remember trying to kill this child to begin with, but that was hardly unusual. He had killed children before, he knew it, but didn’t know how that was a thing that he knew. He shook his head. He had no compulsion, no mission to direct him. No desire to shed blood unless it was for his own protection. “Not today.” “Then we should get you off the battlefield,” the tiny tactical genius said. “You aren’t clear enough to tell who’s friend and who’s not. Heaven forbid you try to rip someone else’s heart out. Eventually you’ll end up killing everyone who’s actually on your side, and then what will you do?” The soldier rather thought that this was a rhetorical speech and didn’t bother to answer. Had he ripped someone’s heart out? He couldn’t quite remember that, either. “Who are you?” “Not telling you that,” the boy said, not looking back. “Not now. Too dangerous.” “Who am I?” “Sergeant James Barnes,” the boy said. “The Winter Soldier. Now come on, before someone else comes looking for you.” 
 “You, go that way, as far as you can run in a day, stay near the river. I’ll send Steve to get you after this shit is done. If Steve doesn’t come for you -- unlikely, but you never know, eventually that idiot is going to bite off more than he can chew up and spit out -- don’t show yourself to anyone who doesn’t call out the passcode ‘he’s fast and she’s weird.’ Got that much?” The soldier nodded. “I’ll try an’ send them in order of people you’ll recognize, but I think every last one of Hydra’s here, who’s left over, and that’s a good sized army. A few billion ants can take down even a tank.” The soldier was about to argue -- as much as he could with limited vocabulary and a very unspecific reason why he shouldn’t be separated from this boy -- when the decision was taken out of his hands. Hydra mech-soldiers, wearing armored combat suits and toting hand cannons, burst out of the hallway, and there was no more time for peaceful solutions or arguments. The soldier jerked the kid close to him. “Stay down,” he ordered, and the soldier went to war. It was fast and ugly. The kid did not stay down, and he did not stay uninvolved, using his pistol to advantage. The kid had incredible aim, good reflexes, and he was fearless. Between the two of them, the assault force of a dozen mechs were down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Age Regression/De-Aging
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Bucky Barnes
everybody blames tony stark
Kid Tony Stark
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Sorry Not Sorry
Magic
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Dimension Travel
re-aged
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

