Chapter 1



Notes:
Thank you TouchoftheWind for the pretty banner! :D




Chapter Text







David hates Alphas. Always has, always will. (Or so he likes to think.) He hates the way their lecherous gazes always linger a second too long, the way they interpret “no” to mean “I'm playing hard to get,” and, most of all, the way he’s powerless to stop them, his limbs too fragile, theirs too persistent. (More accurately, he hates the way he lets them take and take and how he craves their approval.) On his seventeenth birthday, when the letters Tony Stark appeared on his body – dancing along the bones of his right ribcage – and branded him an Omega, Stark’s property, he began taking heat suppressants. He will never become desperate for a knot, for an Alpha. He will never bond.It’s a cloudy Thursday. He’s been twenty for a week now. He’s used to the way the skin stretching over his ribs burn and ache with every breath, the name imprinted there refusing to be ignored. He’s used to the way he sometimes feels searing pain that doesn’t belong to him or random rushes of sexual desire at the oddest of hours. (Apparently this only happens to people with strong bonds. The Omega who told him so had looked so envious and told him he was lucky, so lucky.) He's almost used to the rush of panic that accompanies going into cardiac arrest despite the fact he's almost perfectly healthy. (Sometimes he swears he can feel a whir of electricity in his chest.)He has long ago accepted the fact that anyone who looks at him will know he’s an Omega; it’s the price he pays for refusing to ever go into heat. The suppressants dull the hormones that cause heats, but they also stop him from growing. He’s the same height as he was when he was seventeen. He was a decent height then so he’s not short now, but he never properly filled out. He’s small, like a good, obedient Omega should be.The Alphas in Q branch, meaning everyone in Q branch, never fail to remind him of this. He’s slowly working his way up the ladder in Q branch, but it’s rough; nobody trusts an unmated Omega boy who is barely out of his teens to do anything but be a burden. He proves them all wrong, but they refuse to acknowledge that he's smarter than them. Sometimes, when there’s nothing urgent going on he gets his revenge for their sharp comments, bruising shoulders, and wandering hands. Their cell phones lock them out for hours, their computers become unable to do anything but play cat videos on an endless loop, their keyboards shock them at unpredictable intervals, their cars’ radios play “Barbie Girl” nonstop and refuse to turn off, and their “secure” work e-mails are spammed with advertisements for knot enlargement procedures and messages from sleazy Alphas – who think they’re messaging submissive little Omegas from a dating site – promising to fill their pretty, greedy holes. He makes sure to never leave a fingerprint, physical or virtual. They’d suspect him, but he’s just an Omega: harmless. He hates the Alpha mindset of the Alpha-filled MI6, but he can’t leave. He has something to prove. One day he’s going to shove everyone’s stupid preconceived notions of Omegas up their asses and he’s going to make them bloody well like it. See how they feel about being on the receiving end. It’s barely noon. He’s in a café, watching the telly, waiting for an agent to show up. The news reporter babbles about some Mandarin. Then the screen flashes and Tony Stark appears, rattling off his address and inviting the Mandarin to come find him. An instinctual part of David demands that he go there now. He stands and starts walking without realizing it. As his hand touches the cold metal door he comes to his senses. He curses and quashes the feelings created by his biology and returns to his table. He doesn’t look at the telly anymore. The agent appears on time and David passes him a suitcase that contains a gun and some ridiculous exploding pen prototype. The agent, blond and handsome in a rugged way, smiles his thanks and turns to leave. 006, if David remembers correctly. He’s one of the few decent Alphas that David knows. He has never made any untoward remarks or unwanted advances. Nothing like Bond, whose pheromones make it blatantly clear he wouldn’t mind meeting David between the sheets.006 is on his way out the door when the café becomes dead silent. A second later someone turns the sound to the telly on. David, like everyone else, turns to watch the screen. Not that he needs to. The sudden jolt of fearhurtangershockregret that runs through him tells him everything important. The screen just fills in the blanks. Tony Stark’s home is being decimated. Tony Stark is inside. David quakes under the torrent of overwhelming feelings that Stark is unknowingly transmitting. On the screen Tony Stark falls into the water. David gasps involuntarily, desperate for oxygen even though he’s not the one drowning. His knuckles turn white from the death grip he has on the table. He tells himself that he’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
tony stark/q
Q/Alec Trevelyan
Alec Trevelyan/Steve Rogers
James Bond/Q

freeform: 
Angst
Soul Bond
Soulmates
Crossover
Alternate Universe
References to Knotting
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Q
Romance
Resentment
Sarcasm
Magical Tattoos
Friends With Benefits
Dubious Consent
Omega Verse
Rare Pairings
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
tony stark/q
Q/Alec Trevelyan
Alec Trevelyan/Steve Rogers
James Bond/Q

