Chapter 1: Leaving Beacon Hills
    




Chapter Text
 It was the last day of school before winter break and Stiles was just so damn relieved to be free that he almost didn’t see the blonde waiting for him by his jeep. The instant he did though he was running through the parking lot, graceful for once, before jumping into strong muscled arms. Clint wrapped him in a warm hug holding him as close as possible. “You’ve gotten taller kid.”
“Yeah I took a stretch.”
“It looks good.”
“Clint, can I go home now?”
“Hop in.” Clint tried to pull away from the embrace but Stiles wouldn’t let him, hanging onto his arm and diligently ignoring the stares they were getting. “I mean for good? I just want to go home, I can’t be here anymore.” His voice was cracking and he was fighting back tears, which was stupid, he hadn’t cried over this and he certainly wasn’t going to start now. “Hey it’s okay. We’ll be in New York by tomorrow. Tony’s setting up a room for you as we speak and Phil is so excited to have you. We’ll talk to your dad about letting you stay after Christmas ok?”
“No. He won’t let me stay and I need to stay Clint. I need to get away from here, things have been, not good I guess.”
“How not good Stiles? Cause I’ll be honest, I wasn’t expecting you to be this emotional.”
“They’ve been bad. I think I need new meds and another therapist and my Adderall isn’t really working properly anymore, or maybe it is but the other stuff isn’t. I just want to go home.”
“Get in the car. We’re not discussing this in the parking lot.”

 They’d arrived in New York faster than Stiles had expected, although he probably should have known better considering they were on Tony Stark’s private jet. They’d gone through introductions and how do you do’s in the Tower and now he was finally able to catch his breath. The room Tony had set up for him was more like a mini apartment than a room. It was triple the size of his room back home and it came with an en suite, a living room, a fully stocked kitchen and the hottest technology on the planet. It was heaven and Stiles could feel himself relaxing already. Grabbing his bags he threw them on the bed and started unpacking when he heard the door click. It was better to have this conversation when he had something else to focus on. 
 He could hear him wandering around the rooms, making his way slowly to the bedroom. He was sorting through his t-shirts when Uncle Phil sat down on the end of the bed. “It’s a great room Phil. Tony went way overboard but I love it.” If he could play it cool long enough Phil might give up. It had never happened before but there was always a first time for everything. “He always goes overboard and you are one of his favourite people.” He couldn’t stop the smile when Phil said that or the little snort that popped out. “I’m everyone’s favourite.”

 “Clint said you need new meds?” And there it was. “Do you remember after mom died and dad went nuts?” Stiles was doing his best not to look at Phil, he kept his body angles away so Phil wouldn’t be able to read him so easily. Mostly though, he did it because he didn’t want to watch Phil’s face while he told him. It would make everything hurt even worse than it did now. “Of course Stiles. You lived with me for nearly three years.”
He could hear the slightly incredulous tone in Phil’s voice. Phil was the most competent agent Shield ever had, he remembered everything. “Right well when I moved back in with dad he made up these rules.”
“Rules?”
“Some of them were pretty basic, like school stuff and curfew.”
“But?” Stiles let out a deep breath. This was it. Digging through his bags helped him to focus enough to get the words out. “We’re not a normal family and we never have been, but dad he really wants to be normal and he wants me to be normal. That was his first rule.” This was the really hard part, that rule made Stiles feel like he was living someone else’s life. It made him uncomfortable in his own skin, to have pretended for so long to be something he’s not. “Stiles Stilinski is not allowed to be awesome. I’m not allowed take more than one martial arts class, have more than one friend, excel in school or sport. He took all my guns away and wouldn’t let me even practice with his. I’m not supposed to hack or use a computer beyond the basics. I can’t have a boyfriend and I can’t fight back.” He could feel Phil’s attention on him, could almost map his eyes roaming across his body, looking for signs of his training. “Those are a lot of rules Stiles. Why didn’t you tell me?” He tried to shrug it off as nothing, but why hadn’t he told Phil? He couldn’t even remember anymore why he wasn’t supposed to tell Uncle Phil about the rules. “It didn’t matter. I still got holidays with you guys so I could do all that stuff with you.”
“Then what changed?”
“Scott my best friend, he got bitten by a werewolf, dad would have freaked Phil. He’d have made me move state and abandon Scott. So I didn’t tell him.” This was important enough for him to glance o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pre Derek/Stiles - Relationship
phil/clint
Stiles/OMC
Sterek endgame - Relationship
obviously - Relationship
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt Stiles
Pining Derek
Oblivious Stiles
Evil Erica (Well Really Bitchy)
Sweet Jackson
Adorable Isaac
Father Figure Phil
Bad Sheriff - Emotional Neglect
Mentions Of Canon Violence On Stiles (Beat Up)
Stiles POV
POV Derek
AU - Pack aren't canon compliant
ie S3 just killed off a buncha people!
Homophobia
Violent Aftermath - stitches blood etc
Mpreg mentioned
Evil Aunt May
dc
Batman mentions
Amazing Spiderman
OOC Scott

fandom: 
Pre Derek/Stiles - Relationship
phil/clint
Stiles/OMC
Sterek endgame - Relationship
obviously - Relationship
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson

