Work Text:
Christmas Eve found the Avengers fighting back a swarm of man-sized wasps with poison stingers in Central Park.
“Really? Christmas Eve? Christmas-fucking-Eve?” Clint exclaimed as he shot off another exploding arrow that took out two of the wasps.
“Language,” Natasha teased, “Steve doesn't like that talk.”
“Romanoff.”
“I quite like this activity!” Thor boomed over the comm unit. “On Asgard, we celebrate holidays with battles such as this! These creatures remind me of Snorgarfs! Do you have those here on Midguard?”
“Can't say we do, Point-Break,” Iron Man said as he blasted a wasp with his repulsor beams. “Cap, there's three headed your way. And they look angry.”
“I shall help you, my friend!” Thor exclaimed as he took off towards where the Captain was positioned.
“Thanks, Thor, but I think I've got it handled. Can you head over and help Widow with crowd control?”
“Copy that, my Captain!”
Flying with Mjolner over the battlefield, Thor saw countless curled-up bodies of the monstrosities, their goopy insides melting the snow that covered the park. Live man-wasps (as Tony had dubbed them) were still swarming the skies, dozens of them, and they had created a large hive on a nearby skyscraper. Hawkeye, donning his long-sleeve uniform with hood in order to keep away from poisonous stingers, was attacking the nest with exploding and gaseous arrows in an attempt to keep the swarm to a minimum. The Hulk- immune to the poison, they had found- was on the ground with the Captain, keeping the creatures at bay while Black Widow evacuated the area. It was a highly populated shopping area, of course, and seeing as how it was Christmas Eve, there was no lack in people running about. Iron Man was in the sky, shooting down the wasps that tried to breach the perimeter the Captain had set.
Thor landed next to Black Widow, Mjolner in hand. “Where do you need assistance?”
“These things are building a new hive over on that building!” Widow shouted over the clamoring cloud and buzzing creatures, pointing to a news building across the way. “The building hasn't been completely evacuated!”
“Say no more!” Thor told her, taking off once more.
True enough, the wasps had started with the makings of a new nest, right above the entry door to the news building. Behind the doors, people were screaming bloody murder, trapped inside with the monsters trying to break in.
“Never fear!” Thor exclaimed with a grin, swinging Mjolner in a circle. “This will be fun.”
With one throw, two of the wasps were taken out. This seemed to anger the remaining four, though, as they rounded on Thor with stingers aimed. Swinging out, Thor's hammer bashed one of the creatures in half, its poisonous insides splashing out onto his hand. He winced as his skin was bitten away, but pushed past the pain to finish off the other creatures. Once he found a moment's rest, Thor threw open the doors to the news station, getting lost in the flood of screaming people who ran past him.
Flying up above the crow, Thor lifted Mjolner up into the sky high above his head. Thunder and lightning crackled, and he aimed the hammer towards the wasps' nest. Just before the lightning strike, though, the man felt himself being tackled to the ground.
The wasp that had tackled him was nearly three times the size of the others, golden and black with two pairs of wings and honest-to-god fangs. It roared at him, and Thor was once more reminded of the horrible Snorgarfs from his homeland.
Suddenly, immense pain was exploding in his chest, and he threw his head back and howled. The beast had thrust its stingers between his ribs, and he felt the creature's poison filling his lungs.
“THOR!”
He didn't immediately recognize the scream, but before he could pause to try and place it, he passed out from the pain.
 
…
 
“Ugnn...”
“Don't move!” cried the voice from earlier. “You were really badly hurt. You've been out for a little over an hour.”
“The beasts?” Thor groaned as he blinked back stars, looking around him to realize he had been pulled into the news station, a feat for any mere mortal.
“It looks like the nests they built are spawning more of them. The Avengers are holding them at bay, but the Queen Wasp that attacked you is still up and roaring. Who even knew wasps could roar? I'm pretty sure they can't. Besides, they don't even have fangs. I'm pretty sure, I mean...”
Once his vision returned to him completely, Thor sat up. Pain shot through his torso, and then small hands were on his chest, trying to push him back down.
“Hey, wait! That thing stabbed you nearly in the heart! You're lucky you aren't dead.”
“I've been told I'm too stubborn to die,” Thor chuckled as he gently brushed the hands aside. And then he looked over at his savior, surprised when he saw a mere teenager.
Brown hair and brown eyes, freckles and glasses with a beanie covering his head, the boy looked like a stereotypical and normal child. The way he shifted uncomfortably showed his shyness, and he tilted his head at Thor 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Violence
Bug Guts
man-wasps
Peter is Worthy
Peter is Not an Elevator
Peter is Bad at Secret Identities
Thor Is Not Stupid
Thor Is a Good Bro
Thor Knows How to Keep Secret Identities
Daredevil is mentioned
Humor
Attempt at Humor
Thor in distress
BAMF Peter Parker
Christmas Eve
Clint Barton Just Wants a Vacation
Thor and Tony have a very different definition of 'FUN'

fandom: 
Thor & Peter Parker

