Work Text:

One.
"My apologies, Your Highness. We were unable to locate the missing robotic bird, code name Redwing, in our immediate airspace." Dr. Wu had a habit of wringing his hands when speaking with authority figures and delivering unpleasant news, both of which he was doing at the moment. "I've received reports from Mr. Lang, who discovered a melted circuit board as the cause of the harness' failure to operate. However..."T'Challa nodded encouragingly, vaguely concerned at the whitened knuckles and red fingertips from reduced circulation."However, in his effort to determine the cause of this glitch, he triggered a spark that damaged the receptors and it is my opinion that further inspections will cause more damage." Dr. Wu finally unclasped his hands and tucked them neatly behind his back. "Mr. Lang disagrees and cites our interns' inability to locate the issue initially as justification.""As it is his right to question those whose opinions differ from his, provided he applies this practice universally. Thank you for your service, Dr. Wu." T'Challa said, making a mental note to provide Mr. Wilson with literature detailing Wakanda's varied avian wildlife in order encourage his new hobby. 
Two.
"The number of trespassing attempts was similar to those of previous months, Your Highness. Those who dared break Wakanda's laws greatly regret their decision. We have done our country proud." Okoye reported, positioning her body into a bow and waiting for her King's dismissal.T'Challa studied one of his most trusted guards; for someone who valued efficiency and effectiveness, she had essentially given him an empty update with no new information. What wasn't she saying? He reviewed the possibilities in his mind, "I trust you've identified the trespassers and their objectives.""She identified herself indirectly, though we had our doubts as she was easily blinded by her hubris. We have corrected her of that misunderstanding." A vicious sort of glee danced within Okoye's eyes. "We are investigating the nature of her visit.""As my father used to say, mistakes are opportunities to learn." T'Challa mused, "You've done well, thank you." 
Three.
"If you value the infrastructure of the very building sheltering us from the elements, you'd do well to enforce discipline on one of your guests." Zawavari stated bluntly after they finalized details of the upcoming offering ceremony for the Panther God. His status as T'Challa's mentor and court sorcerer afforded him certain leeway."I was under the impression your protection runes could contain the magical fallout." T'Challa frowned, he had received numerous accounts of the Scarlet Witch's volatile mental state and slippery grasp on her powers through guards and staff. "The current runes will contain the destruction of an outward expulsion of her powers, but an implosion, one where the user is likely to be consumed, is an unknown at this time. I would like permission to utilize additional runes and glyphs in order to limit the damage.""It sounds like the only sensible course of action," T'Challa replied, eyes narrowing as he considered Zawavari's recommendation, "I advise you to dispense with the false timidity, I am your King and do not need to be coddled through decision making."Zawavari seemed relieved, if anything, at T'Challa's stern words and assertion of his authority. "Of course, my King." 
Four.
"Your Highness, Mr. Barton is requesting replacement weapons," Ayo said, the lowered pitch of her voice an indicator of her displeasure. "Again.""Again?" T'Challa raised an eyebrow. "Another mechanical malfunction?""No, Mr. Barton finds the bow and arrows insufficient compared to his previous set. He wonders if the workshop could create something more fitting to his expertise." Her eyes glinted murderously. "I have denied his request and ignored his unsubtle probe at our defense development. I've also informed Mr. Barton that our armed forces use similar equipment to what he has been provided.""For practice, they use similar equipment for practice. Your skills of prevarication have improved since our guests' arrival." "I spoke only facts." Ayo replied smoothly. "Practice weapons are appropriate for Mr. Barton's current status as a houseguest." "Indeed." T'Challa nodded.  
Five.
Shuri entered his study unceremoniously and T'Challa held back his reprimand when he saw the tenseness in her stance. "Brother, it appears your freeloaders have learned the whereabouts of their spider. They are putting together a rescue effort."Childhood memories taught T'Challa this particular smile of hers spelled doom for those who dared to go against her. Fortunately, they shared the same objective and wanted the same outcome. "Let them come. Mistakes are opportunities to-""-learn." Shuri supplied seamlessly, "as father taught us.""I believe it is time our guests are given that opportunity. Do you agree, Sister?""Wholeheartedly." T'Challa and Shuri exited the study and proceeded to the throne room wher
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pro-Accords
Not A Fix-It
Wakanda
5+1

fandom: 
None
