Chapter 1: December Thirty-first
    




Chapter Text
New Year’s EvePeter got in to Tony Stark’s infamously fabulous New Year’s Eve party, held every year in the glittering Avengers Tower, on a technicality. Okay, so the technicality was that he was Spiderman, and there had been a blanket invitation to every super in New York to the party, but it was still a technicality. If Tony Stark, world-famous scientist, billionaire, former CEO of a fortune-500 company, and Iron Man had known that Spiderman was really dinky ol’ Peter Parker, photographer for the Daily Bugle, who would sell his soul and left testicle for a job where he didn’t have to pawn off pictures of himself in spandex to a sadist with a Hitler ‘stache, well, there was no way that Peter would have been let in.But he was. Let in, that is. Through the window.What else was he supposed to do on New Year’s eve? Aunt May had the late shift at the hospital. It wasn’t like Peter had a great abundance of friends. At least, not as Peter. Not anymore. And at least at Tony Stark’s party there was guaranteed to be good booze. And other superheroes. His people.His people.And Deadpool was there, and Peter might have been nursing a crush the size of Wisconsin on the killer for hire, so there was all the reason he needed. To show up at a New Year’s Eve party in his spidey-suit. Amongst lots of supers who did not, in fact, have secret identities. Not amongst each other. Peter looked around. The Avengers were scattered amongst other heroes and their civilian friends alike. Pepper Potts was in a corner with Clint Barton, telling him a story that required making blasting motions with her hands, as if imitating Iron Man's hand repulsors, and crossing her eyes. Clint was laughing so hard he was almost doubled over. Bruce Banner was making small talk with a man and woman whose voices Peter recognized as belonging to Ant-Man and the Wasp. Thor was trying to arm wrestle a combination of the Falcon, War Machine, and Power Man. Peter recognized Jessica Jones nursing a bottle (a whole bottle!) of Jack in the corner while listening with great interest as Natasha Romanov and the Vision took turns trying to one up each other with fantastically witty remarks, all said with flat, even expressions. Steve Rogers and Tony Stark himself were chatting with Foggy Nelson, of the law firm Nelson and Murdock. Matt Murdock was busy elsewhere, talking with Scarlet Witch, whose first name Peter still had yet to learn. There were others, lots of others, scattered across the room, but Peter was struck once more by the lack of masks he was seeing. Did everybody else know each other? That thought made him inexplicably sad.“Awkward,” Peter muttered as he looked around the room. “Well,” Peter said to himself, “this is what you get for having to protect your loved ones, and also wanting to get wasted on ritzy booze.”“If you are looking to partake in the libations,” said a British voice that sounded like it was coming from the ceiling, “might I suggest beginning the evening by the open bar?”“Uh,” Peter said, “am I hallucinating a helpful yet bodiless Jeeves?”“Not at all, Mister Spiderman,” said the British voice in a neutral tone, a voice with only the barest hints of affability, “I am merely Jarvis, an Artificial Intelligence created by Mister Stark.”Peter’s eyes grew wide beneath the mask. “Woah. Really? Really-really? I didn’t know anyone was—”“Spidey!” shouted a voice, interrupting Peter mid-squeal, and Peter whipped around to see Deadpool bounding towards him. He was wearing his costume, in its full katana’d glory, and that made Peter feel slightly better about being wrapped in his own spandex. Peter's shoulders unbunched with something like relief. Something he was unwilling to examine too closely.He was at least willing to admit, to himself, that he had a crush on the merc. The thought that his feelings for the man exceeded that, were something larger, more effervescent, well, he was going to ignore that thought for as long as possible.He knew Deadpool returned the sentiment, at least on a base level. Wade Wilson never gave up an opportunity to compliment, Peter's, ahh, assets.Or, well, Spiderman's assets.That was part of the problem. No one, absolutely no one knew that Spiderman was Peter Parker. And Peter was absolutely positive that if Wade ever found out Spiderman was such a nerd he'd have less than zero chances with the man.And he liked Wade. Wade was funny and generous, even under the guise of being rude. Not that he wasn't rude, because he was, but he was kind too. The Merc had grown on Peter. Barely constrained toleration for the un-aliver had given way to something like friendship after long nights taking down baddies together, and then sitting on roofs eating tacos or burgers or hotdogs or gyros or sweet and sour chicken or anything else, and everything in between. They were friends. They could hang out (at Wade's apartment) and watch Golden Girls or the Bourne series or make fun of a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
New Year's Eve
New Years
Drunk Sex
Drunken Kissing
Getting Together
Secret Identity
Secret Crush
Angst
Humor
Lies
Confusion
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Assumptions
Slow Burn
Not copy to another site
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

