Work Text:
Steve had seen a lot of shit in the military. Grenades and tanks were not forgiving to the human body. He had seen countless mutilated corpses and mass graves, POW's that had been tortured out of their minds and starving victims of concentration camps. He had seen dead children and the parents that held their bodies, sobbing and wailing for lives lost. All lives were precious, in Steve's opinion.
That didn't mean he hadn't thought about taking his own before.
When he first woke up in the 21st century, Steve had highly considered jumping off a building or taking a bullet to the brain- both perhaps strong enough to kill him. He missed Bucky, missed Peggy- and then he realized that when he did meet up with the two in the afterlife, they would collectively kick his ass for doing that to himself.
So Steve didn't look down on the veterans that came into Sam's meetings with scars and fresh cuts on their wrists, drug and booze addictions, and broken hearts. He had been there, too. His coping mechanisms involved punching the living daylights out of sandbags. Hell, he still had flashbacks when the winter nights were too cold, when he saw someone fall from deathly heights. Typically they only lasted for a few moments, but after fighting an ice monster several weeks ago, Steve had been encased in a block of ice for a half hour. It would have killed a normal person, but for Steve, it merely knocked him into a PTSD-induced flashback for nearly an hour. When he woke up, Sam was rearing to drag him to meetings every week.
Steve only agreed to go when Bucky mentioned he would like to try it out, too.
Now, a day before New Year's Eve found Steve cursing and fighting the urge to kick at the snow. He had told Bucky and Steve to go on ahead of him back to the Tower. He had promised to stay back and speak with a young cadet who had grown up a fan of Captain America and wanted to know how he slept at night. Steve didn't regret staying behind to speak with the lad. In fact, he was considering doing it more often. But now he was stranded at the Rec center, seeing as how his motorcycle was being a stubborn bastard and refusing to start.
“You're Captain America.”
It was a common sentence that Steve heard, but typically it was phrased in a question format. He turned and saw the lanky brunet that Bucky had befriended several days ago. The kid was wrapped up in a scarf, beanie, and heavy coat against the heavy snow that surrounded them.
“Yeah,” Steve said bashfully when he realized the kid was waiting for a response.
“Huh. That's cool.”
The deadpan way the boy said it made Steve chuckle. “Thanks. But you can just call me Steve.”
“Peter,” the boy supplied. He tilted his head to peer around Steve to where the man's bike was propped up on its kickstand. “Bike not working?”
“Ah- no. It doesn't seem to want to start.”
The boy hummed. “Mind if I take a look?”
Taking a step back, Steve gestured to the bike. “Be my guest.” As Peter walked around the bike, studying its wheels and touching the front hood with precision, Steve felt the need to explain himself. “I had a bike way back when, but these things have updated since the 40's. I haven't really had time to update my own knowledge on them, either.”
Peter shrugged. “Engineering isn't for everyone.”
“But it is for you?”
“Hm,” the boy hummed, pushing his glasses up on his nose. “Mind if I take a look under the hood?”
Again, Steve gestured for Peter to take over, and the teenager lifted the small hood of the motorcycle to peer inside. “I think the oil's thickened up. A heat lamp should fix it up pretty easy, if you've got one.”
“So until I get a heat lamp, I'm stranded?”
Peter shrugged. “Could always take the subway. I'm headed that way if you wanna join? You could grab something from your house and come right back for the bike. This isn't a bad neighborhood, and besides- it can't start up. It should be fine.”
Might as well. The bike would be fine, like Peter said, and company was always welcome in the winter. It helped Steve stay rooted, talking to someone, and made the cold more bearable.
The walk to the nearest subway was rather short. Steve had always been told his pace was too long and too fast, but Peter seemed to have no issues keeping up. The kid didn't seem like the most athletic of people, but looks were deceiving, Steve knew from prior experience.
“Where're you from, kid?”
“Queens. You?”
Steve grinned. “Brooklyn. Born and raised.”
Peter gave a smile at that. “That's cool.” It was brighter than the deadpanned voice from earlier, and Steve took that as a compliment.
The silence between them was comfortable as they descended into the subway station. It was rather crowded, being late in the afternoon on a Friday, and Steve made sure to keep an eye on his companion. It would be easier to keep track of the short teenager if he was talking...
“So you like engineering?”
The teenager's face lit up like it was Christmas, and he began blabbering on about some sort of invention he had cr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker

freeform: 
mentioned sexual abuse
Sexual Abuse
sexual abuse of a minor
PTSD
Flashbacks
Mentions of blood and gore
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Feels
Genius Peter Parker
pervert warning
copping a feel of a minor
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Captain America fanboy
but he hides it well
Mentions of Rape
Steve Rogers is a Feminist
fight me

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker

