Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text



Dysfunctional Families


 
“-so then I said-”There’s a very (very) slight noise over the comms. One that speaks volumes more about Phil’s frustration than the inscrutable agent would have liked. “Hawkeye, do actually know what radio silence means?”Clint smiles to himself and checks his watch, seventeen minutes. It’s not a record, but it’s nothing to be ashamed of either. “I’m pretty sure it means you shouldn’t be using the comms, sir,” he says blandly.There’s another choked noise of frustration and a muted snort, which can only mean Natasha has hacked into their private line. Again.Clint goes silent, mind racing, trying to think of everything he’s done and said over this line and just how bad that security breach really is. He doesn’t actually care of course, he’s got more than a slight exhibitionist streak, but Phil will be furious and he hates it when Phil is pissed at him. Before he can think of anything to say to mitigate the damage however, there’s a crackle on the main Avengers line and Steve’s low voice says, “We’ve got hostiles on the move.”“Hold your position,” Phil says, attention instantly diverted. Clint feels a low, warm buzz of familiar, well-worn lust. He loves it when Phil is perfectly calm and commanding. “Draw them out. I want to be able to see what we’re dealing with before we engage. Intel says they’ve been reverse engineering the science behind Loki’s last…” there’s a small, but definite pause, “prank,” Phil finishes at last. “We don’t want to bite off more than we can chew.”“Roger that,” Steve says.Clint readies himself, feeling his body sink into the calm and stillness he always feels when the target is near. Down below him, easily visible over the lip of the half crumbled wall behind which he is lying, he can easily make out the targets. Without their usual ridiculous AIM issue beekeeping get-up, they look like four ordinary men. Clint’s eyes sweep over them, noting what he can out of habit. He identifies the leader, obvious with all the heads angled in his direction, easily enough.Slowly, too slowly to draw attention to the movement, Clint nocks an arrow and pulls back the string. It isn’t taut enough to strain his muscles. “I have the shot, sir,” he says, voice low by habit, even though there’s no chance they can hear him.“Wait for my word, Hawkeye,” Phil says, voice just as low. “Widow?”Natasha makes a small affirmative noise. Clint can see her, mere feet away from their targets, and all but hidden in the shadow of a tall building unless someone looked right at her.“How many of them do you see?”“Four,” she breathes.“Four,” Clint confirms without waiting to be asked.There’s another silence. Clint can picture the expression on Phil’s face right now, the tiny furrow that will have appeared between his eyes as he correlates everything he knows and decides on the best of his pre-considered ideas. “All right,” he says after a moment, and Clint knows he isn’t imagining the satisfaction in his tone. “Take them down. Alive if possible. SHIELD wants them for questioning.”He’s barely finished speaking before Clint is letting his arrow fly. It’s one of the tranquilising arrows he usually uses for the Hulk but with a dosage packet that won’t be deadly to a regular human. It imbeds itself in the leader’s shoulder and there’s a beat where the others just stare at the arrow suddenly blossoming out of the man’s jacket, clearly uncomprehending. Then Natasha comes whirling out of the shadows. She almost looks like she’s dancing, so graceful are her movements, but her spinning kicks are lethal, pulled only enough to leave the men unconscious and not dead.They barely need Steve, who comes barrelling out of his own hiding place, shield in hand, just in time to stop the one Natasha is toying with from escaping with a hard knock to the head. Natasha raises an eyebrow at Steve which expresses, more clearly than words ever could, how disappointed she is at having her fun cut short.Clint laughs and rappels down from the building in easy movements. He almost wishes they had brought Banner and Stark. They are – without doubt – the two worst people ever on covert ops, and he says that knowing full well how awful he is, and that his team leader is literally, and unsubtly, dressed like the flag. But this mission had been easy, and fun, and the only thing missing is the rest of his team.“So, ice cream?” he asks, nonchalantly, as he drops to one knee to begin securing their targets for transport.Natasha drops to help him. “Real food, Barton. I’m hungry.”Clint smirks and leans over to roll the leader onto his back to search his pockets for anything that might be used to affect an escape. “I didn’t think these morons put up enough of a fight for you to work up an appet-” he starts, then freezes. He takes the leader’s jaw in one hand, turning it one way and then another.“What?” Natasha is looking at him anxiously, and at her tone, Steve turns from where he is scanning for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Kidfic
deaged
deaged!Phil
Phil's family kind of suck
Clint should really do his paperwork on time
Mini Phil has an awkward crush on Steve and Clint is sad about it
I do not see this as an abuse fic
but your mileage may vary
I am not kidding when I say Phil's family sucks

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

