Work Text:
It’s an awful, terrible, wonderful, goddamned stupid idea and she is pretty sure it’s going to end badly, but she is still standing there. Why she agreed to Bucky’s game she will never know. No, that’s a fucking big fat lie. She is here because she wants this, has wanted Steve since she met him and never in a million years thought Steve would want her back, and Bucky is...well Bucky; he is the dark to Steve’s light. He is tightly contained—in control of himself— but she’s seen the darkness lurking, and seen the other shades of James Buchanan Barnes.In the Tower and in Headquarters he’s as cold as his alter ego, but alone with Steve and since he allowed Darcy a small place in their world, he is different again. Layers peel away and Steve says it’s then that he is the real Bucky, not James or the Winter Soldier, but the kid he grew up with, the man he fought alongside, the man who died for him, and held a gun against him. She often wonders how to categorize Steve and Bucky’s relationship.They are together, their history, life and deaths, is so tightly bound together they couldn’t be anything but together in her mind. She isn’t sure where that leaves her, but they have allowed her to seep into the nooks and crannies of their lives. They cook dinner together, watch old movies with Darcy curled between them as if she were something they needed to cling to, to cherish and protect, maybe help keep them grounded when the world is full of superheroes and monsters.She is starting to doubt being here and takes a deep breath. She can do this, if this is what Steve wants—what they want— then she wants it too. Darcy presses the buzzer and checks her lipstick one last time in the reflection of her phone, tightens the belt of her purple raincoat, and straightens to her full height of not very much. She can hear voices murmuring behind the door before it opens and Steve is smiling at her. Her belly flips, her heart leaps into her throat and she can’t remember what she was going to say.“Darcy, I didn’t know you were coming over tonight,” Steve says, brow furrowed as he steps aside to let her in. She glances round to see Bucky lounging on the couch, eyes heavy lidded, smirk curving his mouth up on one side, and a red lollipop twirling between the fingers of his synthetic hand. His chest is bare; he rarely ever wears a shirt in the apartment unless it’s cold. He and Steve have such an aversion to cold that she sometimes wonders if she should lend them her collection of thrift store sweaters.“Happy Birthday, punk. I got you a present,” Bucky grins wider, popping the sucker into his mouth as he gets to his feet.“It’s not my birthday,” Steve frowns and turns to arch an unamused brow at Bucky.“No, but I still gotcha a present to unwrap,” Bucky grins unrepentant, the sucker stuck in his cheek, a slick of red staining his bottom lip. He jerks his chin in Darcy’s direction and Steve’s brow furrows deeper. He looks at Bucky sharply, before his eyes land on her.“A present?” he asks, eyebrows raised and Darcy wets her bottom lip.The waxy taste of the lipstick settles on her tongue before she can find her voice. “Me.”“What?” Steve says, there is color high in his cheeks and he glares at Bucky. Darcy leans up and kisses Steve’s cheek and slips past him to head down the hall, her heels click smartly on the floor. Bucky whistles low, and she knows the seamed stockings were worth it. She pushes open Steve’s bedroom door and tugs at the knot in her belt, it’s stuck and she swears under her breath digging her nails into the cotton until the knot gives up. She slips the coat off and drapes it over the plush leather chair in the corner. Steve is still arguing with Bucky down the hall, so she takes the moment to fluff her hair in the dresser mirror, adjust her breasts so they sit just right, run her fingers down along the ribbon down the front of the corset. The lingerie is a dark navy blue, with red stitching around the edges, matching panties and a garter belt. It’s the most expensive thing she has ever owned, and she’s never felt this sexy in her life. When Bucky gave her his credit card and told her to buy some new panties with it, well she had to have it."Darcy you don.....Oh," Steve says, and she watches in the mirror as he steps into the room and stops dead, his jaw working but no sound coming out. Darcy turns around leaning back against the dresser for support."Jesus fucking Christ, kitten. You're gonna make the punk cream his shorts," Bucky grins over Steve’s shoulder, like the cat that ate the canary, drank the cream, and waltzed around carousing all night."Fuck you," Steve says and visibly shakes himself. "You can fuck me, but I think you'd rather fuck her first, commander. Look how pretty our girl is, all for you," Buck says with a feral grin stalking across the room. Darcy bites her lip, a wave of nervousness washing over her as Bucky wraps his arm around her waist and kisses her. He bites her lip and Darcy gasps as he lick
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James 'Bucky' Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Plot What Plot
Fluff and Smut
Sexual Content
Feels
Banter
Awkwardness
Companionable Snark
Snark
Threesome - F/M/M
Pining
Resolved Sexual Tension

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James 'Bucky' Barnes/Darcy Lewis

