Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony isn’t exactly well known for his obedience and ability to take orders- actually he’s straight up known to be the exact opposite of that. Before he put a public claim on his orientation most people assumed he was a Dom, maybe a switch, but most thought he was neutral because he seemed to show no appreciation for any role. That was in large part because he’s not exactly had very good experiences and contrary to popular assumptions about subs they weren’t these demure toys that Doms could do whatever the hell they wanted with. There were some that enjoyed that of course, but they were still living breathing people who had lives, interests, and personalities. Doms, in Tony’s experience, were looking for sex dolls instead of subs and he was not going to be anyone’s toy thank you. His Dom either respected him or they could fuck off.Over the years that has gotten him into a lot of trouble because most didn’t agree with him- subs were there to serve their Doms right? Wrong, they were there to exist in a symbiotic relationship, not a relationship where it’s all give and no take for the sub. After Howard, Obi, and the handful of people he’s dated he was more than a little done with that crap and sue him if he was a little on edge basically all of the time around Doms. Rhodey was the exception but that was because he understood Tony and he worked with him, no one else did that.Needless to say Tony didn’t much expect that he had one of those bonds with your supposedly perfect Dom or switch or whomever because he had no real interest in that kind of relationship, at least until he met T’Challa. The last thing he expects is to land on his knees.*T’Challa was not certain about his father’s plan to lead Wakanda back into the rest of the world’s politics. Wakanda was well organized and self-sustaining, even with the country’s issues they were still far less chaotic than most of the other countries T’Challa has had to witness politically. He has always been curious though, and willing to travel so his father decided to send him out to make their political ties. T’Challa suspects this is his father’s way of teaching him political responsibility while also indulging his wants outside of his eventual rule over Wakanda but he takes it because it was the best he was going to get. The last thing he expected out of a trip to America was Tony Stark.He had heard of the plucky sub of course- the media seemed to love him and hate him in equal parts depending on which way that media outlet leaned politically. Some liked to think Stark was a no good sub because, and this was only T’Challa’s interpretation, he had standards for his Doms to meet, and others thought that was a good thing. There were various groups in between that noted that Stark was an ass but his not giving in to ever Dom’s whim was not one of the things that made him an ass. T’Challa had ignored most of the information on him because he was not relevant politically and therefore was not on his radar of people to talk to. That is at least until he finds the man on his knees in front of him, drawn downward as if against his will.The action makes T’Challa uncomfortable even though he feels that warm feeling his father described to him once, the one you got when you met your match. Tony looks pretty there with his head bowed, position perfect, and T’Challa opens his mouth to tell the poor sub to get up when some twit reaches out to touch him. He would have been happy to handle that on his own but Tony does it for him, smacking the other Dom’s hand away in disgust, “ew, not for you. As if,” he says, rolling his eyes and getting to his feet. T’Challa’s lips twitch up some as the other Dom gives Tony an offended look.“He didn’t say you could get up,” the Dom says and Tony snorts.“The hell does he look like? My goddamn keeper? Uh, no. Lets get that clear now, FYI,” Tony says, the last bit directed towards T’Challa.“What is ‘FYI’?” he asks. Letters and symbols were used completely differently in America and other nations than they were in Wakanda and he was by no means used to it, especially used in common speech the way Tony just used them.“For your information,” Tony says, frowning at him a little because the knowledge must be assumed common knowledge here. That was useful to know, if a little too late.“Lovely. I am T’Challa, Prince of Wakanda and it appears that we need to have a conversation,” he says.“No we don’t,” Tony says and with that he walks away, leaving T’Challa with somewhat mixed messages.“You’re just going to let him walk away?” the other Dom says, disapproval written on her features clearly.T’Challa rolls his eyes, “as apposed to what, pray tell? Forcing him to speak with me? Not only does that violate him on several different levels but it also does not foster healthy connections. If he would like to talk to me he can find me later,” he says and he walks away too, shocked once again by American culture. Most other countries seemed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Consent Issues
not with the pairing though
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Hurt Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
T'Challa Is A Good Man
Sub Tony Stark
Dom/sub
Dom T'Challa
more implied kink than actual kink
i might do more of this though

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa

