Work Text:
It's freezing.It's January.It's actually snowing.And yet Peter is outside, in a thin superhero suit and nothing else, swinging around the city looking for (probably non-existent) bad guys.Like a complete moron.Peter decides that he needs to regain at least a little body temperature before he continues to move that fast through the biting wind, and lands on a rooftop, shivering. He hunkers down underneath a water butt, where there's a little less snow on the ground, and rubs his arms for a couple of futile minutes before rolling his mask up to his nose and blowing on his hands.It warms them better than it would through the mask - a lot better, actually, since the mask just absorbs the heat itself and leaves nothing for his hands - but it has the unfortunate side effect of making his lower face feel like it's more related to the Antarctic than Aunt May."You look cold," a voice says cheerily. Peter looks up to see Deadpool, one hand on the water butt. . . thing (is it even called a water butt?) as he ducks down to smile through his mask at him."There's a reason for that," Peter mutters. "It starts with b and ends in ecause it's minus three thousand degrees out and snowing, and I may have a healing ability but it doesn't generate enough warmth to make up for it.""That's a bit of a mouthful," Deadpool comments, deciding to join Peter under the water butt. The wind howls around them, and Peter returns his gaze to their surroundings when it becomes obvious that Deadpool is just content to sit there. (Fuck him and his warm-looking green mercenary jacket.)The wind howls again as he turns his head more towards the light, and the water butt creaks ominously. Peter sighs heavily onto his hands and wonders if he should leave just in case, or if he should for once trust in Queens' water-butt-building skills.Out of the corner of his eye he sees Deadpool do such a huge double-take it makes Peter jump out of his skin. He shoots a wide-eyed look the older man's way, even though he can't see it, and is just opening his mouth to ask what alarmed him when -"Your lips are fucking blue, Spidey!" Deadpool shrieks, pointing wildly. "How long have you been out here?"Peter grimaces at the accusation and yanks his mask down again like it'll help abort the conversation. "I dunno. What time is it?"Deadpool repeats the question under his breath incredulously, and sourly moves the sleeve of his suit aside so he can read off of the Adventure Time watch. "Six-fifteen in the morning. Just gettin' light.""Mmm." Peter hums. He quickly does the maths in his head. "I've been out since ten yesterday evening, so eight hours and a quarter, I guess?"Deadpool makes a high-pitched, alarmed noise, then another one when Peter shrugs and goes to do another patrol. "Where are you going?""Gonna patrol again. Why?""Your lips are blue. You can't patrol!"Peter glares. "Watch me, asshole," he hisses, and pads to the roof. He's stronger than Deadpool, and he's pretty sure he's faster - he can get away if the man gives chase. If not, then Peter gets to preserve energy. Win-win, right?He hears a loud sigh, then a weird rustle and footsteps.Peter keeps walking. He doesn't turn around."At least take my jacket," Deadpool says from behind him, and if not for his enhanced reflexes Peter might have actually tripped over his own feet in surprise.He whirls around to stare at Deadpool. "What?"Deadpool looks away, at the Empire State Building in the distance, but he wiggles the jacket in his hand insistently. "Take it."Peter stretches a hand out hesitantly, sinks his fingers into the fabric, then takes it quickly, ignoring the way Deadpool's head snaps around in surprise. It's still warm from where Deadpool was wearing it (Jesus, how hot does that guy run?), so he pulls it on as fast as possible and hugs it tighter to himself.There's a snort of laughter, and when he looks up Deadpool's lowering his phone with a grin Peter can see through the mask."Shut up," Peter says eloquently.Deadpool laughs outright, suit crinkling around his eyes, and salutes him. "You got it, jacket monster.""Ugh," Peter says, and jumps off the roof.--Three days later, the light (ish) snowfall has transformed into what's nearly a blizzard, and Peter's hurrying through the street in civvies, heading for a coffeeshop he likes that's further away from where he lives but serves better coffee for a cheaper price and is generally much quieter.None of his coats were warm enough - he is but a lowly teacher, after all, it's not like he can afford an adequate one - so Peter's chosen to half-drown in Deadpool's Coat Of Endless Warmth for today.He stuff his hands in the pockets as he pushes the door open, sinking his face into the gap between the zip and his neck. His fingers are met with three errant bullet shells in one and the hard ridges of knives sewed into the seams of each, and abruptly realises he might have left his wallet back in his flat.Peter scowls even as he shuffles forwards in line. "Sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Coffee Shop
Coffee
grumpy Peter
Wade's Jacket
Jacket sharing
i mean peter has to give it back at some point
right???
anyway
Snow
Cold
Identity Reveal
Teacher Peter
Not an AU he's just a teacher
it's barely mentioned tbh
Sass
Sassy Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

