Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He never remembered the impact.  
But at the bottom of the chasm, consciousness ebbed and 
flowed through Bucky like elusive smoke.  An indescribable combination of 
numbness and agonizing pain warred with his senses.  Cold itself was a living 
thing set on consuming him with icy teeth while it lulled him to sleep.  When he 
opened his eyes, a whiteness so bright that it was painful assaulted him.  He 
felt so tired, his body heavy with exhaustion, yet so cold as if his blood 
itself was half-frozen slush crawling sluggishly through his veins.  
The telegraph… it was on his thigh… Maybe, if he could just 
reach it, then he could signal the others.  But when he tried to move his arm, 
he was rewarded with only a fresh flare of pain and a flash of red behind his 
eyes as consciousness left him again like a breath. 
*
Figures backlit against the bleak sun and snow crowded 
around him, murmuring in … Russian?  
Hope fluttered briefly through his heart, and then he was 
moving, being drug across the snow.  A smear of red… 
*
Pain – more excruciating than being shot or stabbed hit him 
like a live wire.  It felt like someone had wrenched out his heart.  


Something’swrongsomething’swrongSteve’shurthe’shurthe’Sgonehe’SGONEHE’SGONE!!!

His body sat bolt upright as a scream tore from his throat 
“STEVE!!!!!”
<“Why is he awake?  It is too soon!  Put him back 
under!  Now!”> 
This time he struggled against the hungry blackness, even 
though it was physically painful to be awake.  Something was wrong – something 
was terribly wrong with Steve.  It felt like he had been ripped out 
of him, it felt like… like… his thoughts grew sluggish and the clawing darkness 
was winning.  No, he had to get to him, he had to… had to… 
to…
*
The next time Bucky woke, the crawl to consciousness was 
agonizing.  His thoughts drifted in and out of a mire of nonsense, half-dreams 
and confused, conflicting memories.  The sleep in his veins threatened to pull 
him back under even as he fought to focus his delirious mind on forming even a 
basic sense of identity and location. But ultimately, it was the pain that 
collected his scattered thoughts.  Cold had bitten him down to the bone, every 
muscle in his body ached, his skin stung as if sensation had newly returned to 
cold-deadened flesh, and the blood slogged through his veins as if it carried 
with it a million tiny shards of glass.  
Voices carried on a conversation around him, but the sounds 
were swimmy, as if he were listening to them from under water.  
Every defensive impulse in his body wanted to sink back 
into blissful oblivion, but three facts assaulted him, flooding him with panic 
and banished the threat of sleep.  
1. He had fallen impossibly far from the train.
2. He should be dead.
3. He wasn’t. 
Those realizations unleashed a flood of memory, confusion 
and worry in a chain reaction.  How was he still alive?  Who had brought him 
here?  Where was here?  Where was Steve?  How long had he been out?  
As he attempted to shift, every joint protested, feeling 
stiff and “C-cold…” Bucky’s voice cracked weakly.  The voices cut off sharply, 
replaced with the sound of footsteps.  
Whiteness filled him as his eyelids were drawn open and a 
light shone in his eyes.  Hot fingers pressed against the side of his throat, 
taking his pulse.  And when the spots faded and the room stopped swimming, the 
dark shapes began to coalesce into people.    
Two men stood over him, wearing Soviet military uniforms, 
and seemed to be checking his vitals as they removed an IV line from his 
forearm.  
“Lay back, do not struggle.  You are still very weak.”  One 
of them said with a thick accent.  
Relief flooded Bucky.  He was safe.  The Soviets – God 
bless the fuckin’ Soviets.  
He rested back against the table, forcing himself to 
concentrate on his surroundings to keep from slipping back into sleep.  
Bleariness gradually resolved itself into a large, round room with high 
ceilings, concrete floors and ducts and piping running over the walls.  A cart 
with a tray of medical tools was parked to his right next to the IV stand.  And 
beyond that, a man in an officer’s uniform stood near a large metal chamber with 
a frosted glass door, speaking to another soldier wearing a red beret and 
writing in a clipboard.  A few signs in Cyrillic confirmed his identification of 
his saviors.  He could just make out a second level with grated catwalks and 
metal railings before the fuzziness of his vision obscured any further details. 

Bucky rested his eyes, processing.  The facility looked 
industrial: not a typical medical bay; definitely military.  Maybe there hadn’t 
been time to get him to a hospital.  
Shit, had they seen?? Panic flooded him anew as he 
looked down at himself.  
Thank God: he was dressed and he could still feel the 
bindings around his tail.  Medical restraints had been secured around his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements
Internalized Homophobia
Occult
Period-Typical Homophobia
Demons
demon!Bucky
Succubus!Bucky
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Anal Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Oral Sex
Succubi & Incubi
Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Gang Rape
Psychological Torture
Male lubrication
Transformation
Body Dysphoria
Body Horror
Canon-Typical Violence
Lust
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Pheromones
Aphrodisiacs
Dehumanization
Humiliation
Torture
Fuck Or Die
Creature Fic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

