Work Text:
“But if I went in with Sam, Nat and Wanda we could have the whole cell destroyed in less ti-”
“So do you not listen when Captain Marvel talks, or is it yourself that you’re not hearing?”
“Thank you, Spider-Man, but I’m perfectly capable of handling this.”
“Sorry. Mostly. I guess?” Steve eyed the costumed teen with a growing amount of dislike as he verbally waffled. Sure the kid had some spunk and the kind of signature New York City can-do-attitude that Steve could appreciate, but he was also extremely irritating. He messed around almost as much as Tony, and the new team almost never called him on it. Not only that, but he couldn’t even join them on the field to make up for all his faults; it made Steve wonder if this whole training program the New Avengers had set up for younger heroes was really worth it. When Spider-Man waggled his fingers at him in a parody of a wave, Steve snorted in disgust and turned his attention back to the woman sitting across the table from him.
“Like I was saying, Carol-”
“Captain Marvel!”
“… excuse me?”
“In meetings we use our super-names! Remember?” Kamala at least wasn’t as grating as Spider-Man, but she still inserted herself into his business far too often. She was only a kid, but she seemed to think she had the right to correct him – in his day, youngsters knew how to show respect. “So Spider-Man doesn’t feel weird being the only one with a secret identity.” The girl was obsessed with making sure no one felt ‘weird’; when Spider-Man was around, she even went so far as to wear her costume constantly so the boy didn’t stick out quite so much. “So for now it’s Captain Marvel, Cap!”
“Fine. Whatever. The point,” fuck, he missed being team leader. Meetings had never gotten out of hand like this when he was running them. But he would show them all he could play their game – he would. Then, when this stupid ‘test’ was over, they’d be able to admit he belonged in charge without damaging their fragile egos. He just had to hold on until then. “The point, Captain Marvel, is that it doesn’t make sense for me to go in as an advisor. Not when I could take out enemy operations with ease without the national army being anywhere near the place. Just seems like we’re putting a lot of lives on the line for no good reason, ma’am.”
Despite his irritation with the whole situation, he did his best to keep his voice even and respectful. He didn’t mind taking orders from a dame, and he wouldn’t give anyone an excuse to claim otherwise. Tony would enjoy it too much, would delight in pointing out that his ‘40s sensibilities’ were getting in the way of him being a team player. He wasn’t going to give Tony the satisfaction, and he was going to see this through.
Even if she often looked at him in a slow, assessing way that made him feel like snarling.
“That may be your opinion, Captain America, but we were specifically called in to fill an advisory role. I had planned on sending Vision, but Rho- War Machine,” she interrupted herself before Kamala could, sending the girl a warm smile. “Suggested I tap you. You have a good grasp of tactics, and if things go to hell despite the army’s best efforts, you’ll be able to handle yourself.”
“But why can’t I just take a team and deal with the threat?”
That slow, careful look again, and Steve hated it. Carol Danvers was alright, really, and he would have loved it if she’d been on the Avengers back when he was at the helm. She was calm in a crisis, respected the chain of command, and packed a helluva punch. The problem was that she was a bit too hesitant as a leader, in his opinion, too careful in a way that endangered them all instead of helping the situation. She was Tony’s exact opposite in many ways, and yet had the same look in her eyes as his sadly misguided friend when she met his gaze. It was a look that suggested she thought he was an idiot, and was trying to come up with a tactful way of letting him know that.
At least she was better than Tony at not being insulting when she spoke to him.
“This is a complicated matter, Captain America, and rushing in is the last thing we want to do. There is still a chance at a peaceful resolution,” she mostly ignored the scoffing sound that Steve couldn’t help but let out, though the skin around her eyes went a bit tighter. “And we’re going to do everything we can to facilitate that. Sending an advisor means we’re taking the matter seriously, and both sides will know that the eyes of the world are on them. That’s the goal here, Captain. Not every group of rebels are terrorists-”
“Besides, isn’t ‘government bad’ kind of your mantra now? Shouldn’t you be like, encouraging us to help the ones hiding in caves take out the ‘corrupt army’?”
“Take a lap, Spider-Man.” Finally. Carol’s voice was full of iron as she delivered the punishment, drawing an approving nod from Steve. Kamala looked distressed, her eyes flicking between the three of them quickly as she chewed her lower lip. The teen in question didn’t seem too per
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
One-sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Steve Rogers-centric
Steve Rogers Needs a Reality Check
Mildly Steve Rogers Critical
Steve Feels
Jealous Steve
Irritated Steve Rogers
Steve Wants His Team Back
Steve Can Be a Jerk
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Mostly Canon Compliant
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Steve Doesn't Know He's Pining
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
One-sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

