Chapter 1





Chapter Text
She hated waiting. Loathed it in fact, whenever it had to be done in silence. Specifically this kind, where the tension was so palpable she could almost physically see it.The spy huffed unhappily, beginning to fidget in the uncomfortable metal chair she’d been left in for the past half hour. She unleashed some of her aggravation for being ignored so long on her sole companion in the grim-colored cell: a pathetic metal table, which bobbed with her every kick to the leg closest to her. When that did nothing to improve her mood, she resumed her first activity, which was to tug on the chain binding her cuffed hands together. That nearly bent the cheaply-made leg completely. She probably could have done so if she were actually motivated to free herself. But after the previous few days from Hell, she had simply lost too much of her energy.So for now, she resorted to repeatedly yanking the chain binding her to that godforsaken table. Its obnoxious clanking proceeded to swallow the air around her, effectively driving the final nail into the proverbial coffin for her patience.Apparently she wasn’t the only one at their wit’s end, either.“Nat, that’s annoying.”Natasha instantly stilled her actions, glaring up at her former partner through her lashes.Clint was arguably the only person alive to be completely unnerved by the infamous, chilling glare of Black Widow. He merely closed the door behind him and rubbed a hand over his face, sighing tiredly as his free hand set the lock in place. Then he actually looked at her, instantly noticing she was handcuffed to the table, and his expression crumpled into pure exasperation. “Jesus, Nat—!”She was too irritated to let him finish. “They said it’s just a precaution. Now can you get me out? You all know I’m not really compromised.”The corner of Clint’s mouth twitched, his eyes ducking downward in discomfort with his own accusation. “Do I?”Her head tilted slightly at that, giving off a cool facade that was of stark contrast to the indignation burning inside of her, like a hot flash of lightning. “Barton,” was her only warning.“Nat,” he shifted his weight with an upset equal to what she was feeling internally. “You attacked a teammate. A teammate that wasn’t in good condition to fight back—” “I was aiming for something else,” she interrupted stubbornly.“Oh, yeah,” Clint huffed in mock laughter. “That argument is sure to win them over.”“No one actually got hurt—”“Really? You want to tell that to the frozen peas pressed against Wanda’s face?”Natasha rolled her eyes, sinking further in her seat and not giving a damn if she looked like a sulking child for it. Which of course, Barton didn’t take kindly to. “Tasha, why can’t you just tell me the truth? I really don’t want this to become the day I have to treat you like one of my kids.”Natasha’s glare became fixed on the wall at her side. Suddenly the quiet seclusion of before didn’t seem so terrible.Fortunately Clint was kind to her sanity, and didn’t proceed further until she faced him again. Which she only did after hearing his heavy sigh. He was leaning against the end of the table opposite her, staring at the flat surface between his hands while his thoughts took over for a moment. With them, some of his composure returned. “Look, if you don’t want to talk to me, that’s fine. You’ve got a new partner now, I get it. I can get the Cap—”“No,” was her immediate response to that offer.“Then what?” Clint pressed, looking up to meet her biting glare without a single flinch. “What’s going to get an explanation out of you? Because I’ll warn you now, if it ain’t me, then Rogers is going to head in here himself and find out.”She hated how her body followed its instinct to tense up at the thought of seeing Steve at the moment. She especially loathed the idea of seeing him when everyone else was so cross with her, they felt the need to chain her up to a cheap table in a neglected interrogation room. A room meant for criminals that were low-priority, at that.“Granted, he’s more likely to play the part of Good Cop,” Barton added, having a distaste for silence almost as strongly as she did.“I don’t want Steve involved,” the former spy insisted, her words coming across hastier than she wanted.  “You know he’ll find out whatever it is eventually,” Clint replied, his tone giving off more of a reminder than a warning. “He worries about everything as it is, and after what’s been going on these past few days, I can tell he’s not going to give you much distance.”Natasha avoided his eye again, preferring to bite her tongue than admit Clint was right about that. She even rocked back and forth, tugging the chain of her cuffs against the table leg some more. A subtle indication of how desperately she wanted to escape the conversation. Or maybe even the entire compound.Clint’s expression softened some to see her so anxious. No matter how upset they got with each other, they were always friends above anything else. “Natasha, I just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Drama
Romance
Action
Hurt/Comfort
References to Depression
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
BAMF Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

