Work Text:
By the time Clint actually hears about it, his sister has been dead for almost a year. The worst part is that it isn’t even surprising it took so long for the news to reach him; actually, if anything is surprising it’s that he finally heard at all. Between Loki and the Chitauri and the Avengers and rebuilding New York, he hasn’t had a lot of time to breathe, let alone keep up with the tattered remains of his family. He’s ashamed to admit that he never even realized Laura and Derek had left New York. Clint went lone wolf a long time ago, but that never stopped him from keeping tabs on them before.And now Laura is gone, and it sounds like his brother is in way over his head, and fuck if Clint isn’t about to do exactly what he promised himself he never would.The door to Phil’s office is open when Clint reaches it, so he gives only a cursory knock before poking his head in. Phil, as usual, is buried in paperwork, but he glances up and gives Clint a tired smile when he sees him. "Agent Barton," he greets with a nod, always professional when they’re here at the office.Clint steps in and closes the door. "Phil," he says, and damn, his voice comes out a lot shakier than he intended it to.The effect is instantaneous. Phil’s expression goes from warm and welcoming to soft and concerned so fast Clint thinks he might get whiplash, and he’s up from his chair and striding towards Clint before Clint’s brain has much of a chance to catch up. "What’s wrong?" Phil asks, reaching out to press too-gentle fingers to Clint’s cheek. His worry is palpable, too strong, a scent that surrounds Clint and fills his senses and cuts right through the mental defenses he built up before coming here.It’s enough to break him, but Clint can’t afford to break. Not yet. Hell, maybe not at all. He closes his eyes and clasps Phil’s hand in his own. "I need to take some of that personal time I’ve got saved up.""Of course," Phil says without missing a beat. "How long do you need?"Clint shakes his head. "Dunno." Hopefully not long. He just needs to check in, needs to see, needs to make sure the last remaining member of his family is okay. If he’s lucky, Derek will never even know he’s there, and it will be a quick trip. He’ll work it like he would any op; get in, get the intel, get out.He opens his eyes to find Phil watching him steadily, ready to be there in any way Clint needs, and Clint is struck all over again with the knowledge that he doesn’t deserve this man in his life. He doesn’t deserve this perfect mate, not after everything he’s done. But his heart clenches tightly around the knowledge, and he knows he won’t give Phil up for anything now that he has him. "I need to get to Beacon Hills," Clint manages to grit out.Phil nods slowly, then leans in to press a light, lingering kiss to the corner of Clint’s mouth. "I’m going with you."There’s no room for argument in his tone, and Clint is secretly grateful. He doesn’t want to face that place with all those personal demons alone, but he would have, and he would have fought to, because he knows he doesn’t deserve anything else. But Phil is far too good a man to allow him to sink to that level of masochism. "Fine," he says, pressing his forehead to Phil’s in silent gratitude. "I’m gonna get to the range, get some practice in." Which is code for I’m going to shoot until I’m numb and don’t have to think about this anymore."All right. We’ll talk at home tonight?" Which is code for I know you’re not okay, and I’m here when you’re ready to tell me why.Clint nods, swallowing hard before he pulls away and strides out of the room without a backwards glance.



Tony insists on flying them out on his private jet. After his initial characteristic lack of tact ("I didn’t even know you had a sister, Barton") and Steve’s subsequent disappointed glare ("That was insensitive, Tony, you should apologize"), there really wasn’t any point in arguing.By the time they reach California, though, Clint is impossibly (if secretly) grateful to the billionaire who’s somehow become one of his closest friends. It was a long flight, with too much time to think, and Clint knows if he’d been surrounded by strangers the entire time it would have been a hell of a lot worse. As it stands, the only one here to see him feeling so lost is Phil, and Phil knows him inside and out anyway. Phil is a part of Clint in a way that means Clint can’t hide from him no matter how much he may want to, and that makes it okay, somehow."I booked us a room just outside of town," Phil tells him as they get into the rental car Tony also took the liberty of procuring for them. It’s a ragtop, flashier than anything Phil would have gone for, but Clint likes it."In your name?" Clint can’t help asking. He knows it’s ridiculous. No one here knows the name Barton, could never connect him to the Clinton Hale who lived here so many years ago and died tragically in the fire that killed most of the Hale family. But it’s one more thing, a tiny link he does
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Derek Hale
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski (pre-slash)

freeform: 
Family
Brothers
Reunions
The Alpha Pack
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Crossover

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Derek Hale
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski (pre-slash)

