Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Sir, Agent Barton is on the roof."
Tony looked up from the monitor he was working on. "He likes to spend time up there, JARVIS, what's the big deal?"
"He's balanced rather precariously on the edge and has been drinking," JARVIS replied. "I worry that he's going to fall."
"Aw, shit," Tony muttered. "Did you let Coulson know?" He pushed back from the table and headed towards the door. Tony liked Barton, the man had a sense of snark to match his own, but he'd admit he'd noticed something off recently.
"I attempted to, Sir, but Agent Coulson has requested that I not bother him for the next hour," JARVIS said. 
"All right, I'll take care of it. Thanks, J," Tony said. "Hey, get the suit ready just in case, would you? I don't know if I'll be able to catch him, but I'll be damned if I let him die without at least trying to catch him."
"The suit is on stand-by, Sir," JARVIS said.
"Sounds good." Tony hurried out of the elevator and out onto the balcony. He looked around and finally spotted Barton up on the Iron Man landing pad. "Drunk friend, I can do this," he muttered, taking the stairs two at a time. "Want some company?"
"Not really," Barton replied.
"Well, you're making JARVIS nervous, Barton," Tony said. "Think about that one for a minute. JARVIS has seen all the crap I've pulled over the years and doesn't get nervous easily. Could you at least come back from the edge a little? That'd make him happy."
"Sure, why not?" Barton sighed. He flopped down in the middle of the landing pad and went onto his back. "Not like I've been able to do anything right lately anyway. Just one more thing I screwed up."
Tony sat down next to him and leaned forward. "You're not screwing up, Barton," he said. "Look, I know you've got wicked balance skills, but JARVIS is looking at how close you are to the edge and calculating the probability of your falling off. I'm sure you can catch yourself, you know what you're doing, but it's better not to panic the AI."
"Yeah, whatever," Barton said.
"Would talking help?" Tony asked. "Total friend confidence, never to be revealed to another. I can even tell JARVIS to stop recording for a bit if that would help. Seriously, I'm actually really good at keeping secrets. I know it's hard to tell with how much I talk, but I really can."
"As can I, Agent Barton," JARVIS added.
Barton snorted. "I'm sure you can, JARVIS," he said. "I don't know if I'm drunk enough to talk, Stark."
"I don't know if more alcohol is what you need right now," Tony said. "We could play twenty questions. Ask me anything."
"You're really trying hard at this whole friend thing, aren't you?" Barton asked, rolling his head to look at Tony.
"I'm trying," Tony replied. "I've never had a lot of friends before and it's hard. I've had Rhodey and Pepper, but they're more family than friends. You'd tell me if I did something wrong, right?"
"Yeah, I'd tell you," Barton said. He let his hand fall open, revealing a gold ring on a chain. "Haven't worn this since the honeymoon almost ten years ago. Rings and archery don't go well together, but I rarely have the chain off. Pointless now, I guess. I just can't bring myself to toss it."
"You're married?" Tony asked. "That's not in your file, Clint."
Barton grinned. "Nope, classified at such a high level the wedding license is encrypted," he said. "Only one other person knows, and you know Director Fury isn't going to say anything about it."
"Okay, so who's your spouse? It's not Romanov, is it? Because that would be really super scary."
"Not Nat. She's like my sister," Barton said. "She doesn't even know about it, and people think she knows everything, Tony. What would you say if I told you it's a guy?"
"That's cool," Tony said. "Playboy means a lot of things, you know, Clint. I've had my share of same sex encounters, I just usually prefer women. Do I know the guy? I'm not fishing, I'm just trying to work out what's going through your head right now."
"Yeah, you know him," Barton said. "Right now, unless I was seeing things, he's in bed with another guy."
Tony looked down at Barton's face. "You were in the vents again, weren't you?"
"I love the vents, Tony," Barton said. "They're quiet, which is rare enough around this madhouse we call home. I was going to pop out and surprise him when he got home. When he got home he had another guy with him and they, they."
Tony wasn't good with people crying, but he'd had practice with Pepper, so he carefully pulled Barton up into a hug. "Let it out," he whispered. "Just let it out. No one else is going to know, Clint."
"In our bed, Tony," Barton whispered.
"Oh, Clint," Tony said. "Come on, let's go inside. We can go up to my floor and no one will know you're there. JARVIS won't say a word about it. You're shaking and it's cold out here. Come  on, time to warm up."
It took some situating of legs, but Tony was finally able to get Barton to his feet and moving towards the private elevator just off the landing pad. He'd put it there for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
possible future Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Cheating
OOC
Post-Movie

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
possible future Clint Barton/Tony Stark

