Work Text:
"Cheer up, James," Natalia pats his thigh with the gun strapped to it on the flight back. "In a few hours you'll have Steve to kiss it all better."She pretends like she's not just as anxious to get back to Clint, but Bucky lets it go because he's tired and she's right to mock the idea of him having someone to come home to, considering what she knows about him."I just wanna be told next time that the target's a robot before I watch you try and seduce it for three hours. Me and Steve worked with better intel in the 40s."Steve would have come up with a better plan on the spot than blowing up the building they were in to make sure the robot was destroyed for good. Bucky leans his head back and closes his eyes. He can't wait to bend Steve over the nearest piece of furniture and fuck him until they both pass out from exhaustion.He sends that over in a text the second the SHIELD jet makes its descent to land.If you think you can... Steve types back two seconds later. He knows damn well Bucky can. It's the one thing he likes about having a version of the serum. Leaving an art auction. Be there when you get home.*Steve isn't there when Bucky gets home. It's disappointing, but not surprising. Sometimes Captain America just can't tear himself away from his throngs of admirers as fast as he wants because Steve's too polite to say when enough is enough. They want autographs and pictures and just once Bucky wishes Steve would slap away any hands going for his ass while he's busy posing and smiling. Bucky has fantasized about lying on a rooftop during public events and picking off the grabby ones with his rifle. If you wouldn't do it to a woman at a bar, you shouldn't do it to Captain America.Bucky strips off his weapons and clothes, showers, and takes a nap.  The sounds of Steve coming home don't alarm him out of sleep anymore and he expects to wake to the warmth of him curled around him or to Steve's hands and mouth on his body making a wholehearted effort—because Steve doesn't make any other kind—to eradicate the memory of that clusterfuck of a mission from his mind. Bucky wakes up alone though and the phone is ringing.It's Natalia."James..." Her voice says she has something she doesn't know how to say. "There's been a... situation. Thought you would want the heads up."Fear is a lot like blood; it soaks through everything in no time. "Something happen to Steve?" Bucky's voice is harsh. Steve's made himself a ton of enemies and Bucky just knew one of these days..."He's here at the Tower."That's all Bucky needs. He grabs his keys and is out the door in a heartbeat.*The second he sets foot on the subway, people look up from their iPads and smartphones and stare at him. It's not the arm—that's disguised as flesh and blood now; they've found out something they can't believe and they're shocked and foaming at the mouth for the details. They know who he is, or think they do—Howling Commando sniper, Avenger, and Captain America's 'domestic partner'—but he's not Steve or Tony Stark and they're too scared to hound him for pictures or autographs let alone whatever they're dying to know right now. Bucky's seen his own expression in the mirror these days. He's not approachable. He catches parts of what people are whispering behind him though."No, that's really him. Look closer.""They're photoshopped. Why would they leave pictures lying around to get caught?"Bucky's blood freezes in his veins. He braces himself for someone to burst through the doors and arrest him. He should have known not even SHIELD could keep his past buried forever.*The whole team is in the lobby of Avenger's Tower.Stark slaps him on the shoulder as Bucky walks in. "Quality scandal there, Barnes, though I expected something a little less..." He can't find the word. "All that leather I figured you for a 'tie you up and make you beg for mercy' kinda guy."Bucky wants to hit him. He sees people begging for mercy in his nightmares all the time.Clint walks toward him with a hand over his eyes.  "Why did I click the uncensored version? Some things you can't unsee...""Front page of the New York Times..." Bruce looks up from his laptop. "Aside from the moral issues they raise, art critics can't stop praising the photos for what they were able to capture.""Yeah, I think we've seen what they capture," Stark says. "I always wondered if the serum... Never would have guessed it helped the rest of him catch up." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "God, why am I even saying this?"All Bucky can think is When did I leave a witness alive?Natasha and Thor don't say anything.Steve comes out of a back room where he must have been on the phone, fully dressed in the suit and a thick manilla folder in hand. He won't even look at him."Um..." Steve hands him the folder. "You might want to sit down."Bucky doesn't. If it's time to face the past he can do it on his feet. He opens the folder and expects to see gruesome shots of one of his victims bleeding to death while he slips away
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
First Time
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Teddy Bears
Awkwardness
Voyeurism
Pornstars
Period-Typical Homophobia
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

