Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
 
 
Tony watched as the two retreating figures disappeared from view, one supporting the other. He tried to get up to his feet, but the weight of the dead suit combined with the pain in his chest, zig zagging up and down his midsection with each breath made it impossible. He let out a pained gasp and collapsed back against the floor with frustration. He laid against the cold stone for some time, staring at the discarded shield across the room, before gritting his teeth and crawling back up to his knees. His employed the release mechanisms on the suit, climbed out of it and headed over to Cap’s shield. He staggered to the side and had to lean against a wall for a moment, as pain spiked again through his chest, before he took a deep breath and stormed back over to the item. He picked the shield up, ran his fingers along its smooth circular edge before digging his nail into the scratches that covered it.
He sighed, ran his hands over the star gently before screaming “son of a bitch!” at the top of his lungs and throwing the weapon at his suit. He watched with satisfaction as it clanged against the Iron Man armour. He ran his hands through his hair and pulled at it as he stamped his foot on the group and screamed the words aloud once more.
Calming down slightly, he took a shuddering breath and slowly turned around to check his surroundings. He made his way around the silo to confirm he was alone, and trapped. Yep. No way out without the suit. He stalked back over to the monitor Zemo had displayed his parents death on earlier. The screen was still functional, paused at the end, showing only the grey static fuzz. He considered watching it again, but didn’t want to, didn’t need to, the images would be forever ingrained in his mind. Instead he hefted the monitor up and threw it onto the floor. He watched with satisfaction as it bounced and then the screen shattered as it rolled to a stop. He stalked over to it and sat it back down against the floor in its upright position, mindful of the shattered glass, and then sat down on top of it.
The soldiers found him sat there, head resting in his hands, three hours later.
*
“Mr Stark, sir?”
Tony looked up, hesitated a moment before nodding his head.
“Are you alone?” Tony stood up stiffly, still aching, well, everywhere. “Sure am.”
One soldier held out a foil blanket to him. “You should put this on sir,” he motioned to Tony’ outfit, the black jeans and t-shirt. “It will help stabilise your body temperature.”
Tony pushed past the soldier without taking the blanket. “You’re kidding me, right?”
“We’re here to take you back, sir. Please come with us.”
“Is Ross still on the Raft?”
“Yes sir.”
“Great,” Tony sighed “My suit, it’s down; it needs transporting back.”
“Yes sir, we’ll take care of it.”
“The shield too,” Tony swallowed heavily. “That belongs to me now.”
“Of course.”
*
The atmosphere changed when the helicopter Tony and the strike team were travelling in touched down within the Raft. It didn’t go unnoticed when two of the team insisted they escort him to a specific meeting room as Ross had things he wanted to discuss with him.
“What about my suit, I need to-“
“We’ll take care of that sir.”
Tony didn’t protest any further. The fact that the conference rooms were located on the north side of the building, and he was escorted to the west side, was also noticed. He had only visited the Raft once before this hellish day, and he seemed to remember that the west side was where prisoners were kept, where interrogations were held, where suspects were questioned. Great. Get your story straight, Tony thought, as he was marched across the facility. He could twist this, and his injuries, to his advantage. Explain to Ross that he had been trying to bring the two fugitives in alone. The thought twisted in his stomach. No. No. He would not lie – not to Ross, not to anyone. Though his anger still surged at both Barnes and Rogers – he wouldn’t lie to save himself. That had never been his style.
“Hey!”
An angry yell broke Tony from his thoughts and he realised the soldiers were taking him through the prison itself, where some of his angry ex-team mates were yelling at their cell doors for his attention. Wow, Tony thought, very subtle, Ross. Ordering his strike team to bring Tony through the actual prison was about as subtle as if they had already put him in handcuffs. He was aware of the fine line between freedom and imprisonment he had been walking for the past few days, Ross had reminded him at every opportunity, so this additional threat was unnecessary. Tony stared ahead but then finally stopped and gave Hawkeye the attention he demanded as he kicked his cell door for a third time. Tony glanced at the soldiers, tipped his head to the side, hating himself for deferring to them, but not wanting to piss Ross off any further. The soldier rested his hand on his gun but nodded his permission.Tony stalked over to the door to Clint’s cell, keeping back a foot o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Imprisonment
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War (Marvel)
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Angry Clint Barton
Angry Tony Stark
Alternate Ending
Trouble
Interrogation
Not A Fix-It
Poor Tony Stark

fandom: 
None
