Work Text:
"Mr. Stark, Director Fury is calling."
Tony lifts his head from Loki's chest to glare at nothing. "What? Seriously?" He sits up, abruptly furious. "It's not even been two weeks, what the hell?"
"Is two weeks after meeting a significant date?" Loki inquires, sitting up as well and carding his fingers through Tony's hair at the back of his head. The touch is somewhat calming, but not by much. Fury had never respected Tony – had in fact actively disliked and disrespected him – but that had been mutual, and Tony hadn't thought the man would be this disrespectful of not only Tony himself but of his bonding, of Loki. Though, all things considered, he probably shouldn't be surprised.
"Sort of, but not officially," he absently answers Loki's question. "It's just taboo to contact a pair within bonding and because of the laws about pair bond interference it's also a legal grey zone, and the two week mark isn't really significant but it's just even more taboo before that." Capturing Loki's hand, Tony slots their fingers together and frowns at the wall before addressing JARVIS. "What does he want?"
"He wishes to discuss "recent events"," JARVIS reports and Tony hears the direct quote, knows what that means.
Remembering how Fury had refused to open the cage when Tony had asked – how he'd put Loki in there in the first place and yeah, he hadn't known about Loki's being a Sentinel but as soon as he realized he should have let Loki out of there no questions asked – counters the calming effect Loki's touch had had. "Put him on," he orders, barely managing to keep his tone in check. As soon as JARVIS puts Fury through he's done with that and growls, "What do you want?"
"Stark," Fury says, and he doesn't sound too pissy, which isn't a good sign; that's the tone of voice Fury uses when he's about to pull one over Tony. "Loki around?"
"I repeat, what do you want?" Tony demands, putting one hand on Loki's thigh. He's not going to ask again.
"I'm calling to discuss the charges to be levied against both you and Loki." Fury is decidedly smug now. "And what you will do in order to make this go away instead."
Tony is so furious he can barely breathe for a moment. "What charges?"
"Malicious injury to property in the form of the town of Puento Antiguo and SHIELD's base in Texas, actual bodily harm in seventy-two cases, grievous bodily harm in seven cases, wanton endangerment in three hundred eighty-three cases, attempted murder in one case and prison breach. Personally I'd slap some form of moral turpitude on top of it all but that in itself is unfortunately not against the law." Fury sounds very self-satisfied with it all. "You are accused of assisting escape, computer hacking, data theft, theft of classified information, impinging on and distribution of data you have no legal clearance for, breaking and entering and theft."
"Theft," Tony repeats despite his knowing better; it just slips out. He knows he shouldn't address any of this but anything but the theft charge against him makes some sort of sense, depending on how you look at it anyway.
"You absconded with SHIELD property without permission." Fury sounds like the cat who got the canary and the cream and Tony wants to hit him. He takes a deep breath and buries his feelings the way he's learned in training.
As he calms down a little a thought occurs to him and Tony narrows his eyes, getting suspicious. "To what property are you referring?"
"Why, you stole more than one prisoner?"
Oh, that- if Fury were within reach right now Tony would jump on him and strangle the guy; he can't even put to words how absolutely furious he is right now. To call Loki property – to call him SHIELD property-
Loki's mouth pushes into his hair and his breath is warm and hot against Tony's skin when he breathes out. It distracts Tony for only a moment, just long enough for him to maintain his composure.
"You will hear from our lawyer," he says, managing to keep his voice level, and has JARVIS cut the connection before either he or Fury can say anything else. After that he manages to keep control of his temper for two pointedly calm breaths but that's as far as he gets; launching off the bed, Tony starts to pace furiously, hands balled into tight fists.
"Would you like for me to handle this?" Loki offers calmly. He doesn't need to put it to words to make it very clear what he means, and Tony stills as he honestly considers the possibility for a moment. There is no denying that he likes the thought – Fury gone, never to disrespect Tony or his Sentinel ever again – but in the end there is little practicality to it. They'll still have to deal with SHIELD, after all, and any hope of some sort of reasonably equal relationship with the organization would be out the window if they took out Fury. The consequences of that just aren't worth it.
Not that he's seriously considering it. In the end, he's not really into assassinations. Weakly, he smiles at Loki. "Not really feasible, though I appreciate the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jealousy
Possessive Behavior
Meditation
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

