Chapter 1: my heart a ghost town
    




Chapter Text

(source: https://www.usa.gov/laws-and-regulations)

THE OMEGA PROTECTION ACT (OPA)

The Omega Protection Act (OPA) is the federal legislation that gives protections and guarantees healthy living for individuals of the omega status. All individuals are entitled to:

government-protected housing
omega-prescribed education
state and local government services
privacy of records and identity
federal mating services

The U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) Omega Protections Section provides information about the federal guidelines established in the OPA through a toll-free information line: 1-800-518-0421. This service permits previous guardians, school patrons and local governments to call and ask questions about general or specific OPA regulations, including questions about the OPA Standards for Presenting, as well as filing an OPA compliance complaint.

Visit the following resources for more information.
   Bucky presents at the age of 12. In class, right before lunch break. He’s been sweating and feeling a bit feverish since yesterday evening. Their mother worked through the night, however, and Rebecca had teased him about being a sissy for taking the time to gel his hair just this morning. He isn’t about to give her more ammunition, just for a little upset stomach. They’re talking in class about the Omega Protection Act when it all happens, ironically. Bucky’s heard of it. His parents, both betas, were lucky enough to have two children, but most of the population heavily relies on omegas to stay sustained. And, with the fertility crisis that started in the 50’s, the US government decided to start programs that would protect omegas. “All states have passed laws requiring un-bonded omegas to be taken somewhere else, for their own safety,” Ms. Bodeman explains. “I’m sure some of you know a family member who went to an omega house.” A few people in the class nod. Steve, who always sits next to him, conspicuously tosses a note onto Bucky’s desk. The breeze stirs, a strange scent accompanying it, which is exactly when the note of Bucky’s fever changes. It’s less chills and sweats now and more a gathered burning in the low of his gut. He can hardly keep focus on his teacher and what she’s saying, just trying not to fall out of his seat. “. . . presenting as an omega is more likely if you have an alpha/omega pair of parent . . .” He should have stayed home. Steve “psssts!” until he looks over. The boy mimes at the note he passed Bucky insistently, his big eyes for once looking concerned. Bucky takes a shaky breath and unfolds it. 
 You look like death warmed over. Go home! 
 Bucky rolls his eyes, but turns to Steve and nods. He’s not doing any learning today anyways. Once Ms. Bodeman announces lunch break, he stands up, intending to make for the door with the rest of his classmates. Then something trickles down his thigh, and half the room stiffens. Well, maybe not half, but about a third, including Ms. Bodeman. She’s a beta—according to Rebecca, who presented a few months ago as an alpha and can now smell those designations—but her eyes still go wide as they zero in on him at the same time as five boys and three girls including Rebecca. They stand up. Nostrils flaring. “Everyone OUT,” the teacher barks, loud enough to snap the affected children out of their haze. Bucky watches blearily as everyone rushes through the door, the only remaining Steve and Rebecca. “You two can’t—” Ms. Bodeman starts. “Is he sick, Ms. Bodeman? He smells funny,” Becca interrupts, wrinkling her nose. Bucky would protest, but he finds he can barely stay standing, much less speak. “He’s presented, Rebecca,” the teacher says, looking a little pale. Steve frowns, puts a hand over Bucky’s forehead like Bucky often does for him. “As an alpha? Don’t they usually lash out, get angry?” Steve asks. Rebecca nods and feels Bucky’s forehead too, having experienced it herself. Bucky shakes his head, shrugging her off. “I don’t feel angry,” he manages to say, leaning into Steve. The scrawny kid smiles at him worriedly, “An omega, judging by his smell,” Ms. Bodeman explains, putting a hand on Bucky’s shoulder and gently pushing him to sit back in his seat. Bucky slumps into it, silently grateful. “Omegas are supposed to smell nice, though,” Becca protests. “He just smells weird.” “You’re his sister,” the teacher says. “You won’t smell good to each other, even if you’re an alpha and omega. Now, I need you Becca to go home and get some of Bucky’s things. Let your parents know what’s happened, if they’re home, and hurry back quick. You might get to say goodbye.” Becca frowns; Bucky tries not to fall to the ground and curl into the fetal position. “Say goodbye?” he distantly hears Becca ask. “Why would they—?” He hears Ms. Bodeman’s answer in bits and pieces. “He’s not safe, anymore . . . like I was saying . . . there’s places where omegas go, where the government protects them . . .” Bucky blacks out after 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Except kind of dystopian?
No Omega Rights
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Child Abuse
Identity Porn
Dubious Consent
Arranged Marriage
kind of
Past Bucky Barnes/Alexander Pierce
unrequited Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
omega rights
Social Justice
Social Media
Domestic Fluff
domestic angst
that last one should already be a tag
Implied Mpreg
Knotting
Blushing Steve Rogers
Unreliable Narrator
a shit ton of cliches basically
Flashbacks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alternate Universe - Politics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Domestic Sadness

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

