Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The room was almost empty. Boxes of clothes, jewels and books were stacked all over the floor. Loki stood in the middle of it all and tried to decide whether he would need the book in his hands the moment he got home, or if he could survive having it get lost among the others.A knock on the door caught his attention and he looked up.It was Camtan. He smiled at the sight before him and edged into the room."Packing away the last of it all?" He asked."Just the important things. The servants shouldn't touch my books, they might get hurt if they are packed together incorrectly." Loki said.Camtan just smiled sadly. "You're really going." He said. "After all the fun we had. What am I going to do now?""Visit." Loki said. "And I'll visit. I still have those charities that I patron. I will come back now and then.""I know. I'm still going to miss you." Camtan said. "Are you finished? It's time for lunch, then goodbye forever.""Stop being melodramatic." Loki said with a smile. "I am done. The book can be packed."He set the book down into the box at his feet and followed Camtan to the dining room.Lunch was simple. All the meals were simple at the moment, until Dorgen was crowned, the palace was in mourning. Loki ate with the three princes but said little. He had enough worries of his own.After they had eaten, the three sons of Dimcken escorted Loki, King’s Consort, to the Bifrost Site in the Hall of Greetings.The open end at the far side of the hall seemed vaguely ominous. Loki had been gone for two hundred and forty seven years, eight months and nine days. That was a long time for anyone. Would Thor still love him? Never mind that, would Thor even be able to look at him, knowing what he had been forced to do here? He was a hundred steps away from finding out.




Notes:

Just so everyone is on the same page.1) Loki doesn't know he's Jotun. Nor will he find out in this story. You may consider him fully Aesir which is what everyone else does, including him.2) Intersexed Aesir exist due to Jotun interbreeding over the years. They are rare but not stigmatized.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Male Character
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Forced Marriage
Arranged Marriage
Age Gap from Hell
Creepy Kings getting their own way
Very long distance love
non con
Angst

fandom: 
Loki/Original Male Character
Loki/Thor

