Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint ducks into a bar, reasonably sure he isn’t being followed at the moment, though that almost doesn’t matter. He hasn’t eaten in two days and he has to piss like he’s going to die, and he’s taken out nineteen of them already, so they have to be running out of people, right?As he makes for the darkened corner where the men’s room is lurking, a man in a dark suit stands up without looking at him, and maybe Clint’s instincts are dull from the last two days of running and fighting and hiding, but not a single thing pings him about the guy. Not even as he’s brushing by Clint, not even as something small and plastic like a phone brushes against Clint’s ribs. It isn’t until he’s actually zapped with a hundred thousand or so volts and hot piss runs down his leg, that he looks at the guy’s face. It’s a good face, lived in, but ordinary. It’s not a super secret agent face.The guy in the suit reaches out and catches Clint easily as he falls, and that’s it. He’s out.---He doesn’t know how long he’s been out, but he comes to fairly rapidly, a habit so ingrained that he’s sure of a few things right away. He’s indoors, someplace with heat of high enough quality that Clint doesn’t even feel a draft, which says something, considering the part of the world he’s in. There’s someone else in the room with him, though Clint doesn’t actually hear that person. He just feels the way the air in the room changes as they move around. He knows that he’s naked, which isn’t a huge surprise, but could be problematic with the weather outside (which, of course, is one of the many good reasons for whoever these persistent assholes are to keep him naked). He knows he’s been given at least a cursory wipe-down; he’d definitely pissed himself when he’d been tasered, and he doesn’t smell a trace of urine (this is actually a good sign; a sign that someone who isn’t him gives a shit about Clint’s dignity -- maybe, anyway; maybe they just didn’t want to smell piss while they waited for him to wake up). He’s still hungry and he’s thirsty, but he doesn’t have any new aches and pains that the tasering itself doesn’t explain. Except for one thing, one oddity, he’d say capture by this crew isn’t necessarily going to do anything but ruin his day. But that thing is a big weird thing.He’s kneeling on a bed, and his wrists are bound behind him with what feel like quality leather restraints, but they are pulled up and away from his body at an angle, so that where Clint is on his knees, his shoulders ache a little. There are several pillows braced under his chest, or he’d be in a lot more pain, but... He’s also bound by the same kinds of restraints at his ankles and his thighs. It isn’t being tied up that is weird, of course, and there are less comfortable ways to be made immobile. It’s two things: the leather restraints, and the position. Together they don’t read as: secured as a prisoner. They read as: secured for sexual use.Though Clint is almost sure he didn’t move or breathe wrong or tense up to give himself away, someone says, “You’re a hard man to get ahold of, Mr. Barton. You didn’t even give us a chance to introduce ourselves.” His voice is low and maybe very slightly amused, and Clint knows immediately that this is Agent Smooth from the bar, the one that had probably carried him out, claiming Clint was drunk, without anyone looking twice at him.“When strangers point guns at me, I find I usually don’t care who they’re working for,” Clint says hoarsely. He would kill for a beer right now.He doesn’t get a beer, but he does get a bottle of water displayed in front of his face, still sealed. He thinks, Here we go, but instead of questions, the hands holding the bottle merely uncap it and stick a straw in the top. A hand rests on the back of his neck, forcing him to keep his head down, probably to protect the agent’s identity (Clint isn’t going to mention that he has already seen enough of his face to give a meticulously accurate description to a sketch artist). Clint is surprised, but not too surprised to drink thirstily.“You were never in any danger, Mr. Barton. We just want to talk to you,” the man says.“Maybe you should lead with that, instead of with the people with guns,” Clint says.“We would have, if we could have gotten anyone close to you,” Agent Smooth says genially. “You have some extremely well developed instincts.”“I didn’t see you coming,” Clint grumbles.“I have a number of well developed skills of my own,” Agent Smooth says without a trace of vanity. “I don’t usually do recruitment. My level of skill isn’t usually necessary. They called me in after you nearly drowned Maxwell.”“If he nearly drowned, it was because he panicked. I left him safe and even mostly dry,” Clint says. “So you got the call after…” He counts in his head, “the sixth guy I took out?”Agent Smooth hums out an affirmative.“So what took you so long?” Clint knows it’s not a good idea to engage sarcasm here, but he learned it so young and so well 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
D/s world AU
Bondage
Very rough sex
Rape/Non-con Elements
shield au
Things start out a little rocky
But they get better
BAMF Phil Coulson
BAMF Clint Barton
Dominant Phil Coulson
Submissive Clint Barton
smart ass Clint Barton
Collars
Past mentions of sexual abuse
Attempted Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

