Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Chapter One


Some Time In The Not Too Distant Future
Asgard was crumbling around him like wet sand.  The brilliance of the city and it’s simmering gold were stained with the blood of soldiers and innocent beings alike.  It was a horror foretold by men and gods for centuries, but those stories were turned into fairytales and taken with a grain of salt.  They never even saw it coming.Screams filled the still air… Jor nearly choked on his own as he scrambled for the Bi-Frost with what little energy he had left.  He was burned and exhausted, but his instincts had kicked in, just as his father had promised.  Light and sound were a thousand times more devastating.  The lapping of Asgard’s oceans against the structures holding the rainbow bridge in place cut his ears like a dull knife, while the shrieks of the dying shot projectiles of agony through his fragile frame.Later they would tell him what he experienced was a trauma.  They would tell him that the things he saw and heard were being absorbed differently because of the adrenaline rush of flight or fight instincts.  None of that mattered while his life was still in jeopardy.  His father had given him his instructions.  The Bi-Frost was his only means of escape, cut off from others, but Loki was a god with special skills no other could ever hope to match.Jor stumbled several times out of sheer exhaustion.  His hands shook violently even as they dragged across the surface of the bridge in a pathetic attempt to keep upright.  He was much too young to comprehend the horrors he’d just witnessed.  Tears had run dry, and his lips were cracked and bleeding.  His tongue felt like sandpaper in his mouth, and his vision was growing blurry by the second.  He wouldn’t last long.  The BiFrost had already been activated… he didn’t know by whom.  It didn’t matter.  It was his only means of escape.  It was to be his salvation.  Just a little further.  He felt the familiar pull, and he let himself fall this time.  Relieved to be free and yet he was far too broken to concern himself with what would await him on the other side.

*~* Present *~*
Heimdall’s eyes had seen a great many things both good and evil.  He’d witnessed death and birth, pain and pleasure, but none compared to the charred boy that lay unconscious at his feet.  The Bi-Frost’s vibration slowed to a lull as the form materialized, with smoke rising from tender flesh.  Ink black hair hid away closed eyes, but the tiny frame still assured Heimdall this boy was clinging to life… barely.The large man set aside his weapon without hesitation as he drew close to the youth who’d somehow made it to Asgard’s doorstep without an invitation… impossible, he’d once believed, but the evidence lay before him.  Magic and sorcery, or perhaps a trick by Odin’s enemies?  Though his eyes roved for clues, none surfaced.  There was simply a boy… having appeared out of thin air, lying half-dead at his feet.  His clothes, mostly burned away were distinctly Asgardian, but Heimdall could feel the chill of his bones, and it made his blood pressure drop.  The All Father would not be pleased….

*~*~*
It took time for the conscious mind to assess the world around it after so long drifting in the clouds and fog of oblivion.  His eyelids were still heavy.  His skin tingled and itched as if the small legs of Midgardian ants covered him from head to toe.  If he concentrated, he could almost hear the blood surge in his veins, assuring him that he was, in fact, alive.  Voices in a low whisper washed over him, just out of reach to catch every word, but enough for him to understand the meaning and intent.“… so young, who would dare hurt an innocent?”“I do not know, M’Lady.  His clothes may be Asgardian, but this is not the realm he hails from.  It is possible he is as dangerous as Loki….”“… not dangerous!  He is a mere boy!”“So was the god of mischief… once.”“The path he chose was not entirely of his own making, as you well know.”“The All Father may not agree with your assessment, my Queen.”“The All Father is wise, but he is still as foolish and stubborn as any man.  Leave us.  I will care for him myself.”“As you wish.”Warning bells went off in Jor’s head like that of Midgardian fire alarms.  The voices were familiar, but their awareness with him was nonexistent.  They compared him to Loki with sour dispositions, as if they had no knowledge of their shared blood.  It was startling to say the least, and Jor struggled to listen.  Instead of voices, footsteps drew closer but the boy kept still and quiet.  He refused to meet the gaze burning his skin worse than the damage he’d already suffered at the hands of Thor and his power of lightening.“Your breathing quickens.  I am not easily fooled, boy.  I know you’ve awakened.”He was not as adept at lies… that was his father’s gift.  Jor slowly opened his eyes to face the only ally he currently had.  The wife of Odin… Lady Frigga was just as brilliant and humbling as ever.  He didn’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Drama
Family Drama
Psychological Trauma
Violence
Angst
Romance
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe - Dark
Really Dark Kid Fic
Odin's A+ Parenting
BAMF Frigga
Tony Is Always Good With Kids
Character Death

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

