Chapter 1: Planet Osiris
    




Chapter Text
Tony threw a circuit board across the room. It was no use. He’d been up for thirty six hours and his hands shook too much for delicate soldering. This was the third time he’d fucked up the same board. He needed sleep. He wanted sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, the darkness behind his lids turned into the darkness of deep space, the army, the fall. He shook his head violently and gave up on the lab, instead marching into the kitchen for another cup of coffee. He sat on a stool at the breakfast bar and poked the Twitter app on his Stark phone.Darcy Lewis (@DarcyTheGreat): Hey @SHIELD assholes, pick up your phone. There’s some freaky shit going down in Greenwich and we could do with some backup.Tony thought about it for a moment. It’s not like she’d asked for his help. Sure, he liked the kid, she made great coffee when he and Dr Foster had a science marathon, and she had a better sense of humour than anyone else he knew. Hell, she even laughed at jokes he thought were ‘too soon’. He could ignore the situation, go back upstairs and try to sleep again. That would be the sensible thing to do. But the bed was empty, and would be empty for the foreseeable future. Pepper had finally got sick of him and his constant nightmares. Extremis had been the last straw. Tony rubbed his face with both hands and downed the last of his coffee. “JARVIS, deploy the mark XLVII.”“I’m not sure this is a good idea, sir.”“Yeah, that makes two of us. But since when have I had good ideas?”“Fair point, sir.”“Ooh, sassy, JARV.”

***
The flight to London passed in a blur, which concerned Tony. He was pretty sure he’d fallen asleep at least twice across the Atlantic. Luckily JARVIS made an excellent autopilot, and he flew up the Thames with bleary eyes. Buzzing Tower Bridge gave him a shot of adrenaline, which he was going to need if the giant black ship parked outside the Royal Naval College was any indication. Well, where else would you park a big flying knife? He spotted Thor quickly, and flew towards him……and London turned into a massive black desert.“What the fuck?”The suit went offline, jets sputtering and sparking, and Tony fell out of the sky, yelling. He hit the ground in a cloud of dust and sand. Now he knew what a meteorite felt like.“Oh, man. That was unpleasant. JARVIS, can you hear me?”Nothing. Tony pressed the sequence into a manual reset button on the inside of one of his gauntlets, and lay on the black sand panting. Not like he could do anything else until the suit had boosted up again. He thought he could hear shouting and fight sounds somewhere behind him, and tensed up until they disappeared as suddenly as they’d started. Time to do some working out. Considering Thor was involved, and some weird spaceship, he’d probably passed through some space portal, and this was almost certainly some other planet. Fucking marvellous. He should have sat Thor down and got a bit more info on what else was out there while he had the chance, but Lion-O had run off with String Bean faster than you could say ‘Daddy has an army bigger than little adopted brother's and we’re not sharing the shiny semi-sentient box’.“Sir? Mr Stark, can you hear me?”“JARVIS? Oh, it’s good to hear you, buddy.” Tony pushed himself off the volcanic sand and stood up. “Can you find another of those portals back to London?” He looked up to see eight discs hovering above the planet, eight different scenes. “Uh, yeah, I think I’ve found it. Them. Umm, which one’s earth?”“I believe the second from the left, sir.” The targeting system on his HUD bracketed the correct portal.“Thanks JARVIS.” He engaged repulsors and lifted off, heading home. He was half way there when the Greenwich ship appeared in midair. “Woah! What the hell!” He swerved violently as the thing fell, and as it landed in a mushroom cloud of dust, the portals blinked out of existence. “Shit! Shit, shit fucking shit balls! JARVIS, can you find us another way home?”“I’m sorry, sir, all the portals have disappeared, including the little invisible one you passed through on the way here.”“Shit!” Tony landed on the top of a slope, overlooking the crashed spaceship and tried to calm his racing heart. “Shit, shit, shit.”“Sir, you are on the verge of a panic attack, please try to slow your breathing.”“Yeah, I think it’s justified right now, JARVIS.” He popped the suit and leaped out, suddenly claustrophobic. The air on the unknown planet tasted of blood or iron, but he could feel a breeze, so that was nothing like deep space. There was sound here, and no alien army, and he could feel the grit under his pants as he sat down, head between his legs, gasping.It took him a few minutes to talk himself down. Head hanging low, exhausted, he walked back into the suit. “OK, JARVIS, can you find any civilisations?”“I have been scanning the surrounding area, sir, I’m afraid I haven’t found anything that could represent a road or dwelling.” “Right, of course we’ve landed on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
past Loki/Sigyn
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Canon Divergence - Thor: The Dark World
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Genderbending
Fucking with Norse Myths for my own ends
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Anxiety Disorder
Depression
Grief/Mourning
Why Loki hates Jotunheim so much
Past Torture
Clint Is a Good Bro
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Female Loki
in the past - he's male now
Male Sigyn
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki Angst
Loki Has Issues
Poor Loki
Loki's Kids
Clint has heart
Swearing
Poor Tony

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
past Loki/Sigyn
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

