Work Text:
 

 There’s nothing here to catch me now  


 I’m gonna fall anyway 


 It’s just that kinda day 

The first time it happens, you’re completely caught off guard.It was around 3 in the morning when the door to your bedroom eases open slowly, the light from your living room spilling over the foot of your mattress.Bleary eyed and half dead to the world, you merely brush it off thinking that perhaps the AC has blown the door open again.  But then it clicks shut, followed by the sounds of heavy footfalls before a large figure has pulled your covers out enough to slide in beside you.Your muscles tighten as an arm winds around your waist, ready to attack.  Before you can move to retaliate, however, you become incredibly aware of the texture of the arm in question.Cool, smooth, heavy.
Metal.
“Bucky?”  You whisper into the darkness and flinch at the gravel of sleep still on your cords.Your question is met with silence.“Bucky.”  You try again, turning in his arms - a task that proves harder than you anticipated.  Any words that you may have uttered die on your tongue as you look at the man beside you.His eyes are red-rimmed, framed by the dark circles that almost take over his face.  His brow is heavily creased, the lines between and surrounding his eyes dark with sorrow.  He looks older and thoroughly exhausted.  Nothing like the Bucky you were used to in the day.Without another word, you’re wrapping your arms around him, pulling him tightly to your breast.  The rest of the night is spent in silence as Bucky slowly slips into a fitful sleep in your arms. 

 You might not know me good but you know me good enough 


 To make me okay, okay 


 Just close your eyes and put your lovin’ on me 

A week goes by with the two of you barely speaking outside of your bedroom.  Every night he slips in, each night opting to come in a little earlier than the night before.  Every night he’s crawling into your covers, and into your embrace, his face freshly ravaged from the nightmares that plague him.It gets easier as the nights progress.  You pick up on his body language, figuring out what seems to help and what seems to make things worse.  Your biggest tool is a gently, grazing touch.  Without fail, any time you ghost your fingers over his knotted brow you watch in immense satisfaction as the worried lines disappear.  He’s even picked up the habit of crawling under the covers, grabbing your fingers and placing them on his forehead as he settles in.  Though no words are spoken, you can clearly hear the please that rests in those puppy dog eyes.By the beginning of the third week, Bucky doesn’t even wait to go to your room.  He follows you from training, or the living room, or the kitchen, and after the two of you silently get ready your bathrooms, you fall into bed.  He always joins you seconds later, finishing up in his room about the same time.  His brow is softer since he began spending the nights with you.  His nightmares are less frequent, and the worry that had etched its way onto his chiseled features had faded a bit.Your routine becomes second nature.  Bid everyone goodnight, brush your teeth, wash your face, change, and crawl into bed.  A warm chest always presses into your back as you lay down and you sigh, knowing that if he ever decides to end whatever this arrangement is, that you’ll never sleep soundly again.It’s about half way through week four of whatever this is when the two of you speak about it for the first time.“I know,” He begins minutes after you’ve settled into his arms.  His sudden speaking makes you jump, his warm breath blowing over the crux of your neck and shoulder.  “I know this isn’t normal.  But I can’t thank you enough, Y/N.  I haven’t slept like this since…since before the war.”  You smile despite yourself, rolling in his arms so you can look at him in the low light.“Why me?”  You whisper as your fingers draw patterns into the soft creases of his shirt.“Because you didn’t know me before.  Because you’re the only one who didn’t already have some idea of me in their head.  You know who I am now, and it’s more than I expected to find here.”  And it was true.  You were one of the only one in the compound who had arrived after him.  You hadn’t seen his files, you hadn’t seen him at his worst, you only knew Bucky - the man who laid in your arms now.“I’m here for you, Bucky.  Anything you need, I’m here for you.”  He hummed quietly at your offer, pressing a kiss to your hairline before hugging you tightly against him.  Instinctively, your arms wound tighter around him.“Just put your lovin’ on me, doll.” 

 Put your lovin’ on me 


 Take this weight off me 


 And put your lovin’ on me 

Everyone notices the new pep in Bucky’s step over the next few months.  It’s no secret that he’s moved in with you, but you didn’t mind.  Steve had been the one to catch the two of you running things from his room to yours to make the nights easier.  He stared, wide-eyed and slack-jawed at seeing his still recoveri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Smut
Friends to Lovers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Nightmares
Night Terrors
Choking
Oral Sex
Making Love
Dirty Talk
nsfw gifs
Sex
Gentle Sex
Sweet/Hot
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

