Chapter 1: Arc 00: Awakenings / Ch. 01: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

xXx The Shores of the Black Lake xXx

 xXx Sunday, June 6th, 2004 xXx

 xXx Very Late Evening xXx

As Harry Potter watched his Patronus rip apart the Dementors that had been trying to consume both his own and Sirius Black's souls, he felt a dull throbbing sensation welling up behind his eyes. It was as though an absolutely massive backlog of raw mystical energy were lodging itself inside of his body, just seeking a release into the world at large. Drawing up what conscious thought he still possessed, he yelled at Hermione, "GET BACK!"
Heeding Harry's warning, Hermione dashed several yards back into the Forbidden Forest, from whence she watched as an absolutely massive blast of raw mystic energy erupted from where Harry had just been standing, and consumed much of the area in front of her. Hermione didn't truly understand the consequences of what had just occurred, but she intrinsically understood that this had not occurred prior to their meddling in time. This was seemingly the creation of an entirely new timeline.
Yet for some reason, Hermione was not being ripped from this timeline as an alien entity, and that confused the poor girl, as that was her understanding for what was supposed to happen when a new timeline was spawned. Somehow, Harry had done the seemingly impossible… AGAIN!
Suddenly, as if the appearance of this bright incandescent light were not odd enough for Hermione to witness, she was now bearing witness to the light rapidly pulling itself back into its point of origin. When it had fully returned to within Harry, she could only gape, as the young man in front of her now had a much stronger presence within the world than she could ever remember him possessing. There was an overwhelming sense of power wafting off of Harry that had just not been there before.
Harry scowled as he glanced around himself. He could tell that the Dementors were more or less laid to waste by his patronus at this point in time, however he now had the overwhelming desire to place the Dementors more firmly under his own control, rather than leaving them at the beck and call of a seemingly corrupt Ministry.
Waving his hand in the direction of one of the last remaining Dementors, he heard the creature issue forth a loud and shrill shriek of agony as it's form and magic were completely overwritten by the newly awakened divine might that Harry now possessed. Into the body of that Dementor, Harry placed the soul of one whom he truly wished to be reunited with above all other people, his own mother.
Within mere moments, the Dementor's cloak and robes had been pulled away from its flesh and reformed into a more pleasing black dress in the gothic lolita style, and the newly transformed Dementor took on the appearance of a rather buxom redheaded woman, though her skin still retained the chalk grey pallor of a long dead corpse. Slowly, the Dementor… no Lily, turned and beheld Harry, as she uttered a single word, "Master…"
"Lily, send the other Dementors back to Azkaban, then please follow me," Harry commanded.
Lily nodded her head, and her eyes glowed a brilliant shade of gold as her power over the other Dementors manifested, allowing her to immediately send them back from whence they came, "It is as you have commanded me, Master."
With Lily now in tow, Harry turned and made his way over to Hermione, who promptly had to ask, "Just what in God's name have you gone and done this time?"
Lily cocked her head to the side, "Master, has this one just blasphemed against you?"
Harry smirked at the dumbfounded expression on Hermione's face as he responded with a quip of, "Technically, but she is forgiven for it… this time."
"If you are sure, Master, then I won't take vengeance," Lily replied in a somewhat dejected tone of voice.
"Harry? What is going on? What was that light? Who is that woman? Why was she a dementor until just a moment ago? Why did she say I blasphemed against you? Why did you agree that I blasphemed against you? What is going on?" Hermione ranted without really taking a breath between words.
"Master, I think this one is in danger of asphyxiating herself, or at the least hyperventilating," Lily commented idly.
"Her name is Hermione," Harry commented to Lily. He then turned his attention to the girl in question, and responded, "I just underwent divine apotheosis due to a number of situations in my life all coming together to cause such an event. She said that because you called on the name of the Christian God, in the presence of the newest Allfather to exist. I agreed because it is true. And I just told you."
Hermione blinked. She then emitted a loud huff, "You didn't tell me who that woman is or why she was a dementor."
Harry frowned, "Oh right… Hermione, I'd like to introduce you to my mother. Mom, this is Hermione, my best friend. As for why she was a dementor? It was the most convenient body to put her soul inside of, and a useful one at that."
Lily
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter

freeform: 
Parent/Child Incest
Necrophilia
Godly!Harry

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter

