Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stark Mansion hadn’t ever been a home-sweet-home sort of place, even though Tony had lived there for most of his childhood. Sure, his parents had been there when they weren’t off running around the world to attend some gala or working to get Stark International better press, but when it had really counted there had never really been anyone at home to make it feel like a home. Well, that wasn’t exactly true. Jarvis had been around, and he had always made Tony feel welcome when no one else had bothered to try, but somehow Jarvis’ Jarvis-ness, for lack of a better word, hadn’t quite sunk into the building the way Tony had hoped it might.Of course coming back to the Mansion almost twenty years after his parent’s untimely demise probably hadn’t helped the whole melancholic gloom hovering around the place; Tony didn’t want to be here, and the mansion likely didn’t want to see his ugly mug again either but there wasn’t anything he could do about it now that the boxes were packed and delivered.He could have found somewhere else to live after Pepper had left him. He had thought about it on the drive over with Dummy sitting on the floor of the flatbed truck behind him, musing on his misfortunes while sipping a bitter cup of Americano. He could have stayed in the tower. Hell, he could have bought himself some other place and built everything up from scratch again like he had with the Malibu house, but his heart hadn’t been in it. He was tired of watching the things he created turning to dust.Instead, he had retreated to the last place something nice had happened to him – aside from all the places he had been with Pepper, Happy and Rhodey of course. Well, truth be told, the Avengers had made his life a lot easier too, so it wasn’t like the mansion was the only place left he had lived in that held good memories.Maybe that had been part of the problem.It had been too easy to throw away his work to run after his new teammates, too easy to spend nights building new equipment while listening to Steve prattle on about battle tactics and upcoming missions as they settled into their new Stark Tower accommodations. The others had so many interesting stories, and he had been starved for attention – or so Pepper had said to him as she was packing her life away into the bags she had brought with her the first time around. She had claimed that he hadn’t been happy with her; he hadn’t been so sure about that, because if he hadn’t been happy with her, why had it hurt so damned much when she had walked out of his life and into Happy’s arms?Maybe he had stared at Steve a bit too much.Maybe he hadn’t stared at Pepper enough.He knew one thing for certain. She sure as hell hadn’t wanted to be an Avenger; he hadn’t meant to push it on her so hard, but he had. He had updated the version Extremis in her, but he had made a big, crucial mistake while doing it. He had tried to give her a controllable version of Extremis’ heat powers to help her feel like she could be one of the team. He had even made her a suit of her very own.She hadn’t liked that part so much.He had taken everything out once she screamed in his face about not wanting to be a monster – a weapon in human skin – but it hadn’t been enough. She had been furious with him for putting the code in without permission, so angry she had been beyond words, glaring at him so fiercely he had worried for a few seconds that she was going to melt his face off somehow despite the fail-safes he had put into Extremis.She hadn’t left his lab until he had put things right.He hadn’t taken everything out, although looking back on it now it might have been just as big a mistake as putting them in her code in the first place. He had left her with shielding powers. It was for her protection, he had reasoned; hers and Happy’s, seeing as how when she had moved out of the tower, they had moved in together.The armor he had built for her, tentatively nicknamed Rescue, now sat in one of Tony’s many armor vaults in Stark Tower, forgotten and locked away. He hadn’t been able to get rid of it – hadn’t been able to look at it either for that matter. Maybe Natasha could use it someday if she needed it; then it might not go to waste.Pepper may have left him, but thankfully she hadn’t left her job as CEO. Tony was grateful for that. She had worked her way up from the secretarial pool, suffered through the insults and crude comments when people had seen her working with a drunken manwhore like him, and she deserved every second of praise she had received and then some; she deserved a life of her own, without him dragging her down. He had told her that too, and she had smiled softly at him the way she used to when they had first become friends.As it stood now, they were talking but they hadn’t seen each other face to face since the night she had left. He wasn’t sure if that was good or bad, although to be fair he wasn’t sure he would be able to handle seeing her without a few drinks in him f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (past)
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone (past)
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan (background)

freeform: 
Vampires
Character Turned Into Vampire
unwilling change into a vampire
Blood and Gore
Violence
Death
Loss of Control
Loss of Virginity
Virgin Steve
Vampire! Tony
Tony Feels
Angst
Corpses
Supernatural Elements
Panic Attacks
PTSD
set after Iron Man 3
Isolation
persecution by the media
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Violent Thoughts
Biting
Blood Drinking
Extremis
Vampire-Extremis fusion
Horror
Steve Rogers Feels
Friends to Lovers
Minor Injuries
Serious Injuries
Hallucinations
Dreams and Nightmares
hydrophobia
assisted suicide (minor character)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (past)
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone (past)
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan (background)

