Chapter 1: Darkness
    


Notes:
Hey folks! Aconitine here from 2020. A few things to know before you read:
Half-Step is unfinished, and in its current form will likely remain so. Both I and my writing have changed a lot since I started this piece, and while I may some day post a completed version, I'd want to fully rewrite it—I just don't have time in my life to do that right now.
I'd also like to add a brief disclaimer that I've learned and matured a lot since when Half-Step left off, and I no longer agree with some of the concepts and portrayals herein. I've considered taking it down a few times, or orphaning it, but I know it was meaningful to a lot of people and so I've decided to leave it here with author's notes intact. Please be patient with my teenaged self's worldview; I still had (and will always have) a lot to learn.
Finally, a deep thank-you to everyone who supported me through writing this and who still comments to this day. I owe a lot of who I am today to the early MCU community, even if I run different circles now. I still read all the comments left here, even if I don't always have time to respond.
Stay safe, take care of each other, and enjoy the fic. <3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
When he’d first been forced to his knees and sentenced, the gilded halls and gleaming marble floors mocking the once-and-should-be king, he had been afraid. He never showed it, staring as calmly and impassively as ever at the (once) father before him as the prophecies played out. The sun was setting, casting long shadows as its golden face sank beneath the horizon and throwing a rainbow into the sky to match the Bifrost’s glory. And wasn’t that just the most suiting metaphor? The beginning of the end. The bringer of twilight. The pieces were being gathered for the last great acts of chaos and fire—the terror of a monster scorned.
Thor advanced toward him, his eyes colder than Jötunheim’s cruel frost, and for a fraction of a second the silver in his hand caught a sliver of light and shone brighter than the Tesseract. That cruel and torturous cube which he had never truly meant to take, only ever borrow for learning’s sake. Knowledge had always been his one great weakness, and education his drug of choice. The jewel of Odin’s many conquests—how could he have ever resisted?
But then he fell. Cast himself into nothingness in the hopes it would finally end, except that freedom never came—he just kept falling, dropping through Yggdrasil’s branches and the horrors of the abyss. Still he kept his mind intact, his one treasure even as terror gripped him all the stronger, but it was not enough.
Not when he was gripped tight by Him and landed on that place between realms.
He can’t remember how it happened—his memory is hazy, as if his body knows that to remember would be worse than death—only remembers the strangled scream. A pain so great that it shattered him, the feeling of being torn apart as his very essence was stripped from him. It was as though every molecule was rent in two and his body razed to the ground with the loss.
His magic, the treasure that made him Loki, was gone.
It should not have been possible, to take such a thing from him. Not even the Allfather in all his power could have done it. Perhaps the emptiness of the abyss had already begun to claim and unravel him. If only he could have kept falling. Surrender. Die.
When He asked him to find it, he somehow managed to resist. Days, months, years, who knew in that poisonous berry on some strangling vine of the world tree.… But when the staff was placed in his hand, its power a soothing balm to the searing void within him, he could fight no more. With a suggestion planted and a madness growing, not even for a realm of innocents could he struggle against Him.
So he had stumbled into the darkness of a new realm—that awful thing He had slipped into his mind twisting every seed of grief, and fear, and rage into a blazing flame of murderous intent—and burned the world to the ground.
(Never had Thor noticed. Not the way he hesitated, the way he drew together the perfect team to stop him. Not the way his once shining green eyes had slipped to the hazel that had been gone since he was barely five hundred years old, nor the way that he was careless in each and every action, all a show and no subtlety. He'd never looked. Never seen. Never cared.)
Thus was he forced to nearly kowtow to his kidnapper—the man who had dared to call a monster son—condemned to eternal torture without so much as a word in his defence. Thor, who had so desperately called him brother even when blinded to the truth of his motivations, held him to the ground and pulled the leather roughly through his skin with no glint of remorse in his eyes. Not even when the first tears his brother had shed in front of him since he’d gained his magic traced paths down his cheeks. The prince had sewn his mouth shut and silenced the truth on the liesm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
PTSD
Drug Use
Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
Mental Instability
Graphic Violence
Loki's not entirely sane
But then again none of the Avengers really are either
Wall-to-wall Snark
Blind Character
Supervillains go to the Supermarket
Bromance
Past Torture
Everyone Needs a Therapist
Blind!Loki
Some really damn questionable Asgardian morals

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

