Work Text:
Clint thought that on the whole he was pretty good at adapting to new and challenging experiences. Taking down a six-truck convoy with two arrows, a busted collarbone, no cover, and a windstorm?  Bring it. Figuring out a plan on the fly to get out of rural China when an op went to shit, the undercover guy they were bringing home was too drugged to find his own ass, the demolitions guy was dead, and the AOC had taken a hit that knocked him cold, without a working vocabulary in Chinese or any other backup?  Done it.  Dealing with Stark and Thor at Disneyland?  With Thor in full-on magical-wonderment attitude and Stark attempting, repeatedly, against the admonitions of everyone, to improve rides while they were in progress? Worst day of his life up through last week, kind of (not really, but Jesus, totally in the running), and yet, he'd survived.So far this week was looking like the week that might actually kill him dead.It turned out that a raging case of diaper rash on the butt of a screamy, squirmy, barely-walking kid with the remains of a shiner and some nasty lingering fingerprint bruises on one arm, whose nose had never once stopped running in four days and whose entire vocabulary consisted of no, toppit, weo futter, and tuttup was the thing that was to be his demise--Clint had realized after hearing this run of vocabulary over and over with nothing else but snuffling and sobbing in between that this meant someone had called the kid a (little?) fucker and told him to stop it and shut up so many times he hadn't gotten around to learning any other words.  He hadn't even called out for a mama or anything else that might be that once, and goddamn, Clint related to that a lot more than he was happy about.Which was why, despite that he estimated himself to be somewhere between utterly and profoundly underqualified to be any kind of parent figure even for a little while, and also had had no prior intention of doing any such thing--hell, he'd taken steps to make sure it couldn't happen by accident before he'd ever gone undercover, just in case--he had found himself completely unable to turn the kid (Sam.  His name was Sam.) over to the foster system until a 'forever family' (yeah, like those were a real thing, a part of him threw in with a snort, even though for a toddler he knew the odds were ...okay) could be found.  Apparently, just because Clint had taken himself out of his brother's life a good fifteen years earlier, he wasn't off the hook as Sam's only blood relative that wasn't dead or in jail.  And he couldn't just leave him to the mercy of the system.  At least the bruises were healing and it looked like nothing worse had happened.  He hoped.  Poor kid.  Poor butt, too; it was red and sore and only now finally getting any better, and Clint was pretty sure this only reinforced his belief the kid hadn't been well or even adequately cared-for in the days it took for the system to track him down in the first place, much less before that.  Well, for the system  to try to locate him, and then for SHIELD to notice and tell him, and for him to have no idea what the fuck drugs his mouth was taking that the rest of him wasn't when he told them to let him be found.Seriously, maybe talking with the psych staff was actually, in this single isolated case, not that bad of an idea.  "Okay, little dude," he said, slathering on the prescription cream the social worker had left with him and wondering again at just how easy she had seemed to find it to trust him with an entire baby (toddler?  What the hell, 14-month-old), "I hope this helps.  But if not, I hope you at least believe I'm trying and maybe stop snotting at me for like ten minutes, all right?""No."  "Right, obviously.  Ten seconds?  Hey, a guy can hope."  Clint fastened up the diaper tape and picked the kid up, carefully arranging him in his lap so that the least pressure was on the sore area, then handed him a cheerio.  "Yes?""No," Sam said, taking the cheerio and cramming it in his mouth."Okay, so I think that was a yes, actually, but I'm not sure how to teach you that.""Tuttup, weo futter.""You got it."  Clint offered another cheerio and picked up his phone to text Nat. "And for reference, if my brother hadn't already been taken out of the equation, I'd do some seriously unspeakable things to him for calling you that.  Jesus, you'd think he'd have--anyway."He thumbed words into the phone.  Someone has to come help me teach this kid there are other words besides no and a bunch of shit no one-year-old should say.She texted back, thirty seconds later, I do not associate with small children.  Ask Stark.  Same emotional age.
What if I keep him?  Then you'll have to associate eventually, won't you?

I shall have to acclimate.  In very small doses.  Ask Stark. Fifty says he loves kids.
Loves messing with kids, maybe.  Not a fucking chance.  Clint held a small pile of cheerios in the palm of his hand and waited.  Sam scowled.  "It's okay, man.  Have a chee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Kidfic
get-together
shut up I like sap
Phil is a badass with babies too
Clint isn't sure he can do this
Clint Needs a Hug
Phil's family kind of sucks too
Babies repeat what they hear
reference to past physical abuse of a small child
reference to past homophobia

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

