Work Text:
Amaryllis Ivy Lily Potter looked up at the building she had recently bought in Hempstead, New York, or rather, just outside it. It was close enough to New York to get there quickly but it would give her enough privacy to be ignored by the Wizarding Community – hopefully. It had been on the market for almost three years and Amy had bought it without coming to look beforehand. There had been a house inspection when the last owners put it on the market and it had been cleared, so she was sure that any failures it might have would be simple to fix with a bit of magic.
Amy put the key and the lock and opened the door. It creaked when it opened and Amy felt shivers run up her spine. Lovely, this house was already creeping her out! There would be adventures to be had here! And hopefully none of the death-defying kind.
She put the key down on the table in the hallway before turning right into the kitchen. She smiled as she saw the cupboards and the table with the four chairs in the room. There was a dining room, but Amy knew she probably couldn’t be bothered to use it unless she had guests. She crossed the hallway to enter the entertaining room on the other side of the house. It was quite large with a fireplace, comfortable couches and chairs and fluffy carpet to dig her feet in. She just needed to clean everything up, though there was less dust than she had figured there would be. She placed her bag on the couch and wondered if she should clean the bedroom before she sat down. It took five minutes for her to stretch over the couch and fall asleep.
It was dark when Amy woke and she blinked a few times to figure out where she was. She sat up and smiled when she recognised the entertainment room in her new home. She yawned while she stretched her arms over her head and took out her wand. She cast a quick cleaning spell and left the room to enter the kitchen. She opened the refrigerator and blinked when the inside was dark. Of course, it would be. She hadn’t lived in this house yet. She needed to get some food.
She looked at the clock, it was only seven, so there should be some supermarkets open. She took the key from the table in the hall and locked the door behind her. Grocery shopping was not a pleasant experience, but a girl’s got to eat!
 
The Winter Soldier moved silently from the corner of the kitchen he had been stood in when the woman unexpectedly woke up and entered the room. He did not think she had noticed him, there had been no surprise on her face and she did not level as a serious treat yet. Nothing suggested she worked for either HYDRA or SHIELD, and that was a surprise. He would not be surprised if either of them had found him, but for a civilian to just walk into the place? Unlikely, though it somehow seemed to have happened. He couldn’t leave yet. If the place was under surveillance than whoever was looking for him expected him to leave soon, before the woman came back. Not an option.
He would stay and stay out of the way.
 
Something strange was going on, Amy was sure of it. Food went missing from the cupboards, at first, she thought she had eaten it herself, but if she took a slice of ham the next day there was one slice more gone. Was she sleep-eating? She snorted, that would be weird. She patted her stomach, no still as smooth as ever. She had never been very hungry, and now only ate to keep in shape. She let her wand slide out of wand holster and whispered: “Homenum revelio.” Her wand lit up, so there was someone in her house with her. How long had they been here? What was the plan? Were they here to kill her? To capture her? Not all the Voldemort fanatics had been caught, so maybe it was one of them? She turned quickly and her wand lit up to show a man standing in the dark part of the kitchen. She had not been able to see him in the darkness… How good at hiding was he? Why not just use a charm?
He growled, jumped over the table and grabbed her by her throat with a cold hand. It did not feel like normal flesh – and that thought flew out of her head the moment occurred to her she couldn’t breathe. She poked him with her wand and he fell stunned to the floor – you got to love wordless magic.
She coughed to get enough air and then kneeled beside him. He did have a metal arm. His hair was long, to his shoulders, but when she swept it out of his face she saw he was handsome. His dark eyes were staring at her intensely, as if he was already calculating what he would do once he got free. She smiled at him – like she would just let him free.
She waved her wand and sat him on her kitchen chair, before wrapping magically enhanced ropes around him. She was unsure how strong that arm was but she doubted it would be strong enough to go against her charming abilities. She then renevated him and took a step back.
He did not speak, just kept staring at her like he had when he had been stunned.
“So, might telling me who you are?” she asked.
There was a flash of something in his eyes that she did not r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
fem!Harry Potter - Freeform
Ianthe is Bucky and Harry's daughter
The Winter Soldier could have chosen a better hideout!
Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
MoD!Harry Potter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

