Work Text:

Tony’s heats, throughout his life, had been incredibly regular. It had been one thing on a very short list that Howard couldn’t fault him for. He’d been disappointed, of course, in the fact that Tony had been born an Omega, rather than the Alpha that Howard had wanted (although, as a Beta, Howard could maybe go fuck himself a little). Howard had also managed to place at the top of the list – the other list, the one that Howard 

could

 fault him for – such personality traits as Tony’s partying, his womanizing, his drinking… it was all very disappointing to Father of the Year.

At least he’d always been regular. He’d avoided finding an Alpha to get him through his heats, not interested in the connection involved, but he could deal with the problem himself. He’d find his favourite toy, stock up on batteries, and every 180 days he’d lock himself away in his mansion and fuck himself with a vibrating knotting dildo.

It got the job done.

Then Afghanistan had happened. His heart was nearly sliced to ribbons by shrapnel, and Yinsen had saved him with a car battery. Tony had upgraded the system to the arc reactor and become Iron Man.

The electromagnet being powered by that arc reactor was already doing its damage, though. Tony’s hormonal balance shifted, and suddenly his heats were unpredictable and irregular. He went 400 days without a heat. He took up with Pepper, a Beta, and things were good for a while. He didn’t worry about the irregularity of his heats, because it didn’t matter. He’d feel it coming on, and he’d have a day or two to get himself holed up, and leave it at that.

But then Pepper had left him, and wasn’t there to remind him he needed to make sure his supplies were ready. He went through three heats in Avengers Tower in quick succession – he locked himself in the Penthouse and got through them, but he didn’t think to plan for the next heat.

It came suddenly. He hadn’t been expecting it. He’d just 

had

 his heat, goddammit. He locked himself in his suite and set up the Do Not Disturb protocol. The Avengers knew the protocol – Tony would stay in his suite for a few days and then come out fresh as a daisy, if a bit tired, and life would resume as normal. The team was full of Betas, mostly, except Natasha and Steve. Tony was desperately afraid of Natasha and what she could do to him. And Steve… well, Tony tried not to think too hard about what Steve could do to him – except sometimes when he was rolling around with his knotting dildo. 

Thor, of course, didn’t have a designation.

The first day of Tony’s heat passed uneventfully. It was just like any other. His ass was loose and open and slick, and his vibrating dildo was getting him through the worst of his urges. Sometimes he jerked off, but most of the time he fucked himself with the toy. As his channel got slicker and tighter, the dildo’s sensors picked up on it and the base would swell, mimicking an Alpha’s knot. The sensation would draw out Tony’s orgasm until he was a whimpering mess on the bed.

The second day of Tony’s heat was different. The batteries in his dildo died around noon. He was panting, moaning – he’d been close to coming, so the sad, slow whir of the toy giving up the ghost had been a serious let-down.

Ever one to persevere, Tony had reached over to his bedside drawer for the extra batteries.

He came up empty.

He rolled, peering into the drawer. There were three empty packages with ‘Duracell’ stamped on the cardboard, but no batteries. 

He checked a different drawer. No joy.

Any other time, he would just have JARVIS send DUM-E up from the lab with an extra pack of batteries. Tony went out of his way to avoid human contact during his heats, but a bot would have done the job. But this time, in particular, that wasn’t an option – Tony had set JARVIS up to back up off-site and reboot. It was a four day process, and it couldn’t be paused once it had begun.

Panting, he dropped his head onto the pillow, sighing. Fine. He’d probably be fine without the fake knot, right? 

He only had another day or so to his heat. It might even be shorter than normal because his body’s schedule was off. He could last until it was over, or until JARVIS came back online.

The point of a heat was to orgasm repeatedly – well, okay, that wasn’t the 

point

, but it was the only thing that would keep the heat from burning him up from the inside out. He could jerk off, could still fuck himself with the dildo. It didn’t have to vibrate or knot him. A cock in the ass was a cock in the ass, right? 

Except… it wasn’t.

He tried. All afternoon and into the evening, he tried. He shoved the dildo into himself with increased vigour, he slathered his hand in lube and jerked his cock until it was red and hot and swollen, but he couldn’t seem to go over the edge. He got close a few times, but he just couldn’t get himself there.

“Fuck,” he moaned, squeezing his eyes shut. He knew it wouldn’t 

actually

 kill him. He knew that. Heats were, typicall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
A/B/O
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
mention of masturbation
Sex Toys
Knotting
Cap-IM Bingo

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

