Chapter 1: Five Years Later
    


Notes:
DISCLAIMER REFRESHER: I didn't know how to tag for this, so I'd like to include a disclaimer here that this setting deals with drastically altered political history which leads to different relations between nations in the present. This is not meant to be judgment or commentary on real-world politics, but just different circumstances that affect the plot throughout the series. The main countries discussed are Russia, China, Japan and the United States.




Chapter Text

Steve wakes up with a taste like rancid butter in his mouth, and an ache in his neck like he slept on a bed of elbows. 

Nope, he thinks. Just his couch again.

“Why do I even own a bed?” He asks the inside of his eyelids. He manages the monumental task of staggering out from under his jacket, kicking over no less than four bottles with various levels of beer still inside, and finding his phone without even opening them. He’d had quite a bit of practice navigating the minefield of his apartment since he moved to DC. 

Despite the chaos of his evenings, Steve still keeps to a meticulous schedule between 0900 and 1700. If he winds up in dereliction again the director would hear about it, so the general would hear about it, and then Steve would hear about it, and Steve had been pretty much 

done 

hearing about it, so he keeps to his routine, does his job, and saves his messes for off-duty hours. How he manages to wake up without a hangover every morning is anyone’s guess.

He oftentimes feels like he sleepwalks through all of it, so maybe it’s the repetition and a lifetime of training that gets him through the worst of his nightly mistakes. Today is no different. Up. Shower. Shave. Breakfast. Clean shorts, clean uniform slacks, clean uniform shirt, uniform service cap, uniform necktie in a crisp Windsor knot. He makes sure all the bling—the Joint Chiefs of Staff badge, rank, bars, blue infantry service rope and nameplate—are all perfectly aligned with a small ruler on his freshly pressed uniform jacket.

Steve’s fingers linger on the purple bar with gold edges in particular, and he doesn't think about Sakhalin.

 
Steve is greeted at the gate (and reception, and the elevator, and main entry to the J-5 offices,) with a perfect salute. He always has a perfect salute in return, a cheerful laugh or a question about families or sports or Game of Thrones. Not everyone has time to say much when they're on duty at the Pentagon, but Steve always makes an effort to be personable, to prove to whomever was watching that he was, of all things, content.

“Good morning, sir,” greets Private Lorraine at the desk near his office. She’s particularly bubbly this morning, and since she’s one of the most bubbly people he’s ever met that’s saying something. 

“Good morning, private,” he answers back, effortlessly matching her cheerful tone. “What has you in such a good mood today?” 

“You’ll find out soon enough, sir,” she says, with a knowing wink. He blushes just about every time she smiles at him and she always blushes back. It’d be inappropriate if it were real, but it’s just a game they've played since she was assigned his secretary. Steve isn't sure how it started or how he could possibly have the nerve. He suspects her teasing makes her feel a bit more human too, since they spend so much of their lives trapped in uniforms. “Director Fury is in your office and I think he has good news about your cat initiative.” 

“Well,” Steve beamed. “That’s good for all of us then, isn’t it?” 

“Yes, sir.” She agrees in a tone that suggests what Steve just said was adorable. She might not actually see the value in creating special programs for feline veterans, but it doesn’t get in the way of her job. He could be the only person in the whole directorate—or the entire Joint Staff for that matter—that actually thinks combat cats deserve a second shot at life. He’d be damned if that managed to discourage him after everything he’d gone through to get his proposal in front of the president.

The Joint Chiefs public affairs offices are located on the second floor of the D ring of the concentric circles of the Pentagon building. Steve’s own office is appropriately nestled between them and the rest of the J-5, the Strategic Plans and Policy directorate where his father managed to invent a whole new occupation that kept Steve both too busy to make trouble and too disillusioned to care. Steve could say a lot about his arrogant, stubborn, alcoholic father, but not that he isn't a master tactician.

Most of the time Steve just has to worry about the President’s military “optics,” which is just a fancy term for social media status. Unlike the Press Secretary, his role is to manage how the public views the President when it comes to being Commander in Chief of the United States Armed Forces, in particular. It’s not quite a public affairs role, not quite a military role, and not quite an intelligence role, but somehow it manages to contain the bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Cat/Human Hybrids
Cat Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Military
Urban Fantasy
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Anthropomorphic
Xenobiology
Conspiracy
Politics
Cat Ears
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
Cat Tony Stark
Cat Clint Barton
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Has Panic Attacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

