Work Text:

 One. 
Bruce stared at the blackout windows of Tony's lab and sighed. His friend had been in there for close to two days since their last battle. A bank robbery normally wouldn't require the Avengers, but a diplomat's girlfriend was one of the tellers and he demanded to have the most qualified team on the job. Tony had been against the idea, stating emphatically that they were not qualified, oblivious to the venomous glares from two former spies. Ms. Hill agreed, much to the surprise of the others, but stated the mission carried more political significance than actual threat.They had geared up, with Steve taking the lead on making contact while Clint and Natasha focused on retrieving hostages. Bruce and Tony were working on discerning the composition and firepower of the bombs that could be seen through the glass doors.As it turned out, Tony was right. The negotiation for hostages escalated to a shouting match then an explosion, spilling chaos into the streets and resulting in property damages and civilian casualties. Thankfully there were no deaths but a little girl suffered severe head trauma, they were all waiting tensely for the update from the hospital.Throwing one last glance at the closed doors, Bruce walked back to the elevator with a heaviness in his steps. He felt responsible for hulking out – as Tony fondly termed it – when the bomb detonated; his control had improved with his meditative efforts but was still too brittle for his liking. Bruce wanted to talk with his friend, who understood better than their other teammate, but Tony wasn't available because he had a habit of isolating himself in times of emotional distress. Bruce pushed down the swell of bitterness valiantly, reminding himself that Tony was hurting too. "He's still not answering, though JARVIS assures me he's okay." Bruce offered when he entered the common area, where Steve, Natasha and Clint were gathered."I could have told you he wouldn't answer. Wait, I did." Clint smirked."Tony likes to shut himself away when things get tough. He'll come out soon." Natasha said, her tone carrying a kind of carelessness so calculated that it was anything but. "I did profile the man.""Well, running away never solved anything. It just prolongs the problem." Bruce sighed.Steve nodded, "You gave it a good try, that's all anyone could ask for."Later, when they received the good news that the little girl hadn't lost her sight and would make a full recovery, they all breathed a bit easier.Tony eventually resurfaced and shrugged off their good-natured teasing about his head-in-the-sand habit. 
 Two. 
Steve and Clint reached the kitchen at the same time, both men heading for the refrigerator. It was half past two in the afternoon, which was an unusual time for a meal but hardly surprising given the nature of their work and schedule.Super soldier apparently meant super metabolism, and Steve was starving after the recent battle against some type of sludge monster, likely a product of an experiment gone wrong. The Avengers were called in by Ms. Hill, coordinating their defense initiative and directing them to where help was needed.Clint had just woken up, resetting his internal clock from a stakeout mission the night before. They had received a tip on a possible HYDRA base and some reconnaissance was needed to formulate their next step."How did it go? Gotta say I'm glad I didn't have to fight yucky play-doh." Clint rubbed a hand over his face, smoothing his weary features for a moment before he scowled at the sight of the nearly empty refrigerator."It was alright. The thing was pretty slow and we were able to contain it with just me, Natasha, and Tony." Steve might not have noticed, but there was a hint of condemnation in his voice when he said last name.Clint did notice and raised a questioning brow. "What did he do now?" He grabbed the bottle of half-empty orange juice, not bothering with a glass and gulping down the rest without break."He just took off, didn't wait for the all-clear or attend the debriefing." A frown marred Steve's eternally boyish face. "Ms. Hill has done a lot for us since SHIELD fell and the least he could do is attend the meetings and show some respect.""I'm not surprised, talk about biting the hand that feeds you, you know?" Clint groused. "He's one ungrateful bastard.""Language." Steve chided mindlessly, busy searching for the leftover pasta that seemed to have disappeared. "Hey, want to order a pizza?""Yeah, sounds good." Clint eyed the bare shelves disapprovingly before shifting his attention to the stack of take-out menus. "The BBQ chicken one from Johnny's? They got Tony's card on file."Steve was already dialing the number, nodding when Clint pointed to the breadsticks on the menu and holding up three fingers to indicate the number of orders. 
 Three. 
Clint's farm was a surprise, though next to the existence of his family, it was like comparing a rain drop to a tsunami.Steve did a good job disguising his hurt with s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Hypocrisy
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark-centric
Broken Team Dynamics
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

