Chapter 1





Chapter Text



*             *             *Seven months, two weeks and five days.He kinda misses being in cryo. At least when he was frozen, he wasn’t aware of time passing. He didn’t get bored. He didn’t feel the endless drag of every minute slowly ticking by.Sometimes he deliberately stops keeping track of the time and the number of days, but that makes time go by even slower. He can see the time on a red digital clock in the guard office, since it’s situated right across from his cell. He guesses that’s kinda lucky—the prison is a circular shape so many of the cells don’t have the eye line into the office that he has. He can also see the date—the guards have a paper calendar hanging in the office. They use it to mark down their birthdays and the length of their shifts. One week spent babysitting the world’s most dangerous assassin in a tomb sitting on the bottom of the ocean, then they get rotated out for a two week break.Bucky never gets rotated out, obviously.His cell isn’t that bad. He’s got enough room to do some exercising and a small cot to sleep on. There’s a low wall that separates a shower area, toilet and sink from his cot. He can tend to all of his basic needs right in his little cell. The furniture is all bolted to the floor, which Bucky thinks is a bit pointless. Breaking anything in his cell is the furthest thing from Bucky’s mind. Nobody ever comes into his cell and he’s never let out. He has no doubt that if he breaks something, they won’t bother replacing it. He’ll be hurting himself more than them. Trays of food are shoved through a small opening on the bottom of the door three times a day, but the rest of the door stays firmly closed. The guards are too scared to interact with him. Bucky assumes they’ve been told about the trigger words, but maybe they fear that other words could set him off. Maybe they fear that if Bucky did get triggered, he’d tear the cell—and them—apart.Right.Even when he was in prime physical condition, he couldn’t get out of this cell without his metal arm—which had been removed within hours of him being taken into custody. And now, after seven months of meager nutrition and very little room to exercise, he’s shed a lot of the Winter Soldier’s bulk. Not that he couldn’t do significant damage to the guards, but getting out of the cell—no, that’s not something that’s gonna happen.Whether or not he could damage anything or anyone is irrelevant anyway. There are four canisters of deadly gas on the ceiling of his cell. With a single push of a button from a guard, the cell will flood with gas and Bucky would be dead in seconds. He has to admit they’ve got the whole security thing down figured out, but it makes for an incredibly lonely existence.Thankfully, he’s allowed to read books, but not paper books. The guards don’t want to risk him triggering himself by ripping apart the book and creating the trigger words from the paper letters, so he’s got a little electronic device installed in the wall above his table. He can read the books that the guards load on it. The nice guards will ask him what he’d like to read and then load some titles on for him. The not-so-nice guards will keep the reader turned off. Clearly, there are those that feel that the world’s most dangerous assassin shouldn’t be allowed to read books.He has no idea if access to the books is something the other prisoners get, or if it’s something Steve fought for. If anybody knows how much Bucky loves to read, it’s Steve Rogers. Ironically, it was because of Steve that Bucky learned to love reading in the first place, so everything’s come full circle.Whenever Steve was sick, Bucky would spend hours at his bedside (or right outside the apartment door if Mrs. Rogers deemed Steve too contagious), reading to Steve. When Steve was feeling okay, Bucky would help him catch up with school material, but when Steve was feeling terrible and couldn’t concentrate, it was Bucky’s job as Steve’s best friend to keep him distracted. Steve would get terribly jealous hearing stories about what Bucky was doing outside with the other kids in their neighborhood, so reading to Steve was a better bet for keeping him entertained and distracted from his pain and nausea. Bucky would grab whatever bits of newspaper he could get his hands on and take advertisement flyers off building walls and read them to Steve. It wasn’t much, but it was a distraction. They didn’t have money to afford even pulp magazines, never mind books, and the library didn’t trust somebody like him enough to let him borrow books. On his really lucky days, Bucky would find discarded pulps or books in trash piles, and as long as they weren’t dirty enough to be a threat to Steve, he’d bring them to the Rogers house and read them to Steve, then he’d give them to his sisters.As they got older, reading became less of a pure distraction mechanism, and became a source of joy for both boys. When they were living together and had money left over at the end 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
Deaf Character
Blind Character
Physical Disability
Disabled Character
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Domestic
Not A Fix-It
Deafblindness
Grief/Mourning
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Healing
sensory deprivation due to disabilities

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

