Work Text:
Tony wasn’t entirely sure how it had happened.He remembered the before, easily enough; the discovery of the HYDRA base in Canada, and the meeting with the team about it afterwards. The decision to let Tony do a quick flyby for recon before the whole team went in, and then the actual flight to the base. After that, though, everything was a blurry, pain-and-agony filled blank…Until waking up in a strange bed with the goddamn freaking Winter Soldier looming over him. Then there was yelling, more pain and agony, and a gentle, soothing voice telling Tony to breathe and to stop struggling, because he was going to pull his stitches.Tony fought anyway, panic clawing up his throat, because the last time he’d woken up in a strange place on a strange cot with someone looming over him, said someone had been digging shrapnel out of a hole in chest. The memory made him claw at his chest, though he was stopped by arms that were too strong to be Yinsen’s, and the fact that his right arm wasn’t moving properly anyway.“Shhh, you’re okay,” someone murmured, as something cool and hard touched Tony’s forehead. “Just relax and go back to sleep - the pain medicine should kick in soon.”Tony wanted to protest, because there had never been any pain meds in the cave. Then he remembered he wasn’t in the cave, and realized the thing on his forehead was actually a hand, and -Then he passed out again.~When Tony became aware of things the second time, he made more of an effort to remain calm, despite the fact that he seemed to be in the same bed he’d been in before.It was a little harder to do, however, once he a) tried to move and realized both his right arm and leg were immobilized, and b) looked to the right and saw the Winter Soldier again, this time sitting in a chair right next to the bed.“What the fuck,” Tony gasped, because he couldn’t think of anything else to say. The Soldier furrowed his brow and leaned forward, making Tony tense until he realized he was reaching for the side-table next to the bed and not Tony. When he leaned back, there was a cup in his hand.“Do you think you can drink if I help you, or do you want me to get some more ice?” the Soldier asked, scooting closer to the bed and holding out the cup.Tony stared at him. Then it registered that Soldier was actually talking to him, and he opened his mouth - only to realize how dry it felt.“Water,” Tony choked, and tried to sit up, only to wince and fall back against the pillows. Then the Soldier was there, sliding an arm around Tony’s back and gingerly helping him to sit up, the cup carefully tilted towards Tony’s lips. Tony got three good swallows in before the cup was taken away and he was gently pushed back against the pillows, which would have pissed Tony off more if his back hadn’t been screaming at him to lay down again anyway.“Okay, let’s try this again,” Tony said, after a few deep breaths through his nose. He turned his head and glared at the Soldier, who didn’t seem the least bit fazed by the expression. “What. The. Fuck?”The Soldier cocked his head, then set the cup down. “Are you hungry? I have some broth simmering on the stove,” he said, which was still not an answer to Tony’s question.Tony scowled, which pulled at the sore skin above his right eye and made his face hurt. “I don’t think you heard me. I said -”“‘What the fuck’, yeah, I know, I heard you the first time,” the Soldier said patiently. “Hungry, yes or no?”“I don’t want food,” Tony snapped, even though, just like with the water, now that he was aware of the option his stomach felt uncomfortably empty. “I want to know what the hell I’m doing here, and what I’m doing here with you!”The Soldier sighed. “I’m not HYDRA, and I’m not going to hurt you,” he said, sitting back down and crossing his arms.“I know who you are,” Tony retorted, and noticed the other man tense. “And I didn’t ask about HYDRA, I asked what I’m doing here with you.”The Soldier - Barnes, Tony supposed he should call him - looked wary. Then Tony’s stomach chose that moment to betray him and let out a loud grumble, which seemed to flip some kind of switch in Barnes’s head.“I’ll tell you while you eat,” he said decisively, his wariness suddenly replaced with what looked like determination.~Apparently, Tony had been shot down by one of HYDRA’s new missiles while flying near the base. The Winter Soldier, who’d been keeping a wary eye on the HYDRA base, had seen it happen, and then gotten to Tony before HYDRA could, prying him out of his suit and carrying him back to… wherever they were now, where he had then patched Tony up.Which had been roughly a week ago.“A week?” Tony repeated weakly, once Barnes was done laying out all the facts.Barnes nodded. “You’ve been in and out of consciousness, but this is the first time you’ve really been aware enough to talk.” He paused, then bit the inside of his cheek. “Other than the time you woke up enough to tell me to shove the broth I was feeding you up my ass.”“If it tasted anything like t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Prompt Fill
Tumblr Prompt
imagine tony and bucky
Hurt Tony Stark
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Mother Hen Bucky Barnes
Sick Tony
Sick Character
Hurt/Comfort
Humor
Arguing
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
because Tony Stark is a terrible patient
The tags make this sound much more dramatic than it actually is
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

