Chapter 1





Chapter Text

i am such a suckerand i’m always the last to know.my insides are copper;i’d kill to make them gold.  The first words Clint ever said to Phil Coulson were, “That’s really stupid.” He hadn’t meant to say it out loud, but his brain was struggling with the things this kid was saying about Captain America. Mostly because the same kid had the most beautiful eyes Clint had ever seen.Clint was thirteen. As far as he knew, boys didn’t have eyes that looked like Phil Coulson’s. It made his mouth run dry and his palms sweat.And that’s when he’d opened his mouth and said, “That’s really stupid,” interrupting Phil’s detailed explanation of his trading card collection.Phil blinked at him. His cheeks went a little pink, which was also pretty. It made Clint scowl. “They’re not stupid,” Phil said softly, the corner of his mouth twitching. “They’re vintage.”“Who the hell cares about Captain fucking America?” Clint said, and luckily the bell for the start of the school day rang, saving him from having to watch Phil get even more blushy and hurt-looking, even though Clint didn’t care. Clint didn’t even know him.It was the first day of seventh grade, in a new school and a new town, with brand-spanking-new foster parents who didn’t give a crap about him. They were nice enough—they still hadn’t yelled at him, which was always a plus—but Clint knew how to read the signs of apathetic fosters. Apathetic beat abusive any day, though. He’d learned that the hard way.What he hadn’t expected was to slip into homeroom unnoticed and somehow end up sitting next to a guy with annoying blue eyes and a hard-on for superheroes. He had all his school supplies lined up neatly on his desk; fuck, he had the expensive kind of ballpoint pens, the kind Clint used to shoplift from the Target in his last town. Clint was pretty sure Phil never had to shoplift a thing in his life.So, yeah, he’d told the guy his cards were stupid and pretended to enjoy the way his face crumpled up like Clint had insulted his mom or something. Whatever. Clint reached under his desk and rubbed his sweaty palms on his jeans.“Jerkwad,” he heard Phil mumble under his breath, and that had been that. Clint knew he hadn’t made a friend.Phil Coulson was the last person Clint needed to make friends with, anyway.  
three years later
 “We’re not having this discussion again, Phil.” His mom gave that withering sigh that usually meant Phil was wearing down her defenses, but he still had a lot of work to do.“C’mon, we both know you don’t have time to be driving me back and forth every day and picking me up from practice,” Phil said in his most earnest, wide-eyed tone. “You told me to get more involved, I’m just following your orders!”She raised an eyebrow. “They weren’t orders, they were suggestions, and don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing. I was an almost-sixteen-year-old once, too, you know.” “So does that mean you’ll think about it?”“Let’s see how this varsity soccer thing goes and I’ll consider it. How about you worry about me funding your college education before we start buying you cars?”Phil beamed. “If I get a full-ride to an NCAA school, you won’t have to worry about it.”His mom rolled her eyes, then laughed. “You always have an answer for everything,” she replied with obvious affection. “Wonder who you got that from?”He leaned across the console and kissed her cheek. “No clue,” Phil said. He had friends he adored, but sometimes he knew, deep down, that his mom was his best friend. The past few years since the divorce had been hard, but their relationship was stronger because of it.As Phil stood on the corner in front of the main school doors as his mom drove off, he slung his duffel bag full of soccer gear over one shoulder and his backpack over the other. He felt the usual first-day jitters, but this year was going to be different. This year he was a sophomore starter for the varsity soccer team, thanks to a long, hard spring spent in the gym. Phil wasn’t scrawny anymore—well, he liked to think he wasn’t scrawny, at least. He’d grown a good five inches over the summer, and his t-shirts were tighter around his shoulders. No one really had an excuse to call him Weasel Boy, not that a lot of people did.Just one guy.Who happened to be standing right behind Phil when Phil turned around, smoking a cigarette and texting on his phone.However, it seemed like Barton didn’t really notice who Phil was until he glanced up from his phone and met Phil’s gaze. He blinked at Phil, and his eyes flared before narrowing into a nasty scowl. Phil tipped his chin up and squared his shoulders, waiting for the inevitable Clint Barton cutdown. It was the first time he’d seen him since May, and it occurred to Phil rather suddenly that they were finally the same height. He no longer had to look up at Barton or feel the usual angry jealousy over Barton’s early growth spurt back in eighth grade, which had not only made him taller and broader than Phil, but also made Barto
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Enemies to Lovers
stupid boys doing stupid things
Puppies in love

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

