Chapter 1: Rewind
    


Notes:
OK story time guys! Like a month ago I sat down and started writing this story and was 2 chapters in before stopping it. One morning I woke up and turned on my tumblr to see Andrew and Ryan kissing all over the place. My heart soared and I screamed like a fangirl for like three hours straight. Anyways I hopped back onto this fic. I was so inspired I'm like 16 chapters into this story already! Yeah you heard me... I have 16 chapters done already what whatttt Also comments help inspire me to let me know you like it. It also makes my confidence soar!Anyways Enjoy!




Chapter Text
//~~~~~~Chapter 1~~~~~~~~\\"Get him!"Gun fire exploded from the dozen guns that let loose from the thugs surrounding the warehouse full of boxed cargo. There was a blur of red and blue between the rafters, swinging back and forth, dodging bullets as if it had a sixth sense of where the bullets were going. The figure dropped down onto a large pile of wooden crates, crowched in the ever so popular superhero landing. His masked face looking up as the men turned to look for him, not seeing him in the dark room. One goon in a black sweater pointed up at him, "Look there's the spider! Get em'!"As all the men took aim, a chain jingled to their right and someone spoke up in a sing song voice, "Yoo Hoo! Oh boys!"Their heads turned just in time to see a figure clad in red leather with black panda eyes, come swinging down on a chain, holding a katana in one hand while the other clutched around the metal. They hardly had time to process that he was coming for them, or the fact that he was singing 'I came in like a wrecking ball', before the sword sliced through four of the gun men's head like butter. Blood sprayed the other gun men like a fountain, making some gag while others began firing randomly in the air, trying to get the blood from their eyes.Bullets sprayed the air as the figure on the chain flipped off and behind the gunmen that were fireing."Deadpool stop!" A web shot out and snatched his katana away as he was about to stab someone else. The panda eyed man sighed angrilly as he looked up to the red and blue clad figure that was standing upside down on the rafters like a bat."Not a fan of the Cyrus? Well how about LMFAO? Shot shot shot shot!" He pulled out his guns and began fireing them off with the song, taking out five more men.Another web shot out into his hand, jamming the gun which he threw away in anger and glared up at the hero. "Come on! You're being a cock block!""Calm down before I string you up!" The masked hero climbed down from the crates, sticking to the surface. "Oh, kinky! Didn't know Spidey had a thing for bondage." Deadpool smashed two guys heads together as he stepped over the other dead bodies.Spidey shot a web to the two men he just smashed together to tie them up, "Does your mind ever take a break from all the dirty jokes? Or is this a 24-7 kind of thing?""Baby you know I could go on forever."Spider-Man faultered at the tone as he looked over to a smirking Deadpool, "Really man? Now is not the time for that!"Deadpool looked his spidey partner up and down a few times before cocking his head to the side, "There's always time for a little hanky panky.""Did you seriously just call it hanky panky?""Don't like that name? How about this- I'll be little miss Muppet, chilling on my tuppet till along comes a spider and-"Spidey waved his hands, "Ah ah I don't need an image thank you very much.""Course you don't babe!- cuz you'll be living it soon." Deadpool made a gun with his fingers and took aim at Spider-man's ass before making a pow sound and giving him a wink."Real mature-""Ahhhh!" A man came around the corner screaming, holding a belt filled with grenades, one of which had the top popped off."Oh shit!" Spiderman and Deadpool shouted as they turned towards the door.(FREEZE) The world slowed down to a frozen stop, mid-run, mid-scream, mid-everything. A mini Deadpool pops up in the corner waving.(I know what you're all thinking. What the FUCK is going on? I clicked on this for the ass-pounding, totally gay love that is spideypool. What gives? Well sorry to tell you pervs but before we get to the smut we have to go to the begining. Writer! Rewind this bitch!)[Everything began backtracking super fast, as Deadpool quickly points the remote to the screen and hit's play.]Peter grasped onto Wade's shoulder, fingers digging into the hard flesh as the mercinary railed into him. The kitchen table creeking loudly as Wade pushed Peter into its wooden surface and fucked him harder."Ah Oh god!" Peter screamed, his cheeks pink, breathing heavy as his climax was about to hit.(WOAH WOAH WOAH NOT FAR ENOUGH! Keep going!)[Deadpool quickly hit the rewind button again and the picture speeds up past the smut that had the mercinary even blushing.](There! Ok go!)[Stop. Play. Go]The pool sticks clicked together, glasses clinking, voices cursing, laughing, and sluring all through the smoak filled bar of Sister Marga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Wade/Peter
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Protective Wade
Spideypool Smut
Origin Stories cross
Jerk Uncle Ben
Top Wade
underage peter
Secret Identity
High school Peter
college Peter
Broke Peter
Wade is madly in love with Peter
Peter is madly in love with Wade
Lots of spideypool sex
Peter is 19 Now
Peter is underage in the beginning and some flashbacks
By Underage I Mean 17

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Wade/Peter
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

