Work Text:
Bucky had it all planned.He wanted to surprise Steve with something he’d always wanted to buy him in the 40’s. It was this incredibly expensive paint set, an array of watercolours, paint brushes, pallets full of radiant colours and canvas paper. So, he had planned to go out and buy the gift he had been dying to get his hands on. He just hadn’t expected this to happen.“Hey, Stevie,” Bucky said, when he reached Steve’s voicemail, “I’m just out, gettin’ a few things. I won’t be long, baby. Sorry, it’s so late. Love you.”The truth was that they didn’t have the gift in stock at the moment and told Bucky to come back some time in the week. He hated lying to Steve, but all would become clear within a couple of days. It didn’t. Every night Bucky would go out, searching the city for an art supply store that would sell Steve’s gift but every one he visited, said the same thing – that they were sold out. It was the New Year and stock was running low, it would be at least two weeks, before he was able to get his hands on the set. And he hated having to give Steve excuses, but he didn’t want to spoil the surprise. He wanted to see that look on his sweetheart’s face when he opened the present. Steve hadn’t seemed, at least not at first, to be bothered by Bucky’s disappearances. Steve knew that Bucky loved him and would never step out on him or get mixed up in anything dodgy. At least, Bucky, who had been back with Steve, at the Compound for some time, after everything with Tony was cleared up and SHIELD came back, out of the shadows, was making solid progress with his mental state. T’Challa had fitted him a new arm. He was on medication and had weekly therapist appointments. He’d gained his patchy memories back, the fog cleared and the scenes of his past flashed in bright colours before his eyes, thanks to Wanda. He wasn’t perfect. By no means. And he still had nightmares, he stilled blamed himself. He still tried to do some good, like they all did really, to try and make up for the blood on his hands. It wouldn’t fix it, it wouldn’t erase the years of torture, but at least now, Bucky could be the nightmare Hydra had always forced him to be. Expect not on innocent people. On Hydra, themselves. So, in having done all of that, he had forgotten, naively, that Steve, as strong as he was, was fragile on the inside. And he hadn’t thought about what the lies would do to him.  
***
Steve tried not to panic. He trusted Bucky. He did, with his life, with his heart. But the part of his mind that always seemed to win, the dark, insecure part, was telling him that Bucky had found someone better. That he had left Steve or was planning to. He knew Bucky needed space but he tried not to worry Bucky by shying away from him. He did all the ordinary things – worked on his art, went on missions and had dates with Bucky, but he was slowly dying inside. One night he had a panic attack after Bucky’s call. Another night he had a nightmare that Bucky had died and never came back. Last night, he had a dream where Bucky was getting married to someone else. And earlier, in the evening when Bucky had said he was, “going out with Natasha”, he thought nothing of it. But when the dark gloom of the night came crawling over him, he knew what was coming. He just couldn’t stand it. The room was too small, it was closing in on him and he couldn’t breathe. He could barely stand but he ran out of the room and down the stairs. What he saw made his heart stop. Natasha. She was sitting there watching TV with Clint and Sam. They hadn’t noticed Steve at the top of the stairs. They didn’t seem him run back up and slam his bedroom door. They didn’t hear the sobs he let out as he sank down onto the floor, crying into his hands. Bucky’s not out with Nat, he’s with someone else. Someone better. Better than me, Steve thought, tears splashing into his hands, heat flaring down his body. Shame. I’m nothing. Nothing. Useless. Not good enough, he thought, rocking himself. He staggered to his feet and got into bed, under the covers. He curled up on Bucky’s side of the bed and took in his scent. He was safe here. It was warm and comforting, even if this was the last time he was going to lie here. He knew Bucky was going to come home and break up with him. He’d die. He was already slipping away inside. He couldn’t live without Bucky. He could barely function alone. Bucky doesn’t love me anymore, Steve thought, burying himself into the pillows, hiding from the world. Trying to stifle his sobs. He bit into his lip, drawing blood and let out a whine. He couldn’t even cry properly. What am I going to do? Steve thought, squeezing his eyes shut, heart breaking sounds leaving his throat as he tried to disappear into the covers. I have to go. I have to go away for good. That’s what Bucky wants. Doesn’t want me around anymore. He’s found someone better. Steve cried harder, loud enough that Natasha heard sounds coming from the bedroom. I need him. I can’t live without him. I’ll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Established Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Angst
Adorable Steve Rogers
Shy Steve Rogers
Blushing Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Depressed Steve Rogers
implied depression
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Protectiveness
Worried Bucky Barnes
Self Confidence Issues
Self-Hatred
Kissing
True Love
Love Bites
Endearments
Praise Kink
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Returns
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Making Love
Emotional Sex
Anal Sex
Sweet/Hot
Gentle Sex
Happy Sex
Rough Sex
It's All Kinds of Sex
Light BDSM
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom/sub
Subspace
Aftercare
Hand Feeding
Feeding Kink
Multiple Orgasms
Coming Untouched
Overstimulation
Needy Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

