Work Text:

Steve sat on the floor beside the elevator doors on the Avengers’ common floor. He knew it was humiliating, but he didn’t care. Natasha would walk by from time to time, giving him a knowing arch of her eyebrow, but she didn’t say anything about it. 

They all knew what Tony was doing up in his suite. They were well versed in the protocol for when Tony went into heat. No contact, and the elevator was locked. And no matter what, no Alphas. 

Steve wasn’t sure what it was Tony had against Alphas. He didn’t know if Tony had had a bad experience, or if he had just vilified the idea of commitment so much that the idea of mating with someone he could bond with was too much to bear.

Either way, Steve made himself respect it. He tried not to think about it, whenever Tony went into heat. He didn’t tell anyone he could smell the pheromones from down in the common floors. When the alert came to their phones, that Tony was going dark for three days, and Rhodey would stay on alert in case War Machine was needed in his absence, Steve would spend a lot of time going for runs in Central Park, volunteering in various soup kitchens – anything that would get him away from the tower.

He didn’t know what was different, this time. He’d just decided he could tough it out. The tempting aroma of Tony in heat, desperate and wanting and gorgeous… God. Steve wanted him, had wanted him for years, but the first thing he’d seen in his SHIELD briefing was that while Tony was an Omega, he wanted nothing to do with Alphas. Besides – at the time, Tony had been in a relationship with a Beta. 

He and Pepper had been good together, no doubt. It was more common, really, for Alphas and Omegas to be with Betas – Betas outnumbered the other designations of the population seven to one. It was rare for an Alpha and an Omega to meet, be compatible, and bond. So Steve knew, the idea of being with Tony, of knotting him and bonding with him, was a pipe dream.

But he wanted it.

So when he’d been toughing out the smell of arousal and sex from upstairs, and the scent had turned cloying and desperate and scared and painful, he couldn’t help himself. He couldn’t take the elevator up – it was coded specifically not to allow him, or anyone else, upstairs. Even with JARVIS offline, it was impossible.

But Steve was nothing if not resourceful, so he climbed the shaft. Seven floors, and then a moment to rend the elevator doors open in Tony’s penthouse, and his senses were assaulted with the rich scent of Tony, of sex and desire, of heat.

And when Tony had whispered to him through the door, had asked him to stay… it had taken every ounce of strength Steve could muster to say no, to back away and leave the penthouse and send DUM-E up with batteries. 

But he couldn’t stay. Not when Tony was so desperate, not when Tony’s mind was racing and fogged with heat-lust. 

If he was going to be with Tony, he wanted it to be real. Genuine. He wanted Tony to 

decide

 to let Steve in, consciously and seriously.

Not that Steve hadn’t gone back down to his own suite, the musky scent of Tony’s sex still lingering in his nostrils, and stroked his erection to a mortifyingly quick orgasm.

He shouldn’t have sent the note. He knew that was playing dirty. He knew that was… playing on Tony’s sense of desperation. But he wanted Tony to know why he’d refused. He didn’t want Tony to think it was because Steve didn’t want him.

God, no. Steve wanted.

It took another day or so for Tony’s heat to break, and when it finally did, Steve wanted nothing more than to go up to his suite, press him against the wall, and show Tony just how much he’d wanted to say yes. But he didn’t. He knew that wouldn’t be fair. Not when Tony had been so desperate when they’d last spoken.

The right thing to do would be to pretend. Pretend it hadn’t happened at all. If Tony wanted to, he could approach Steve, but Steve wasn’t going to be the one who started the conversation.

It wasn’t that he was afraid of rejection. Well, he was. A little. But the truth was, it was important to him to know that Tony was with him because he wanted to be, not because of biology. Not because Steve was an Alpha and Tony was an Omega. He knew that happened – some Omegas bonded with an Alpha they didn’t particularly like, because the bonding scent of an Alpha overpowered their own sense of self. Steve didn’t want that for Tony. He wanted all of it to be Tony’s choice. 

So he didn’t seek Tony out, once the scents in the tower returned to normal. He kept to his own routine – training, running, more training. Tony went about his own life, too – meetings, projects, obscene amounts of time in his lab. Steve refused to admit he was actively avoiding Tony, but he thought Tony might be avoiding him, too.

It took three weeks before they found themselves alone together. In, of all places, the elevator.

They were both fidgeting. Steve had been on his way to the common floor, and Tony on his way to his suite, and their timing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
JARVIS is a good bro
A/B/O
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Sex is Special
Waiting For The Right Partner
Sequel
necking
Making Out
Sexually Frustrated
Sexual Frustration
why won't you just have sex already
Bonding
bonding glands
Barebacking
Explicit Sexual Content
omega in heat
Omega sex
biology is complicated
blatant disregard for biology
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Sneaky Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
JARVIS is so done

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

