Work Text:
Tony said it as they walked out of the debriefing for their latest mission. It was a passing mention meant to be a compliment, but the words made Natasha's heart stop in her chest."Oh, hey. Congrats, you're trending on Twitter."The sort of commentary that was made about any woman working in a field considered to be "masculine" tended to lie along the lines of disparaging remarks about her body, sex life (or lack thereof), and rude suggestions about an innate lack of ability to perform specialized tasks regardless of the woman's actual skill level, and Natasha was no stranger to those sort of unwanted and highly inaccurate opinions. She didn't usually have to deal with such comments, reputation being what it was, but when she did she usually found that a well executed hit was more than enough to silence any naysayers. (No one would call the Black Widow sensitive, and a few untruthful words would hardly send her into tears, but that didn't mean she had to put up with them.)Since hunting down each and every person responsible for her trending would be a waste of her time, she made a beeline for Hill's office. It would have been easier to get face time with the Public Relations Department than the Deputy Director, but PR's current stance on the Avengers (any publicity is good publicity as long as it isn't demanding the Avengers be disbanded) guaranteed that they wouldn't care about her opinion.Natasha was trending on Twitter and she wanted it stopped.
Chenda loves cheese (@chendarcheese): Okay what the heck is #girlavenger actually about and why does it sound awesome to me but no one else?
Hill was between meetings and Natasha didn't bother with pleasantries as she was shown in."Stark says I'm trending. I want it stopped."Hill looked up from her desk with raised eyebrows, where she was reading a report while slurping noodles from a Styrofoam cup. She blinked at Natasha a few times before looking her over."Well those boots and that top look great on you, so you should probably lose them, but I'm not so sure about the pants." She shrugged. "You might want to ask Coulson. You know he's got a better grasp on that stuff than I do.""On Twitter," Natasha clarified."Are you sure you want to stop that?" Hill asked, returning her attention to her noodles."Are you really asking me if I'm sure I want to stop the scintillating discussion about which one of my teammates I'm sleeping with and whether or not my boobs are real?""That's not all they're saying." Without looking up, Hill picked a folder off her desk and passed it to Natasha. "PR's already taken note of the situation. This is their report. Read it over. If you don't like what you see, I will personally kill it for you."Natasha took the folder, flipped it open, and glanced down at the first page."What's the point of the hashtag-girlavenger? Making mid-battle snacks for the real Avengers?" Natasha slammed the folder shut and looked back up at Hill. "I can really see the value of having this all over the internet. Thanks for the enlightenment.""You're welcome. Now get out, I'm trying to eat.""Yes sir," Natasha said, tucking the folder under her arm as she stood. If anyone else had told her to read through the file, Natasha would have refused in her own way.  Probably with a well placed knife. Instead, her long-standing relationship with Hill had her trusting the commander's judgement."And stop by medical. Tell Coulson he needs to heal faster. I can't stand another day of dealing with Tony Stark.""Why don't I just wheel his hospital bed down to his office for you?"Hill smiled into her noodles. "That's the sort of initiative S.H.I.E.L.D. expects from you."
The nice guy of your dreams (@dreamniceguy): what happens if the #girlavenger breaks a nail during battle?
Natasha did stop by medical, but Coulson was asleep so he wasn't much for conversation. She hadn't expected much differently. Even though S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors had been able to revive and stabilize him after his encounter with Loki, he was a long way from being fully recovered, or even being released from medical. That still didn't stop her from occupying the lone chair in his room while going through the hefty file Hill had given her.S.H.I.E.L.D. had been transitioning back to paper records for a while now, all for the sake of keeping Tony Stark from nosing into anything he shouldn't, and the folder Hill had given  her was filled with printed pages of blog posts, facebook updates, tweets, and miscellaneous social media reactions. At first, the majority of mentions about her all fell along the same line as the tweet she read in Hill's office and Natasha was reminded of the days before the Avengers Initiative when she was considered to be much more than just a "girl" in a tight bodysuit.Dan the man (@fedoraking69): bet #girlavenger makes a mean sandwich"Well Coulson," she said, glancing up from the papers in her lap to look at the prone man, "What was it that got me on the team? My sandwiches or my blow j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Twitter
Social Media
Heroine Big Bang

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

