Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony wouldn’t meet Wanda’s eyes.
No one else seemed to notice that, or the way the genius did his best to avoid her. When they did have to be in the same area, the man always looked haunted, and flinched if she came too close or used her power without any warning. That much Wanda knew and seemed pleased by – the rest of the team should have picked up on it too. They should have called her out on it, taken her to task for the times she would gleefully use scarlet light to do something she would have done by hand if Tony weren’t in the room. No one mentioned it… so Bucky had to believe he was the only one who saw. The alternative just didn’t bear thinking about.
Steve would say he picked up on it all because he was sweet on the guy, and so pretty hyper-aware of his every move and mood. It was a fair point, but not enough to account for the blindness the rest of the team was displaying. Steve’d have an answer for that too. He’d say Bucky was seeing things that weren’t there because he didn’t like Wanda. Then he’d give sad eyes and wonder again why they couldn’t be friends. After all, Hydra had experimented on her too! They had a lot in common, and if they’d just talk they could help each other.
That was complete and utter fucking bullshit, but he didn’t know how to tell Stevie that without earning his ‘I am very disappointed in you’ face in return. Because in his opinion, he’n Wanda were different as night’n day. She’d volunteered for that shit, and – from what he understood – had very happily marched along to Hydra’s tune. It wasn’t until the Ultron incident that she’d realized that maybe she and her twin weren’t making the best of choices and switched sides. Even now, she didn’t seem all that repentant about what had gone one before that little change of heart. Since he’d fallen off a train, lost his arm and been forced to wear an arm-shaped weapon in its place that hurt all the goddamn time and then been brutalized into becoming a wind-up murder doll, he felt very justified in his lack of sympathy for her so-called ‘plight’. She’d made choices and they’d been shitty and done a fuck-ton of damage, and that sucked – but she’d had the opportunity to choose. Excuse him, Steve, if he thought that was a pretty significant fact.
Besides, he trusted Tony’s judgment more on this one – and not just because he was secretly and quietly pining after him. Tony was a smart fella, and he wasn’t scared of much. Wasn’t even scared of Bucky, and not in the forced, cheerful way that Steve and Sam refused to be scared of him. No, when he’d finally let Steve bring him in from the cold and then met the man for the first time, Tony had met his eyes with a fierce scowl, and said ‘meet me in the pit’. Then he got into an argument with Steve about ‘duels to the death’ and how they were ‘unacceptable’ and how ‘it wasn’t Bucky Tony!’ and all sorts of other shit. The whole time, he’d kept his eyes locked on Bucky’s, refusing to back down in the face of a legendary assassin who’d killed his parents. By the time it was over, he had a solid respect for the man. Eventually, when Steve was away on a mission, they’d been able to ‘spar’ with Tony in the Iron Man suit. He’d kicked Bucky’s ass (not that he’d been fighting back too hard, and not that he’d ever, ever let Tony know that) and then they’d grabbed a beer together. Bucky listened as Tony rambled about his parents – mostly his mother – about his anger, about how much he hated the Winter Soldier, about how he hated that Hydra’s weapon had been wearing his face. When he’d finally talked himself out, Bucky had apologized, Tony had scoffed, and that was pretty much that.
Two weeks later, he and Ms. Potts ended things, and he moved to the compound full time – Steve said it was to lick his wounds among friends, but Bucky thought he was probably just lonely. Lonely and a little crazy, because he started letting Bucky into the workshop whenever he wanted. Bucky liked it because he could sit and watch, or sit and look at nothing; it was never quiet, but he wasn’t expected to contribute to the noise. Tony seemed to like having someone around who didn’t mind if he talked at them, and even if he didn’t push Bucky into talking, he always perked up if it was a good day and they managed actual conversations. Bucky liked watching him build things, liked watching lines on paper (or on a holograph thing, whatever) become a reality.
He didn’t like that Tony didn’t eat or sleep near enough.
He didn’t like that Tony didn’t spend as much time with the team as he clearly wanted to.
He hated that Tony came back from fights all scraped and bruised and refused to go to medical.
He loathed being unable to join the Avengers on the field so he could protect both Steve and Tony.
So he started bringing food to the workshop with him, nudging Tony carefully into eating. He noticed pretty quick that if he brought something he’d made himself and asked the genius to try it to see if he’d done it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Getting Together
Pining
Friends to Lovers
Tumblr Prompt
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

