Work Text:
Spider-Man is a menace. He's the vigilante who's trying to play hero and messing things up. He's the tricky, slippery spider that destroys the city whenever he fights. It's his reason there are so many villains running around.SHIELD wants him. They want to take him down, to pluck him out of the picture where public superheroes have the right away. He doesn't belong in the world unchecked and running rampant. Either he goes with SHIELD or he gets taken out.The Avengers have kept themselves out of SHIELD's claws when it comes to capturing Spider-Man. It's not that they believe he's good, but that he's helped them and then slipped away without a trace several times. If being unable to track him, to find him, is any clear sign, they know actively trying to capture him would just be messy.That doesn't mean they like him. Sure, he's been useful a few times, but the Daily Bugle calls him a 'freak', 'a criminal masquerading as a hero', 'a menace'. It won't do to consort with those types. Not at all.They may like his assistance, grudgingly, but his presence is undesired and unwelcomed. By most of them, at least.The Hulk seems to like him, even though his identity as Bruce Banner is most cautious and suspicious. Hulk once wrapped Spider-Man in a big hug, protecting him just as a billboard fell on them. He even asked, “Spider hurt?” It was sweet – in a weird wtf way.It had surprised them when Spider-Man seemed to beam at the giant green hulking hero and replied, “Dude, Hulk, that was totally awesome! Thanks! I'm good, by the way.” There was something juvenile about the way he spoke, young and informal. It was almost as if.. No, it wasn't possible, and like that they threw away their interest in the man in blue and red spandex imitating some odd spider.As their interactions increased during battles, they learned to ignore his banter. He was naive and reckless. It seemed like he knew no way of cooperating as a team. He made an excellent distraction though and never once said 'no' to being one when asked.Spider-Man was useful to the Avengers, but he was in no ways their friend. They made that clear to everyone – SHIELD, the media, even to Spider-Man himself as they watched the hero limp away, clearly injured and bleeding. They were merely.. acquaintances in the field.Word got out that he started being seen with Deadpool. At first the Avengers thought that it was like Spider-Man and any other criminal figure, but once pictures emerged of the two sharing a fist bump over a pile of knocked out would be robbers? Clearly there was something.. not natural budding between the vigilante and the mercenary.Deadpool was and wasn't an enigma. People wondered sometimes, but then they'd remember how off the wall he was. SHIELD sometimes let the insane, gun and katana slinging mercenary do their dirty work. No one ever called him by his real name. It was always Deadpool, never Wade Wilson. Always 'nutcase', never 'friend'.The guy was about as sane as the world was flat. None of the Avengers had a problem with throwing Deadpool at the source of any danger.No one could believe it when SHIELD revealed that Deadpool was only doing jobs requiring non-lethal force now. It was even more of a shock that even in his private, mercenary life, the crazy man was rejecting to do 'hits'. It was the world's largest mystery, but there wasn't a person alive who wanted to get close enough to that loud mouth to even try to solve it. Why he suddenly stopped killing and why he was hanging around the vigilante everyone called a menace was a mystery to be left alone.As long as he wasn't blowing up buildings or trying to kill anyone innocent, they didn't want to bother with him.Yet.. there were lingering questions. 'Why is Spider-Man with him?' 'What changed?' 'Is Spider-Man becoming a mercenary?' 'What has that nutcase done?' And the suspicion of where Spider-Man's loyalties lay grows, and the Bugle names Spider-Man as a “rising criminal leader in the underworld”.No one except a few that Spider-Man has saved argues against those points, but under the wide reach of the media, their cries of protest and steadfast belief in Spider-Man as a hero are drowned out.Without proof, the Avengers remain cold, intent on keeping the walking menace from tainting their images of being heroes. SHIELD approves of that, at least. Things are better that way, or so they believe right up until one day when their opinions are torn limb from limb.
It starts at the end – the end of a vicious battle between Hydra forces with their new weaponized superpowers. All of the Avengers are somewhat wounded and exhausted with sweat and filth covering their bodies from the fight. Spider-Man leans on a lamppost, watching as SHIELD touches down and their forces split between caring for the wounded Avengers and rounding up the beaten Hydra forces. No medical care is offered to Spider-Man.The Avengers watch, between being treated and helping SHIELD to contain Hydra soldiers, as Spider-Man
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
SHIELD
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Threats
Threats of Violence
Minor Violence
Love
Protectiveness
Protective Wade
Explicit Language
Young Peter
Questions of Age
Abandonment
Vigilantism
BAMF Wade Wilson
Morality
Mental Health Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

