Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony is a stubborn omega, he knows that. 

Everyone

 knows that. But it still bothers him to the core. He flirts, with 

everyone

 and everything. To him it’s as natural as breathing. And Steve was starting to think they actually had a 

thing

 going on, until 

he

 showed up. And by 

‘he’

, he means Stephen Strange.
 
“Punk, you’ve got to calm down. You’re gonna start scaring people with that look.”
 
“I can’t help it,” Steve growls, his throat raw from all the yelling he had given to his punching bag (now known as 

Steph

).
 
“The guy’s just trying to be nice. Anyway, you and Tony aren’t even bonded. He can do whatever he wants,” Bucky says with a shrug
 
Sadly, it’s true. Tony and him aren’t and haven’t bonded in any way (other than cuddling a couple of times when Tony was beyond drunk and hugging when Tony apparently ‘felt like it’). 
 
“Does being nice include bringing him flowers? Because that doesn’t seem like a friendship thing anymore,” Steve replies as he crosses his arms over his chest. 
 
Bucky shrugs again, “Stevie, it’s not like he claimed him or anything. They’re 

flowers.”

 
The thought of the sorcerer claiming Tony makes his blood boil. 
 
“Flowers that could eventually lead to claiming,” he says motioning to the pair walking through the lawn.
 
Bucky smirks. “Since when did you get all crazy possessive?”
 
“Since 

he 

showed up,” Steve sighs in embarrassment. He doesn’t like being like this, honestly. His inner alpha keeps screaming 

mine, mine, 


mine 

and there isn’t anything he can really do about it. If Strange had just stayed wherever he had come from, none of this would be happening. 
 
“Well, if you really want to do something about it, then tell him.”
 
“Tell him what?”
 
“That you, you know, 

have feelings for him

.”
 
Steve flushes, “No way.”
 
“Oh, now you’re scared?”
 
“No,” he growls running his hand through his hair. “I just don’t think it’s a very good idea, Buck. Tony was probably just flirting with me this whole time out of pity.”
 
“Pity or not, you’ll never know unless you try,” Bucky says cockly. “Just give it a shot.”
 
“I said no-”  
 His gaze slowly moves back to the two other teens. Oh, son of a motherfucking gun. How the hell didn’t he notice that they were-  holding hands-?! 
“I’m giving it a shot,” he chokes out, feeling his instincts rise up to the brim. His heart hammers against his chest and his throat dries to a point that he feels like he might throw up right then and there.
 
Stephen Strange is going down.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Light Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Stephen
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Jealous Steve Rogers
Possessive Steve Rogers
Oblivious Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Unrequited Love
Praise Kink
Alpha Peter Quill
Alpha Yondu
Omega Rocket
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Parent Yondu Udonta
Kidnapping
Omega Peter Quill
Dark Magic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Light Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta

