Chapter 1: Jane
    




Chapter Text
When the email came, Jane was holed up in her lab. Actually, she was peering through a microscope. That wasn't something she did very often, but in this case she was looking at a sample of her own blood while comparing it to Darcy's. It was part of an eight-week long observational experiment, during which she was noting the differences and trying hard not to freak out even more than she already had."Jane! You're never going to believe it!""I've been nominated for the Nobel Prize?" Jane said, not lifting her head. "Yes, Darcy, I know. I might be a little absent-minded, but even I would remember -""No! Well, yes. You did do that," Darcy said, and she sounded so proud that Jane to smile. She straightened up and turned to face Darcy."If not that, then what?""We - well, you just got an email from Tony Stark.""Stark?" Jane mouthed the name, puzzled. "Why is that so exciting?" She and Stark had exchanged several emails, mostly on the subjects of Asgard and magic and the bridge. He was one of the few who could actually talk about it with some degree of understanding, since, even though he'd never been there, he had been up close and personal with mjolnir, Loki and Thor multiple times. Actually, it was Stark who had first told Jane that Thor had left again. Her response had been less than gracious. She'd slammed her laptop shut in a rage and - now that she thought about it - she hadn't ever gotten around to answering that last email. But to be fair, her hands had been glowing with black light for the better part of a week and it was usually better if she didn't touch anything when that happened."He wants us to come live with him.""What?" Jane exclaimed. "See for yourself." Darcy turned her tablet around so that Jane could see the screen. She took a step back when Jane tried to take it, shaking her head. "Nuh uh. Look with your eyes, not your hands. I like this tablet.""I'm not that bad," Jane huffed."You broke the coffee maker just by glaring at it two days ago," Darcy said, not without sympathy. "I would hate to have to kill you because you did the same thing to my tablet."Jane sighed, rolling her eyes, but kept her hands to herself. She scanned the email quickly. It was short and to the point, offering a room at Stark Tower. It didn't come right out in so many words and call the tower a safe house, but that was the feeling Jane was left with. She frowned."Do you think we're in danger?" Darcy asked."I don't know. I wouldn't think so, but..." Jane flexed her fingers. They ached sometimes with that pins-and-needles feeling you get when a body part falls asleep. It was usually the prelude to something exploding. Whatever else the experience of being possessed by the Aether had left her, this had to be the most aggravating part."But Thor isn't here, and everyone knows you guys are lovers," Darcy finished."Were.""Were?""He's not here right now, so were," Jane said waspishly, and oh yeah - there came the glow. She wouldn't be getting any more work done today."Okay," Darcy muttered. "Well, everyone knows you were lovers. And Thor was an avenger. Even if he wasn't a part of all that fighting, I guess there is a possibility someone could come after us." She didn't sound very happy at the idea. Not that Jane could blame her."I guess the idea has merit. It would be cheaper, at any rate," Jane muttered. The sad thing was, being an astrophysicist didn't always pay the bills. She and Darcy didn't eat very much, but their grocery bill still hadn't fully recovered from the time that Thor had spent with them.Before he left. Without saying goodbye.Her hands flared brighter and the microscope exploded.Darcy dove for cover. Jane just stood there, blinking in surprise, as a thin plume of smoke rose from the wreckage and drifted towards the ceiling. The dark light around her hands faded away as though it had never been. "Oops?" she said sheepishly."I don't think Stark would be very happy about you exploding stuff," Darcy said, a little muffled because she was still hiding behind the desk.Jane looked at her hands. There didn't seem to be much rhyme or reason to when the light appeared - except for when she was mad at Thor, it always came then. But there were plenty of times when she'd tried to will it to appear and it wouldn't. If someone tried to attack her and Darcy, Jane wouldn't be able to protect them.Maybe Stark could help her figure it out. Or at the very least, he might be able to offer her somewhere she could practice that wouldn't result in the loss of electronics they couldn't afford to replace. Not to mention, one of these days she was worried that Darcy was going to get caught in the crossfire. It was inevitable, mostly because in the cramped bachelor apartment they were sharing, there wasn't much space."He sent us the invite. He'll get over it," Jane said."Apparently he thought you'd feel that way, because he attached two plane tickets to the email.""When do we leave?""Tomorrow morning a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
marvel women being awesome
Women Being Awesome
The Protectors - Freeform
Pepper Potts works too hard
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
POV Sharon Carter (Marvel)
(POV) Jane Foster
(POV) Darcy Lewis
(POV) Shuri (Marvel)
(POV) Pepper Potts
(POV) Betty Ross
(POV) Laura Barton
laura barton is a SHIELD agent
(POV) Maggie Lang
(POV) Hope Van Dyne
Hope Van Dyne is the Wasp
Extremis
Aether
Jane is magical
team coming together
BAMF Women
tony stark protects everyone
tony stark is a good man
Origin Story
origin story of the proctectors
marvel women
Drugs
(POV) Peter Parker

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

