Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony woke up to his alarm clock going off at 6.30 a.m and DUM-E poking him to get him up, like most mornings. He groaned and started to reach his hand out to press the snooze button on his phone but caught himself and he turned it off instead. He sat up on his bed and dragged his fingers through his hair. His hand got stuck in the dark curls a couple of times and he just sat there and debated whether it was worth getting up and go to work or if he should just lay down and go back to sleep.
Tony's choice was made for him when three knocks were heard from the door."Tony, are you up yet?" Came the familiar voice from behind the door."Yeah, Bruce. Just give me a minute and I'll be up" came Tony's groggy response."Ok, but hurry up, breakfast is getting cold!"Tony slowly got out of his bed and rubbed his eyes, damn his boss for making him work at 8 am.
He started by getting DUM-E to his charging station and walked over to his closet and picked out a pair of old jeans and a dark red T-shirt. He took his clothes and went to his bathroom to change. He then picked up his hairbrush and tried to tame his wild bed head to little avail before putting it down and looked into the mirror. He was met by dark purple bags underneath his whiskey brown eyes since he hadn't slept that night, instead he had had been up until 5 a.m working on his AI before he passed out from exhaustion. He had been so close to finish it that he hadn't even thought about sleep."Nothing a little coffee can't fix" he muttered to himself. Tony quickly washed his face and brushed his teeth and made his way out of the bathroom.
When he opened the door he was met with the mouthwatering smell of coffee and headed towards the small kitchen he and Bruce shared.He had adapted rather quickly to the small living place he had now lived in for almost a year after leaving the mansion he grew up in. Tony may have lost his fortune but it was worth it if it meant getting away from his fathers abuse and his mothers neglect. The only thing he did truly miss was the old family butler, Jarvis and his wife Ana that had basically raised him. He made sure to see the two as often as he could without alerting Howard that he was still around so that he would be forced back to that hell hole.
When he had been on the run for about a week he ran into Bruce in a coffee shop where they proceeded to reconnect. Tony had met Bruce a couple of months before at a science convention where Tony had been presenting his first AI DUM-E and had immediately caught Bruce's attention. Bruce had come forward and talked with him after the presentation and they had bonded over their love for science and became fast friends despite the age difference.
When Tony had caught Bruce up on his situation the older man had immediately offered Tony to come stay at his place.
The young genius had at first refused the offer, not wanting the pity.
That did change when Bruce had assured him that he would not be living there for free, he had also been in a similar situation and understood why Tony felt like he felt.
So Tony had moved into Bruce's small apartment and managed to get a job at an auto shop that paid fairly well and he had managed to get a schedule that allowed him the time to finish his college degree online. These days on his free time Tony spent most of it programming his AI that he had named JARVIS after his father figure.Putting away the memory Tony quickened his pace to the kitchen and was met by a steaming mug of coffee on the table and Bruce standing next to it with a plate with small cake and a lit candle in it."Happy birthday Tony!" Smiled Bruce."I, eh, what?" Tony replied with a confused expression. "How did you know it was my birthday?"
"Mr Jarvis told me last week." said Bruce and held out the cake.Right, Jarvis had come over for coffee and to check up on Tony, of course he would have told Bruce."Thanks Bruce, it means a lot, but you didn't have to, it's really not a big deal." He replied but accepted the small cake anyway.Bruce just sighed and gave him a small sad smile."Of course it's a big deal Tony, you're turning eighteen. You are now legally an adult. Come on make a wish."Tony knew what he really meant, he didn't legally have to go back to his father even if he would be found. It was a huge relief and Tony couldn't contain the smile that stretched out on his face.
He reached forward and took the cake before blowing the candle out. He and Bruce shared the cake and and drank their coffee and when Tony's phone showed him that it was 7.30 both men put on their jackets and shoes and headed out. Bruce walked over to his car and waved goodbye to Tony before he got in and drove away. Tony walked the opposite direction towards the shop. Bruce had never really told Tony what he works with, only that he was a doctor of some kind. But Tony didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth so to say and didn't question him about it, the man had already let h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Mob AU
mob boss steve
young Tony
Tony is like 18 here
Steve is 25
Age Difference
I'm Bad At Tagging
Torture
Smut
Top Steve
Bottom Tony
BAMF Tony
Tags May Change
BAMF everyone
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Avengers team & Tony
Protective Bruce
Protective Steve
Protective Avengers
Past Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark's A+ Parenting
Hurt Tony
Virgin Tony
Rape/Non-con - Freeform
Rape/Non-con Elements
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov (background)

