Work Text:
Six months is what Tony had promised Ross; six months of pretending to be a team again, so that the people of the world could see, and go back to trusting, maybe. And then Tony was fucking out of here. He was retiring, he was locking his house to every so-called Avenger on the planet and he was going to live out his life in his workshop with things that he could program and shape and build and not get stabbed in the back by. (He totally wasn’t counting Ultron here, because his programming had been mostly flawless; the mind stone had fucked that up but good.) Which was five months and twenty-nine days longer than he wanted to work as a team with the pack of liars, betrayers, hot-heads, murderers and idiots. But he’d done distasteful things before. He kept a paper-chain in the penthouse, and each day, he tore off a link and threw it away. But that wasn’t now, and it wasn’t today, and… “Hey, Erik,” Tony chirped, after Magneto had pinned him to the building. Fighting someone who could control metal as someone wearing a metal suit was pretty stupid, admittedly. The only more stupid thing was being an X-person who had metal running all through their bones. “Good to see you again, gorgeous. Really, you have a wonderful skin care regime, because I swear, you don’t look a day over fifty.” Running his mouth was really all he could do; Magneto could crush him inside his tin can, although for whatever reason, he often didn’t. Tony wasn’t sure why, exactly. Magneto had never made his feelings unclear about how much less worthy humans were. Humans like Tony, who weren’t experiments or mutants or aliens, but just simple ingenuity were on Erik’s particular dislike list. Especially, as he said, homo sapiens and their guns. Tony, as a leading weapons developer and manufacturer for most of his entire adult life, was especially despised. So, being a sticky-note smart ass was Tony’s only option, because, of course, shutting up and minding his own business would have been the wise thing to do, and Tony was never wise. Or capable of shutting up. “Oh, nice swing, Babe Ruth,” Tony quipped as Magneto used a semi-trailer to backhand Hulk about half a mile away. “You forgot to point though, before you hit him. Really, Erik, you’ve been doing the super villain thing for a long time, you’re losing your edge with the witty repartee.” “Tony, shut up,” Steve said in his earbud, and that was just too much, because under no circumstances -- and it was even in the contract he’d had his lawyers draw up before he agreed to Ross’s demands, because, see, Steve, some of us are fucking capable of compromise -- was Steve allowed to tell him what to do. Ever. Ever again. “You know, what, Erik?” Tony said, glancing over again. Magneto was playing pile the car on Steve, which really, Tony kinda approved of. “I’m being really sincere this time. How do you look so good? I mean, you and Charles have been bashing it out for a while now and I never even see you with a black eye. I have a black eye almost constantly.” Magneto turned his attention to Tony, having cleared the field of Avengers for the time being. “Do you ever shut up?” “When someone’s dick is in my mouth, sure,” Tony said, winking. “It’s rude to talk with your mouth full.” Magneto didn’t even turn, just thrust an arm out behind him and the Winter Soldier went flying backward, dragged by his adamantium prosthetic. “Really?” Erik looked… intrigued, rather than disgusted. Not really the plan, but okay, Tony could roll with this. “I thought you preferred women.” “I prefer sex,” Tony said, easily enough. “Dick, pussy, whatever.” That was true and he was surprised that Erik didn’t know it. He thought everyone knew about his sex tapes, and Ty Stone had not been exactly shy about talking out of class. Erik held up one hand and star-fished his fingers. Tony’s armor responded, brutally stretching him out, spread eagle. Hnnnnng, okay, well, that was… something else entirely. Magneto flew over (how did that even work? Did the guy wear tap-shoes or something?) and hovered about six inches away. He had brilliant blue eyes with a ring of steel gray around the edge, an oval face, and a great chin. His lips were a little thin for a really good kiss, but Tony’d made do before. “Uh-huh,” Tony said, nodding slowly, giving his best inviting look. “You know you want to try it out, see if I’m as good as my rep.” Erik slid his hand into Tony’s hair, the back of the helm retracting neatly into the collar and he bent forward. Which was exactly when Spidey grabbed Magneto’s helmet with a wad of spider-goop and Wanda floated up behind Erik, undetected, to red-mist whammy Erik’s attractive ass into oblivion. Tony barely managed to get the repulsors working again to not smash into the ground some ten stories below when Magneto’s power suddenly released him. Ha! One for the home team. “So, how ‘bout next time, Captain,” Tony snarked, “you just let me do what I do best and leave me the hell alone?” Barnes was there
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Villains
Bad Flirting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark has a Bad Idea
or two
Or Three

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

