Work Text:
It was no secret that Tony hated board meetings.At best, he could be expected to be present and sit quietly, maybe occasionally participate. If he had any choice at all, he’d deign to even show up. At worst, he’d fashion himself a makeshift miniature crossbow out of two pencils, a paperclip and some rubber bands and launch projectiles at random board members when they weren’t looking until Obi or Howard would give him a look that would make him edge a little beneath the table. But his childishness and blatant hatred for such meetings were tolerated by the other participants only because, one, he was the company owner’s son, and two, when he did participate, he did so more brilliantly than any of the others combined.Well, any of the others except Howard that is.Howard tolerated meetings with the patience of a saint. They weren’t his favorite thing in the world, and they seriously cut into his productivity, but he agreed that they were an intergral and necessary part of business, so he attended them, and participated in them with due diligence. He discussed the current undertakings of the company, sold the board members upcoming projects, and gained their support for future projects. He showed them just how well the company was doing and just how much better it was going to be. Howard may have merely tolerated board meetings, but he excelled in them.And no one appreciated that more than Tony.So when this board meeting was over, and Obi had exited the room after talking with Howard, he walked up to his father and said, “So. Lunch?” Howard glanced once around the room, worry in his eyes, but no one was paying them any mind. He shook his head anyway.“We’re pitching the Delta missiles to the army next week. I have to finalize the specs so the marketing department can begin working on the presentation,” he answered. He tucked his pen into his inside coat pocket and started to the door after the other board members had exited. Tony hummed in thought.“How bout we just eat in then? I could help you out?” He tried his best to act casual as the father-son duo always managed to attract attention even from those who saw them everyday, but his voice was quiet enough that he could inject a deliberate amount of pleading to encourage Howard to answer positively. The double entendre didn’t go unnoticed either. He saw his father swallow, to which he hid a grin.“Okay, yes. Have Marie get us something and bring the blueprints up from R&D,” he answered and entered his office, leaving Tony standing in the hallway. With a small, triumphant grin, the younger Stark did as told, asking his father’s second secretary to go down to his favorite restaurant and pick up some food and collecting the Delta blueprints from the scientist in charge. They were his own design, beefed up with Howard’s input and cleaned up into production-compatible specifications. With it in hand, he made his way back up to the top floor and into Howard’s spacious office.The CEO sat at his desk, a tumbler of scotch at his elbow, as he jotted down notes on his computer. It was a sight Tony had seen many times before, but one he appreciated on a different level now. He shut the door behind him, loudly so that Howard lifted his head to acknowledge his presence, and sauntered deliberately over to the desk, making sure to sway his hips just so. Howard visibly swallowed again, and his eyes tracked Tony who made his way around the desk and perched himself on one corner. He put the blueprints down before leaning over and stopping only far enough that he could feel Howard’s breath on his lips.“Will you let me help you out now, daddy?” he asked, teasing and seductive in equal amounts, so Howard closed the inch between their lips and pulled Tony off the desk and onto his lap. The position wasn’t ideal because the chair’s arms would get in the way of Tony’s legs, so he had to sit to one side which meant they couldn’t grind up against each other. He compensated by rocking his ass against Howard’s cock and palming himself at the same time, but then Howard suddenly gasped, “Wait,” grasping at Tony’s hips to still him. The younger man couldn’t help but freeze in what amounted to a small degree of terror, always and forever terrified that Howard would change his mind about this, that he'd suddenly find this disgusting and that they'd go back to how they were before.“Anyone could come in,” Howard quickly added, his eyes darting to the door which was unlocked, albeit closed. Tony almost breathed a sigh of relief that his initial fears were unfounded. He cupped Howard’s jaw and pressed back for another kiss, clearly ignoring Howard’s worry.“No one will catch us,” he promised just before their lips met. Only, the other man pulled back enough so that they didn’t. Tony pouted.“Tony,” Howard started, but Tony ignored him again and attached his teeth to Howard’s earlobe.“I want to blow you,” he told his father. “Right here. I could slip beneath your desk and fuck my mouth on your
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent/Child Incest
Office Sex
Frottage
Daddy Kink
Dom/sub Undertones
loving relationship

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

