Chapter 1: I
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

001. Name
 By the age of twenty-two, Darcy Lewis had changed her name several times. Unlike most people, she didn't have a childhood nickname she out grew or a term of endearment that made her flush in embarrassment. Darcy had merely changed her name twice – legally speaking. Both times it was in effort to escape her past and become a new person – a past she wanted to ignore.While Darcy was proud of everything she overcame and accomplished, she wanted to distance herself from painful memories and horrible people. To put it simply, Darcy had a bad childhood and teenage years. Of course, bad childhoods were a dime a dozen in the group she hung out with.The first time she changed her name, she was ten. She wanted to be seen as her own person, coming out of her brother's shadow and finally having her parents acknowledge her existence. The second time, it was to escape her past and the memories of England. After everything, she needed a fresh start.Growing up, everyone in the Wizarding World knew the story of Michael James Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived. He was the son of James and Lily Potter, and the Heir of the Potter Family. He was the only known person to survive the Killing Curse. As an infant, he defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. He was the Second Coming of Merlin, and he was Hogwarts' Golden Boy. He was the Poster Child of Gyrffindor – the brave, handsome hero who saved the defenseless and had more courage than all of the Slytherins combined.Michael Potter could do no wrong.
 Meanwhile, little Rose Dorea Potter was forgettable. She didn't matter because very few people knew she existed, and those people regularly forgot about her. She was the daughter of James and Lily Potter, and she was the older twin, making 

her


 the Heiress of the Potter Family.

The first time Rose Dorea Potter changed her name it was because she didn't have much of a choice in the matter. Magic would not allow her to keep her name. 

002. Loss
 

When Rose Dorea Potter turned ten, no one remembered her birthday despite the fact that 


everyone


 knew it was Michael's birthday. After all, it wasn't every year the Boy-Who-Lived turned ten. Even though they were twins, Rose Potter was no more than an afterthought – even to her own family.



 On the thirty-first of July, hundreds of people crowded into the Great Hall of Hogwarts. It was a special day with an extreme long guest list, and the Board of Governors were happy to host the joyous celebration at Hogwarts, in exchange for an invite. As far as the media was concerned, this was one of 


the


 hottest events of the summer.

Almost everyone had a grand time as they conversed while enjoying the refreshments and watching the children. Rose stood in the corner, watching as the other children had fun with one another, wishing she could join in. It seemed the only times her family remembered her was when she wanted to have fun. Michael forced everyone to leave her alone and her parents got her in trouble for ruining Michael's fun, never mind getting after their own son for being a bully.

 Before the cake was cut, it was time for present. Since there were hundreds of presents, Michael won't be opening 


everything


. He would only open gifts from 


important


 people – like Headmaster Dumbledore, his godparents, the Minister of Magic, and his parents. In fact, at least half of the presents would be opened by the Potter family house-elves. Once the important presents were open, James Potter stood up to make an announcement.



 “It's not everyday a son turns ten,” he began with a wide grin. “Today not only marks Michael's tenth year – a year before he will attend this very school – but also the day Michael will receive the Heir Ring.”



 The crowd of people broke into claps and cheers as James handed his son the Potter Heir Ring. Only one person didn't join the celebrating. In her corner, Rose's heart broke. In order for Michael to be declared the Potter Heir, she would have to be disinherited. Unlike most pure-blood families, the eldest 


child


 inherited in the Potter family – be it the eldest child was a boy or a girl. In most pure-blood families, it was the eldest son.



 Tears entered Rose's eyes when she realized what 


her


 birthday gift was: disinheritance. Being disinherited was worse than her own family forgetting her birthday. This was the cruelest thing they had 


ever


 done to her.

And no one cared.As she watched the happy family and the equally happy crowd, Rose started thinking about her new name. Since she was no longer a Potter, she was required to rename herself within the next fortnight. Luckily, it was easy process. All she had to do was decide on a new name and fill out the paperwork before filing it with Gringotts and the Ministry of Magic.A few days later, Rose Dorea Potter became Dory Elizabeth Evans – named for her Muggle grandmother. 

0
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Darcy Lewis/Loki
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Albus Dumbledore & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
female!Harry Potter - Freeform
female!Harry Potter is Darcy Lewis
Het
Child Neglect
neglectful!James Potter
neglectful!Lily Potter
Michael Potter is a brat
Albus Dumbledore is awesome
mentor!Albus Dumbledore
Time Turner
Misuse of a Time Turner

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Darcy Lewis/Loki
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Albus Dumbledore & Harry Potter

