Chapter 1: Hard Hit
    




Chapter Text
“Tony. I'm pregnant.”Three words made Tony freeze. When Pepper said she had something to tell him, he was expecting the worse. After all the shit he made her go through; Stane, Loki, Killian, Ultron. He thought that after each one she'd wise up and leave him, realizing that she deserved more.She never did though, she stayed by his side and helped him clean up his mess. She was always there to push him forwards to keep trying. He loved her more than anything, he never wanted her to leave but he hadn't popped the big question since he was scared of her answer.  Now, now she was pregnant and was tied to him.“Tony. Tony I need you to say something, because the longer you stay quiet the more I’m panicking.” Pepper said sitting down in front of him on the bed playing with her hair. She was waiting for him to say something. Right.“Uhh. A-are you sure?”Pepper glared at him and he raised his hands placidly. “Ok ok completely sure. Ok. Wow… umm well, fuck. Do you want it?”“Is it all on me then? It's your baby too Tony!” Pepper raked her a bit more aggressively making Tony nod and grasp her hands tightly. She looked up at him frowning, crap.“I know, I know. I love you Pep this is... This is me telling you I’m with you whether you want the baby or not.  Personally I think a mini me and you sound amazing, and you would be a great mom. You had plenty of practice thanks to me. But if you don't want the baby, I'll go with you to the doctors to take care of it and hold your hand the whole time.  Either plan I'm for you just have to tell me what plan you wanna do.” Tony kissed her cheeks as her eyes watered.Pepper reached around him and pulled him into her arms hugging him tight. Tony hugged her back trying to calm her down as she shook softly. After a few seconds she cleared her throat and whispered, “I think you would be a good dad too.”  And that was that, they were having a baby.The first step was actually his idea and he didn't just drop it on her out of nowhere despite what others might have told you. No, Tony always had thoughts of proposing to Pepper. Like he said, he was just always scared of the answer. Now however he had two back up reasons. A baby should have married parents right if they're both taking care of it and two he loved Pepper and didn't want anyone else.So he told her just that but more dramatically. He would at least propose to her right, on his knees hair combed, no grease on his person and Dummy holding the ring. She didn't really cry but her eyes watered pretty bad as she out on the ring and kissed him.They didn't want to make it a big deal since Tony was still dealing the repercussions of Ultron and the media wasn't his biggest fan at the moment. He told Cap he was taking a break from the hero/avengering business for a while and figured they had their own missions to deal with so he didn't tell them.The only people who knew were Pep, Happy, Rhodey and himself. That was enough for him and enough for city hall to marry them. So there he was in New York City Hall with Rhodey by his side brushing his suit off for the 5th time.“I'm so happy for you Tones, you guys are gonna do great together. And if you don't, I'll be here to kick your ass till you fix it.”  Rhodey patted his cheek before hugging him tight.“Thanks Rhodey, I'll hold you too it.”“Now about that kid, I'm your best man so I better be one of its godparents. I'm calling dibs on it.”“Your calling Dibs on my kid before it's even born? I'm still here you know, to get your hands on my kid you'd have to go through me and Pepper then it's yours.”Rhodey smirked and shrugged, “I'm just thinking ahead Tones.”Tony huffed as he smiled at his friend, “I'll think about it.”He really didn't need to; he knew he wouldn't trust anyone more than Rhodey with his kid. After all he trusted him with his life, constant always there Rhodey and Happy. Always stuck with him just like Pepper, there was no one he trusted more.
“Rhodey, I'm getting married.”  Tony said smiling brightly even as his hands shook. Rhodey looked him over and smiled softly clapping his shoulder and squeezing it gently.“You sure are Tones. Let's go get you married.”Tony hadn't been to many weddings, he barely remembered Aunty Peggy's but he knew he would never forget his own. It was simple just the priest saying the normal speech then Pepper and him saying their I Dos. Pepper didn't let him right any vows, not trusting what he would write which was fair. It was a city hall marriage with everyone he loved, how corny was that?He remembered watching Pepper smile brightly at him as he slipped the ring in her finger.  He said I do and wondered what he ever did to deserve Pepper.  Of course it couldn't just be them 4 for too long. Pepper was CEO after all and Rhodey was an Avenger now.  But Pepper was pregnant and as the weeks past it became noticeable, they wouldn't be able to keep it a secret for much longer if Pepper kept going out to meetings.So they bot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Rhodey
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Rhodey
Protective Happy
Not A Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Cap is full of shit
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Hurt/Comfort
pregnant Pepper
Tons of Guilt
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

