Work Text:
His whole life, Steve hated being a disappointment. Hated that he could stand up to bullies, but that it didn’t mean anything other than another beating for him.
When he stepped out of the machine, every part of his body aching, the expressions on the faces of the politicians and scientists told him that he was a disappointment again.
---
“D’ya ever wish you were him? That you were Captain America?”
“Nope. Captain America’s a performing monkey as much as he’s a soldier.” He pulled Bucky close by his tie and kissed him deeply. “And they’d never let Captain America do that.”
---
Of course it was Peggy who noticed that he had changed, although at first glance he looked exactly the same. Howard threw him a metal bar jokingly, told him to bend it.
He bent it in half.
The politicians had already left, disappointed, but the scientists were suddenly enthralled.
Erskine had smiled broadly, happy and relieved. “Of course! Does it matter what the outside looks like? Is that what is important in a man? We have changed what you can do, what you can become. It has worked!”
---
Four of them were in a mountain hut in the Scottish Highlands before starting training with the SOE in the art of “ungentlemanly warfare”. Matthieu introduced himself as an “unrepentant sodomite, Thijs here can steal you anything, and Marie is a confidence artist. What do you bring to our little group?”
“I—I think I’m here to learn.”
Matthieu grinned. “How much, pretty boy?”
Steve blushed deeply. Matthieu was tall and dark and handsome and just similar enough to Steve’s unattainable fantasies to make his stomach twist.
The four of them talked into the night, repeating every wild rumour and speculation about training, about the war.
Matthieu stretched and said, “I need some air.” He winked at Steve.
Steve was standing to follow him before he even knew what he was doing. Thijs and Marie’s laughter followed them out of the hut.
Steve was going to count it as part of his training, the pretending that it wasn’t his first time, pretending that he had any idea what to do. He let Matthieu pull him down into the heather, let him roll him over, ignored the cold and the damp and the discomfort. Matthieu was gentle, and Steve thought that he’d guessed how inexperienced Steve was.
When they were done, Matthieu started to stand up, but Steve pulled him down again. The quick recovery time was an effect of the serum, though not one the scientists talked about. Steve didn’t know when he was going to have another chance at this, and he wanted to know what it was like both ways. Matthieu seemed surprised, but didn’t object.
He still hadn’t fully got used to his new strength, and gripped Matthieu’s hips so hard that he knew there would be bruises in the morning.
Back in the hut, Mattheiu winced theatrically as he sat down, lit a cigarette, and said, “Do not underestimate the pretty boy.”
---
Steve slit his first throat just outside a small town in Normandy.
It was easier than he thought it would be.
---
Bucky flirted just as prettily in German as in English, and the curvy fraulein fell for it just as surely as the girls in Brooklyn.
Fell for it a little too well, in fact. If Bucky didn’t follow through and screw her, she might suspect.
Steve could see Bucky thinking the same thing. Bucky made momentary eye contact across the bar, and Steve gave a barely perceptible nod.
He followed them. Part of that was duty—if Bucky slipped up and said something in English while they were screwing, then he’d need a distraction.
In the alleyway behind the bar, Bucky pulled her panties down as he kissed her, unbuttoned his fly with one hand as he fingered her with the other, paused to roll the condom on, then picked her up like she weighed nothing and slid his dick inside her. She pressed her face into Bucky’s shoulder as he began to thrust, and Bucky turned to where Steve was standing, looked at him, not breaking eye contact until his eyes fluttered shut with his orgasm. Steve was hard, but he wasn’t going to deal with it. One of them, at least, had to keep their pants on. He melted back into the shadows as Bucky’s girl lifted her head again, flushed and giggling. She was looking at Bucky like the whole world revolved around him. That key was as good as theirs.
The shipment was due the next day, so he and Bucky went back to the boarding house and were charming and engaging with the sour-faced frau who ran it.
As soon as the door to their room was shut, Bucky pressed Steve against it, whispering in his ear, “Sorry—“
“We’ve done a whole lot worse.” He’d stopped counting the number of people they’d killed a long time ago. He could only hope that the ends justified the means.
“Lemme make it up to you.”
Bucky dropped to his knees, unbuttoned Steve’s pants, and took his dick into his mouth. In Nazi territory, one slip, one mistaken word, and they were dead. Looked at like that, sex wasn’t much of an extra risk.
---
Some regular soldiers were shocked when they found out the method
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
World War II

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

