Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It wasn't supposed to be this way.Everywhere Sigyn went, she felt it, the fundamental wrongness that made her bones and her throat ache, and her eyes burn.It was in the steady rain that had been falling for the past month, ceasing only when Thor slept; in the hushed voices, and the faces of those Sigyn passed.It was in the empty boat that the All-Father had set alight yesterday evening, in Loki's memory.It was in the orbs that the people had released, in the way they had glowed gently as they drifted up into the sky but formed no new constellation at all.There was no star Sigyn could point to and say, "There is Loki's spirit." She felt that even if there had been, a single star would have been too limiting for the one she had loved, the one who could walk the skies themselves.It wasn't supposed to be this way.Everything was wrong, all wrong, and Sigyn couldn't shake that feeling no matter how she tried."It is your grief," said Frigga. "I know you cared for him very deeply. You feel lost without him."Sigyn said nothing, only bowed her head, but in her heart she disagreed. Hadn't she been without Loki for ten years now, before the others decided he wasn't coming home? She had missed him, of course she had, but she had had faith that he would return as he always did, with new tales and gifts and new ways to love her. He was supposed to return to her arms and tell her that he knew he was home only after he had seen her face and felt her kiss.Instead, he was gone, never to return. Or so everyone had decided.
 "It's worrisome, that's all," Loki said, shifting in bed and pulling her close. "It might be nothing, or it might be something, and I don't know which yet.""And it has to be you who goes to find out," guessed Sigyn. "Because you don't have it in you to leave a secret undiscovered, or a rumor untested."Loki chuckled, and kissed the top of her head. "Something like that. If it weren't for the Convergence…""But the Convergence isn't for another fifteen years.""Yes, but it only comes around every five thousand," Loki pointed out. "It only makes sense that as we approach it, certain energies might begin to stir. The Tesseract has already been active once on Midgard, and very nearly awakened by those foolish mortals who had possession of it. That was only about fifty years ago.""And you think these rumors about the other Infinity Stones have merit?"Loki sighed. "I won't know until I do some digging," he said. "But I don't think it's a coincidence that we're beginning to hear whispers now, after all this time. The Tesseract may well be in the process of awakening, and from my reading on the subject, where one Stone goes, the others have a tendency to follow. It's why they've been kept separate for so long.""Won't they be hard to find?" asked Sigyn, looking up at him. "Since they're separated?""I don't really want to find them," said Loki, "I just want to make sure that no one else is trying to find them, either. This hint that someone out there wants to reunite the Stones… that's too serious for me to ignore, even if it is only a rumor."Sigyn lifted up and rolled until she was lying on top of him. "And you, my shadow-walker, are the only one for the job of hunting down the rumors.""Well, yes," said Loki simply, then laughed as she reached down and poked his ribs.They kissed for a few moments, simply enjoying one another's company, before she asked, "How long will you be gone?"Loki dropped his head back on the pillow. "I don't know. Hopefully no more than a year or two, but…" He shrugged. "I can at least dream walk to speak to Mimir or Frigga. Pass along messages, keep in touch.""I'd like that. I wish I had the power to dream walk too.""Ah, but then," he said, kissing her nose, "you and I would never accomplish anything, waking or sleeping."Sigyn giggled, and slid lower along her lover's body.
For the first year, Loki was as good as his word. He kept in touch via Frigga and Mimir both, and they informed her that he was also keeping contact with some of his friends on Alfheim as well as other worlds.But then his messages grew more sporadic, less cheerful. He had caught the scent of a rumor and was hunting it with all his power, which Sigyn knew was formidable when it was focused on something that he thought was important. He didn't have time to communicate much, he said. It was implied that he didn't have time to sleep on a regular schedule, that he wasn't safe.And then the messages stopped entirely."It's possible that he has gone underground, so to speak," explained Tyr. "You've seen him do this before, when he was on the hunt."And indeed, Sigyn had. There was one time when he uncovered a treasonous plot to overthrow Alfheim's queen, and had vanished entirely for over a year, before returning with a diplomatic envoy to Asgard, disguised as an elf maiden. He'd uncovered an impostor who wanted to claim the throne for herself and her faction, then revealed the true queen in exile and restore
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sigyn
Loki/Sigyn (Marvel)

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Thanos does not exist in this 'verse
Mythic Journey
Sigyn being badass in her own way

fandom: 
Loki/Sigyn
Loki/Sigyn (Marvel)

