Work Text:
 
Sprawling at the sticky table, Clint stares mindlessly at the break room TV, which is showing ridiculous sports pundits who think they're experts. Natasha is stretching on the little mat in the corner, preparing for the Zumba class she has next, and Bruce is eating something with far too much brown rice and way too many lentils, the bright glow of his tablet reflected in his glasses. His next class -- Couples Yoga -- starts when Nat's Zumba class ends.
Clint sneaks a listless glance at his phone. His break is almost over; his first session with a new client starts in just over five minutes. The phone vibrates in his hand with a text, startling him.

Hi, Clint, this is Phil Coulson, your new client. I apologize, but I'm running about five to ten minutes late. I won't make a habit out of this, I swear.

Clint snorts and drops his phone on the table, shaking his head. Nat and Bruce both glance over at him.
"New client is running late," he says, with a roll of his eyes.
"That bodes well," Bruce says dryly, and Clint nods and prepares for three months of late and missed appointments, or however long this Phil's contract is.
He picks up the phone again and marvels at the text for a moment, at its perfect spelling, grammar, and punctuation. Who texts like that?
No problem, he texts back, taking care to spell things out properly. Just meet me at the training desk near the back of the gym.
"Showtime," Natasha lilts, stealing a bite of Bruce's dinner and a sip of Clint's Powerade as she glides out the door and into the gym.
Clint sighs. Seriously, if he has to listen to these idiots yammer on about PEDs one more time, he's going to throw something through the TV. He decides to wait for his tardy new guy at the training desk. At least he can people watch there.
"You want me to turn this off?" he asks, and Bruce nods absently, lost in whatever he's reading.
The gym is packed at this time of night, everyone from teenagers to retirees getting their workouts in. Finding machines and weight benches for his new client is going to be a bitch. Whenever the guy shows up.
Thor and Steve are both at the desk, finishing up with their current clients and scheduling new appointments. Thor's client is a woman in her early twenties who is flirting shamelessly with him, earning her a broad smile but no more than that. Clint knows Thor's girlfriend Jane is enrolled in Nat's Zumba class, and she may be small, but she's a tiny badass.
Steve is talking earnestly to his client, an older guy he's been training for months -- earnest is the only way Steve knows how to be -- but he's sneaking glances off to the side where his best friend Bucky waits, drenched with sweat after his workout, the left sleeve of his t-shirt hanging empty. People keep looking at him and inching away, like losing limbs is contagious, but Bucky ignores them easily.
Bucky's watching Steve ramble on about protein supplements with a fond smile on his face, and Clint really wishes those two would just fuck already -- the UST is making the air hazy and hard to breathe.
"Hey, Buck," he says as he tucks his phone in his pocket and stores his Powerade under the desk. He pops a piece of gum in his mouth as Bucky nods at him, acknowledging his greeting.
The woman flirting with Thor finally gives up, realizing she's not getting anywhere, and sulks off to the locker room.
"Done for the day, man?" Clint asks him, and Thor shakes his head.
"Nay. I have no client for the next half an hour, though."
"Mmm. Mine's late."
"It is a new client, is it not?"
Clint rolls his eyes and nods, and Thor frowns.
Before he can say anything, a man in a gorgeous navy pinstriped suit strides up to the desk, his gait sure and businesslike, a duffel bag and garment bag in one hand. Clint nearly swallows his gum.
The man is average height and average build, brown hair thinning on top, and he should be completely unremarkable, but something about him screams competence. His shoulders are broad in the really, really nice suit, his eyes are a beautiful blue, and there are laugh lines at the corners of his eyes and around his mouth.
Basically, he is everything Clint wants, all packaged in a very, very nice suit.
He doesn't know whether to pray this is his new client, or not his new client, because if so it's going to be tough to maintain his professionalism.
The man glances from Thor to Clint to Steve. "Is one of you Clint?"
Uncrossing his arms, Clint steps forward, giving his best professional smile and trying his best not to make it flirty like it wants to be. "I'm Clint. You must be Phil."
Phil shifts his bags to his left hand and reaches out to shake. "I'm so sorry. I'm usually very punctual, but there was a mix-up and I underestimated the traffic. I assure you it won't happen again."
His grip is firm, his skin is warm, and if Clint is not mistaken, those are gun calluses. He swallows roughly. He knows he should let go, but he really, really doesn't want to. And Phil doesn't seem to mind.
Fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - Mundane
Daddy Kink
Getting Together
Insecure Clint
Insecure Phil
Gyms
Age Difference
First Time
Kink Discovery
BAMF Phil Coulson
birthday fic

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

