Chapter 1: Movement I - What If This Storm Ends
    


Notes:
Wnnb_darklord's listen and download links for this fic can be found on this tumblr post. The gifset she made is linked inside the text, and at the bottom of this chapter.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony had always been comfortable as a beta. Given, he had all the ear-marks of an alpha, especially when he went toe-to-toe with someone who thought it was a good idea to insult him, but he didn't like being in charge of things, didn't like being responsible. And he really, really didn't like that nagging rush of fury that came when he caught Phil and Clint curled up together on the couch in front of the TV. I am stronger than my instincts, Tony reminded himself as he walked away from the problem. He knew Clint and Phil couldn't help it, that they and Natasha were in this weird, completely inexplicable three-way mate-bond and they felt safe in the tower, and safety meant touching. He also knew – hell, they all knew – that the moment the team had agreed he was the alpha of their home, he would have trouble dealing with a mated pair. Tony had tried insisting that Steve would make a better alpha, since he pretty much was, on the field, calling the shots in a way that none of the rest of them could usually manage; or even Phil, since he was part of the only mate-bond and was their direct contact with Fury; but everyone had refused him. 'You're paying for the roof over our head, the clothing on our backs, and the food in our bellies,' Bruce had calmly pointed out. 'Tony, no matter how you look at it, inside these walls, you are our alpha.'The only person that had ever fought Tony's status was Thor, and that, it turned out, was because things were very different in Asgard. 'We do not trade our greatness to others,' Thor had explained to a curious Bruce, while the others watched on with no small trepidation behind Tony; he'd tried to get Bruce behind him, too, but the doctor hadn't been interested in listening to his alpha, something which they'd later argued over, because Tony's instincts couldn't let him leave a member of his pack in the crossfire, no matter how invulnerable they might be. 'All men are born alpha, and all women are beta. Alphas claim betas. That is the way of the Realms.''Not this realm,' Bruce had calmly returned. 'On Earth, our roles change from pack to pack. Right now, here, I'm a beta – we're all betas under Tony, or Steve in the field – but before I had you guys, I was an omega. Always.'Thor had frowned. 'You are a breeder?'Oh, inter-Realm societal dynamics was one headache Tony was quite glad to leave to Bruce, to be honest. If he never had to sit through another explanation of the fucked up pack dynamics Thor and Loki had coded into their genes, it would be too soon. "Sir," JARVIS called just before Tony typed in the code for his lab. Tony sighed and gently leaned his forehead against the glass wall the keypad appeared on. "What is it?" He just wanted to get some work done in his shop. Maybe finally fix Dummy's squeaky wheel, assuming the idiotic bot would hold still long enough. (The best thing about robots was their absolute lack of interest in categorising themselves or others. In his lab, Tony was always just Tony. He may have created them, sobbed and bled over their spare parts and useless code, but they would never call him their alpha, because the term had no meaning for them. Also, there was a lack of sexual intent, which was always super nice.) "Miss Potts has requested your presence in her office," JARVIS replied. Pepper, Tony could deal with. She was his uncontested alpha, had been since the first time she'd slapped a pile of papers and a pen in front of him and ordered him to sign them all, not flinching from his appreciative stare. He really wished a mate-bond had formed between them, if only because it might have helped soothe his instincts some. But one or both of them hadn't been ready, and not even a thorough fuck-session during her last heat had done it, though it was nearly impossible for a couple to go through a heat and not form a mate-bond. She'd called them off after that, and Tony would never go against her decisions, no matter how much it killed him to follow them. Still. Mate-bond or no, the presence of his alpha would soothe his ruffled instincts, and Tony turned and ran for the stairs to avoid any of the other Avengers. Pepper, it turned out, had called him down because he'd missed another board meeting and, "When are you going to learn to take some responsibility, Tony?" Nothing ever made Tony feel more like himself than Pepper laying into him about his inability to be a responsible adult. It was only after Tony had settled on the couch in her office, cup of coffee – de-caf, because she and Bruce were attempting to wean him off caffeine, with mixed results – warm between his hands, that she met his eyes with that same immovable calm that she alw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Actual Wolf Pack Dynamics
Intersex Jotunn
Sexism
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

