Work Text:

One.
Wanda was shaking uncontrollably, anger and fear driving her power but leaving her no way to steer it. Dimly, she was aware that Scott had yelped when he had gotten too close, but she couldn't spare any focus to figure out what had happened, not when she could feel the scorching tendrils on and in her skin.Sam was whispering empty reassurances, posture calculatedly relaxed, eyes alert, and from a good distance away. Scott was on the floor, in his Ant Man suit, unnaturally still with traces of her power sparking periodically along his prone form.
If you do this, they will never stop being afraid of you.
"Don't be afraid, please don't be afraid." She sobbed, voice muffled behind the hands covering her face."Help me not be afraid, Wanda." Sam said, cautious and careful and setting her on edge. "Help me help you, okay? Just stop this and we can figure it out. We'll be okay, but you have to stop whatever this is, alright?"
I can't control their fear. Only my own.
Wanda felt a flare of annoyance, manifesting itself as a crackle that sent Sam scrambling back a step. She was not responsible for his fear, or anyone else's, only her own. Except she wasn't in control of her fear either. She had thought she was, when adrenaline was high and the avalanche of events forced her to run on survival instinct. But here in Wakanda, there was no such frenzy to distract her and her days were spent with thoughts of terror of what she was becoming.
What she had already become.
She didn't know how to stop and that was the crux of the problem. Her control was tenuous at best and nonexistent at worst. Lagos was an example of both, her shaky hold on the bomb slipping away until it was gone. Guilt froze her mid-tremor and chilled her frantic thoughts.Wanda jumped when Sam spoke again. "You're doing great, Wanda. Keep doing what you're doing."If only he knew. She wasn't visualizing a day at the beach or breathing in sync with her heartbeat. She was cataloging the damage she had wrought and lives she had taken. So many, too many.Her power was red. She was called the Scarlet Witch. Everything about Wanda had a bloody tinge.
We try to save as many people as we can. Sometimes that doesn't mean everybody, but if we can't find a way to live with that... Next time, maybe nobody can be saved.
Wanda had tried to be okay with the lives lost during a mission, but she couldn't. Wouldn't. Because Pietro died in battle, to save Clint and the young boy named Costel. One life for two. He had died a hero, but Wanda would rather he lived even if that meant no one else was saved. Her brother's death would never be something she could live with, it would never be acceptable. Steve's earnest words brought her comfort for a short while, but to believe in them the way Steve did would have cheapened Pietro's death.She wondered, brokenly, if being, or wanting to be, okay with death was why people feared her, feared them, enough to construct a figurative collar that later turned literal during her time at the Raft.The realization stunned her, giving her a moment of fleeting clarity she hadn't had. The crimson lightning faded away, much like it had done when her power were suppressed."Great, that was great." Sam clapped, aiming for encouragement but achieving condescension instead. "I knew you could do it.""I'd like to go lie down." Wanda whispered, stiffly uncurling herself from her position on the floor and mechanically walking toward her room.Sam nodded, crouching to check on Scott, but she could feel his eyes on her back as she managed to force her feet to carry her away. Wanda stood outside her room. She had suspected this was another prison for a while, movement restricted and communication limited, but had held out hope because she refused to believe she had destroyed the closest place and person, Vision, she had considered home only to end up back at square one.News of Natasha's captivity confirmed her worst fear – she had traded one prison for another again.Turning the handle, she opened the door just wide enough for her to slip into the darkened, nondescript room. It wasn't her room the way the one in the Avengers Tower had been, but it was better than the cell on The Raft. Wanda supposed she should be grateful, but all she felt was bitterness as the definitive click of the door closing echoed in her ears.
Will I ever be free?
 
Two.
Sam checked Scott's pulse, relieved to find the other man still alive. His shoulders slumped, the lingering fear and rushing relief left him feeling exhausted. He had only been in the field with Wanda a handful of missions and they were usually separated due to their different skillsets. The few times he had seen her use her magic were brief or from afar, and he had thought her powers were awesome and they were lucky to have her on the team.Now, he wasn't so sure.The way Wanda had sparked and shook like a livewire was unnerving. Sam twitched in sympathy, remembering the way the red strands struck indiscrimin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Friendship
Trust Issues
Hypocrisy
Wakanda
Regrets
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

