Work Text:

Bruce Banner is a man of patience.

He has learned it over a course of several tough situations, and it has come in handy more than once. He has a good degree, somewhat friendly teammates, and a nice place to stay. Food is good, money isn’t plenty, but it’s not exactly a small amount either.

The one thing he wishes he could change, is the one thing that can’t. It’s the green monster thrumming inside of him and knocking him sideways whenever he loses that small piece of himself that contains his patience. It’s the thing that stops him from contacting Claudia after all those years of having left her behind.

At first he had considered her letter to be a cruel joke. A prank that someone might have put her up to, but then he can’t help but remember the way her smile lit up the room, how her hair flowed to her waist like a carefree wave, and above all he remembers her eyes and the spark they carried. Claudia would never lie about Bruce being a father, no matter how much he might wish for it to be just so.

He thinks about contacting her, but only once. Her letter made it clear that after their brief stint that got her pregnant, Claudia had no intention of seeing Bruce Banner again. She had found a good man, someone who didn’t care if the child she was carrying was his or not, and she begged him not to seek her out. She wants a new life, and it’s not something she wants Bruce to be any part of.

At first he had thought he should protest. Because he had a kid out there - out in the real world. But he’s also a scientist, and he knows that with both him and Claudia being young and foolish at the time of the act, he doesn’t have much to offer. So he lets them be. Tries very hard not to think of the first (and last) pictures of his son that gets mailed to him.

Claudia and John look happy in the photo, holding a little baby boy that Bruce feels a connection to, despite never having met. He doesn’t even know if the man raising his son is aware of who the father is, but when he sends a letter back to Claudia and tells her thank you, wishes all of them happy and long lives, he doesn’t get a reply. He didn’t expect one, but he would have liked to know if his son knew he existed, or if Claudia and her husband had decided to keep their cards close to their chest and not let him know.

Despite all of those insecurities and strange dreams of one day meeting his son face to face, the decision is ripped from his hands all together in the span of a few days. He doesn’t want to risk hulking out when being anywhere near his family, and Claudia has long since stopped responding to any letters he might have sent her way. He doesn’t hear from her, not even after the Hulk has been shown on television and his name dragged through the press. He shrugs it off, the one person who might have anything to fear, and he slowly pushes Claudia and his son out of his mind.

Bruce throws himself back into work. Enjoys the camaraderie of the Avengers and the disguised looks from Fury whenever the topic falls back on family. The man doesn’t ever bring up the son that Bruce has never met, but he doesn’t doubt that Fury knows. (He wonders if Natasha knows. Coulson might, but he doesn’t exactly know what warrants SHIELD’s attention).

So he continues to banter with Clint, throws little shared glances with Natasha, talks to Steve about how the world changes, reminds Thor what is proper etiquette on Midgard, and crawls down to Tony’s garage of wonderful technology to geek out. It’s nice, the uncomplicated mess that the whole Avengers gang are, even when they have to save the world now and again.

Except the world implodes one fine morning, without prior warning. The sky is blue, the birds are chirping away like the worst of gossips, but the sun isn’t shining. That shouldn’t be a problem, but it rubs Bruce the wrong way from the minute he wakes up, and the feeling only intensifies when the Avengers get called away from breakfast to meet at a SHIELD base. Those meetings never mean anything good, and when he tries to softly push both Clint and Natasha into telling the rest of them what it’s all about, they are surprisingly closed off.

Steve has been left in the dark too, which is a testament to how badly this could all go. Steve’s the leader, and the rest of them are entirely okay with it, Tony being the only exception as always, so it makes no sense not to inform him on what they are going to be dealing with. It leaves the drive quiet and subdued in an uncomfortable fashion. Tony is fidgeting around like prepubescent teen, and Bruce has to take a few calming breaths lest he break the car or tear out a seat. He’s on edge before the meeting, and if Bruce is already struggling, he can’t imagine himself taking whatever Fury throws at them with any sort of ease. Maybe letting the Other Guy throw the people at SHIELD around for a bit might help him calm down - but he takes another breath, deeper this time, and tells himself that it won’t do anyone a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Past Claudia Stilinski/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Established Relationship
New York City
Holidays
vacation gone wrong
Fury ain't having it
Stiles just wants his Reese's
Bruce wants to see his son
First Meetings

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Past Claudia Stilinski/Bruce Banner

