Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark was many things. He was a billionaire, having inherited his father's multi-million-dollar company and worked until he'd made it into a multi-billion dollar one. He was a playboy and alcoholic, per the rumors spread by the media, and however untrue, he made no move to correct that assumption.
He was also a certified genius, with the brains and inventions to prove it- and JARVIS. He was a philanthropist: the Maria Stark Foundation had been running since the time of her death, to honour the things she wanted to do to help the world in any way she could but never had the time to. (Because she was a bit preoccupied getting high, not that many people knew, but she had still attended charity galas and donated to them on the occasion. It was the principle of the thing that mattered, keeping up the Stark image, as Howard would no doubt say.)
The public called him egotistical, which was not entirely false as it was a side effect of always being the smartest person in the room, and a narcissistic asshole, which was only true in public. They called him self-obsessed, selfish and uncaring of others besides himself. Heartless. Monster. Killer. Scumbag. No respect for anyone else.
Merchant of Death.
But the one thing they had never called him was mutant.
~~~
When Anthony Edward Stark was five years of age, he discovered he was a mutant. Scared and alone, with a father who despised and wished to exploit people like him for war, Tony hid.
People call him incapable of feeling emotion. If only that were true, because Tony could feel them all.
He first realised there was something wrong when he began experiencing violent mood swings for no apparent reason, especially when around a lot of people. Feelings and emotions swarming his mind from nowhere and everywhere, clouding his senses in a thick fog to the point that he was sure they couldn't all be his, because how could one person feel so much on their own? The feelings were always making it hard to think and discern what exactly it was that he was feeling, let alone whether the emotion was actually his in the first place.
Jarvis, Edwin Jarvis that is, had found him hiding in a closet during one of his father's larger parties about a month and a half later, shaking in fear and gripping his head as if that would ward off everything going on in his head. Jarvis was kind and fair, and Tony always saw him frown in disapproval when Howard went on one of his mutant tirades and quietly usher him from the room when he could.
Tony had been distraught and had cried into the butler's suit jacket while the older man rubbed his back and gently carried him to a safe place to talk, his mere presence warding off most of the invading emotion and allowing the small boy room to breathe. 
Tony told Jarvis what was happening after much prodding and gentle but firm promises, (including a pinkie promise, because pinkie promises were unbreakable contracts. Mrs Jarvis had taught him that when he was three), not to tell anyone. The man had kindly explained he was a mutant, making sure to leave no room for doubt that Jarvis would think him any different because of it.
Tony Stark was an empath. And a powerful one at that, per the old Butlers estimates (apparently, his late wife Ana had a small empathy ability, which was a large comfort to the young boy as he had very much liked her when he met her that one time when he was three), considering his young age and the apparent intensity of his mutation. 
That same year, albeit five months later, Tony built a small robot dog (if it could be called that, as it only vaguely resembled one, with four legs and what was probably a head and a little dangling bit that could be called a tail) because he was unable to have a real one, and it became his very first friend aside from Edwin Jarvis. It was crude and barely did much on its own without remote help, but it was a huge accomplishment for the young boy.
He discovered his empathy seemingly also extended to machines, in a way. He had noticed with Buddy, the dog, that he could kind of see his programming at work. He could almost feel the data that ran through his bot friend as well as what appeared to be the electricity that kept him 'alive', he could even direct the bot's movements if he concentrated hard enough when Buddy got himself stuck where his programming failed him, though it left him exhausted afterwards and it was very limited. 
Sometimes he thought he saw something similar in the television, or a computer if he looked close enough, but again, it was difficult. As he grew, he found that the more he knew about the object, the easier it was for him to see how it worked and interact with, but he could only do so much. (Many years later as an adult, he used it mostly with the suit to tell it what to do while he was driving it, just to make it easier as JARVIS could only do so much.)
Tony Stark, son of a well-known mutant hater, was a mutant with some technopathic powers t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Child Abuse
Human Experimentation
Torture
Past Torture
Past Child Abuse
Mutant Tony Stark
People are mean to Tony
Parental Charles Xavier
Parental Ororo Munroe
Panic Attacks
Tony tries to not be a mutant
Uses his powers sparingly
He's very good at keeping secrets
until he isn't
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Wordcount: Over 20.000
Innocent Loki
Brainwashed Loki
Tony Stark is the only one with a brain

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

