Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Give me one good reason to go through with this.”Natasha’s sigh was audible even through the closed bathroom door.  “Because this is a benefit for the New York Public Libraries, and the Friends of the Library are counting on our presence to raise funds?”Phil glared at the mirror.  He looked amazingly stupid.  Glaring, he said, “No, they’re counting on the Avengers’ presence to raise funds. No one will care or notice if I’m there or not.”“Really?” she asked. “You’re going to leave Stark with the general public and untold scores of children and no adult supervision?”Phil’s eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “You count as an adult, I’m quite certain of it.”“Above my pay grade, Coulson. Besides, I’ll be responsible for Clint, or Tony, but not both. Not alone.”“Steve can-”“Steve is very excited about this benefit,” she said, her voice full of doom.  “Steve is very enthusiastic about the power and possibilities of the free library system.” There was a beat of a pause.  “Did you know that Steve still has his library card for the Carnegie Library in Flatbush?”Phil’s head fell forward. “Of course he does.” He straightened up. “What’s his costume?”“Buck Rogers.  He’s very please with how it came out.”Phil shifted his weight, trying to get used to the heels.  “Do children even remember Buck Rogers?”“Probably not, but Steve might just revive the property.  He’s very enthusiastic.”“If anyone can, it’s him.” Phil tugged at his neckwear.  This was unnatural. “Director Fury can be your designated adult.”There was a pause. “Director Fury is dressed as Long John Silver.  Do you really think he counts?”“That’s almost enough to convince me to put in an appearance,” Phil said. “Almost.”“Really? Your boss, dressed as a pirate, with a robot parrot that Stark programmed, that’s not enough to get you out here?”“Not quite. Get me a picture.”“You picked a fine time to evidence shame, Coulson.” The bathroom door opened with no further warning.  Phil glanced up, catching sight of her in the mirror. She was stunning in her ballerina costume, a brilliant design of scarlet and gold silk, tule and feathers. Crystal and ribbon curled through the feathers that framed her hair and face, and her makeup was suitably stunning. She smiled. “Hill decided on Princess Leia.”He stared at her. “No.” She arched an eyebrow. “What-”“The white one from the beginning, do not even bring up the metal bikini.”Phil held up a hand. “The hair?”“Oh, yes.” Natasha leaned against the doorframe, her arms crossed over her chest. “Cinnamon bun braids.”Phil considered that. “Dammit,” he said. “I’m going to have to attend this thing. Aren’t I?”“There was never any chance you weren’t. You are a man of your commitments.”He let out a sigh.  “I don’t remember committing to this.”“Yes, well, you shouldn’t have committed to an extended op without us, thus leaving us to commit on your behalf.” Natasha made a ‘turn around’ motion with one hand, and when Phil turned to face her, she straightened his shirt. “Where’s your vest?”Phil winced. “Do I have to-” Her eyes flicked up to his, and Phil struggled to repress a flinch. “On the bed.”“Better,” she said. She hooked a finger in his bandanna and tugged him towards the bedroom. Collecting the vest with her other hand, she held it out. “Suit up, Agent Coulson.”“I will get you for this, Agent Romanov.” He took it from her and pulled it on.  Her head tipped to the side, her gaze considering.   He spread his hands.  “Well?”“I have to admit, that works better than I thought it would,” she said.“Well, golly gee howdy,” he deadpanned. “Thank you kindly, ma'am.”She made a tsking noise under her breath, but her eyes were dancing. “Now, that’s no way for an authority figure to talk.”“I feel ridiculous,” he said, and Natasha plopped his hat on his head.“Nothing to be done for it, Sheriff Woody.” Her lips curled up as Phil glared at her from under the broad brim of his hat. “I offered you some options.”“They were all horrible.” He pulled the hat back off, smoothing his hair into place.  He missed his tie.  He really, really missed his nice, dignified shoes.  With a resigned sigh, he set the hat back on his head and tipped it to the correct angle with a flick of his finger. “You look lovely, though.”She spread her arms, graceful and delicate as any prima ballerina. “The Firebird,” she said. “One of my favorite Russian folk tales, and one of my favorite ballets.” She smiled, bright and wide. “If I can do this in toe shoes, Phil, you can do it in cowboy boots.”He stared down that the polished brown leather boots.  The fake spurs on the back jangled with every step, and he wasn't used to the heels.  He was pretty sure he was walking funny, but it was better than tripping over his own feet.  “I think I’d prefer the toe shoes.”The apartment door slammed. “Are the two of you ready yet?”“Barton, you’re the one who’s late,” Natasha called back.“As always,” Phil said. He looked up, just as Clint slid around the corner.  He w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
silliness
Costumes
charity fund raisers

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

