Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The mirrors in the penthouse have been covered for the past three months, and though he knows that perhaps he should check his appearance he can’t force himself to meet his own eyes. As he is thinking that perhaps it might be worth it, if only so that his PR agent doesn’t bitch at him, he curls and uncurls the fingers of his right hand. He’d lied to her, to Ross, to anyone who had asked, and told them that he’d had an accident down at the lab. That the cuts on his knuckles had come from banging out the Iron Man suit after his latest assignment. Nobody needs to know that as soon as he’d looked at his face in the last uncovered mirror he hadn’t been able to stand the asshole that stared back at him and had taken a page out of someone else’s book and punched the glass.He’d banned anyone from coming to his penthouse since then, and avoided having to see what he was turning into when he was forced out of the solace of the tower. There was nobody to check on him, anyway, so avoidance had suddenly become a lot easier. He leans against the counter in his bathroom for a second longer, breathes a slow exhale and ghosts his fingers over the center of his chest before he tells himself to man up. C’mon, Anthony, the voice in his head that sounds suspiciously like his father grunts at him, man up. Do your damned job. So that’s exactly what he does. Puts himself together, wills the excess of himself that keeps bursting at the seams, and gets out of the bathroom. Methodically, he picks up his watch and his wallet and makes his way to the garage. FRIDAY is mournfully silent as he goes, wishes him a quiet good luck that makes him close his eyes and wish for sarcasm and a British accent, and gets into his car. Nobody drives him anymore; Happy having left along with Pepper at Tony’s request. He avoids his eyes in the rearview mirror and revs out of the Tower’s garage.After all, pardons don’t award themselves.Ross, as always, is a piece of shit. Tony is so very glad that this might be the last meeting he will ever have to see the son of a bitch’s smarmy face. His pocket feels heavy where his phone, and all its secrets, rests. He fakes smiles and shakes the hands of every dirty politician he knows. He shares more genuine greetings with the few world leaders he actually is in good standing in, and humbles his expression with the ones he doesn’t. He sees King T’Challa across the room, and when their gazes meet Tony drops his own. They might have been working toward the same goal, aided by a redheaded shadow, but old habits die hard. And holding pain and anger in is a very old habit for him.So he avoids T’Challa until the last possible second, but makes sure that he is cordial to him when they have to confer. He keeps the skepticism he feels about this meeting to himself, though he guesses the king knows. It’s all the same, Tony supposes, seeing as T’Challa thinks he can keep his guests from Tony in return. They exchange quick last minute instructions for each other, and then they are being escorted into the latest UN meetings about the accords.Ross, as always, is sitting in a place of prominence. Where he can direct and control the way that the meetings, and by extension the faith of Tony’s friends, go. Tony’s hand goes to his pocket, where it curls around his phone, and he gives a predatory grin to the General. Underhanded and dirty has never been his style, he had always preferred to go for the direct approach, but he’s learned in the past few months since Ross came to him with the Accords. He can swim as well as any of the sharks now, and if there is anything that his father and godfather hand taught him, it was to be the best at everything you learned.The room is silent after T’Challa and Tony finish, for lack of a better word, dropping the bomb. It starts simply enough, with T’Challa voicing his concerns about certain aspects of the Accords, such as the measures that the governments would take if someone stepped out of line. Ross is quick to inform the King, somewhat condescendingly, that they would be subjected to fair trial. The grin the Wakandan King gives him in return is feral.It’s all downhill from there. Similar to how things went with the team, Tony does nothing but watch the progression of things. T’Challa brings forth the arrest of the former Avengers and the, surprisingly enough, lack of fair trial. He brings forth the footage of the Raft and the conditions under which Wanda, unfortunately a legal adult though young nonetheless, was kept by Ross’s orders. The General turns back, furious, to seek Tony but all he does is stare defiantly back. Tony isn’t just buying the Avengers’ freedom here, after all.“Mr. Stark?” T’Challa’s voice breaks him from his reverie.Tony looks up at him, and is surprised to see something like concern in the younger man. He must be imagining things, he convinces himself, and raises to his feet. He can feel Ross’s dark glare on his back as he takes the podium. This 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Rhodey
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Fix-It
Civil War Fix-It
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Breaking Up & Making Up
Fluff and Angst
child abuse in one chapter
alcohol abuse in one chapter
non consensual touching in one chapter
please read the tags and author's note
please
not wanda maximoff friendly
not entirely clint barton friendly
Eventual Happy Ending
Discontinued for the time being.

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

