Chapter 1: Finding Out
    




Chapter Text
Tony spun around on his chair at the sudden cut off to his music, sauder gun and coper wire held in either hand as the device on the table cooled."What the hell?" He asked, setting down the things in his hand and pulling off his mask.Steve stood at the entrance to his lab, one hand on his hip and a odd look on his face. A mix of disappointment and endearment pulled at his mouth and eyes, giving him a painful smile. "There's a man here from the classification office." He sighed, eyes looking down for a second, and then back up.Tony's eyes narrowed. "Why?""Not sure. But he says it's important." Steve turned slightly, holding out one hand to show he wasn't leaving without Tony.Tony let out a moan, knowing he was going to be set back again. There was way too much work to get done, and yet, this kind of stuff had to happen. So close to a breakthrough, too!He mumbled as he walked to the elevator, followed closely by Steve. JARVIS took them right to the communal floor, doors open in with a ding."Now what's this all--" Tony's sentence was cut short as he saw his loaded living room. Wade Wilson sat on the couch along with Natasha Romanov and Phil Colson. Peter Parker sat on the floor, playing Legos with Clint Barton and Bucky Barnes.One big happy family, Tony thought fondly as he looked around. Is wasn't very often they all got together to play, most of the team classifying as caretaker or little. They say that happens a lot in friend groups.Sub and Dom pairs hung out with other Sub and Dom pairs. Not because they meant to, but because it would just happens that way. Littles and Caretakers were no different. Even as children, they tended to hang out with each other. It was usually very simple to classify a kid who hadn't yet reached eighteen due to the simple fact that the hung out with others like them. It was often a great joke at the right kind of parties.Tony smiled as Peter waved at him, moving his hand in greeting as well. Peter was a great kid. All of them were, really. They loved having him play with them when he had free time, but it wasn't often."Tony Stark?" A voice broke through the group. A man with a kind smile and wind-tossed hair held out his hand. He was dressed in a nice--but not overly so like many of Tony's--suit and black loafers. Simple, professional. Tony could respect that."The one and only." Tony sighed, then reached his hand out as well. "My name is George Kenya. How are you doing?" The man asked."Doing." Tony answered, taking his hand back.After a moment of silence, Steve asked, "To what do we owe this visit, Mr. Kenya?""George, please. I have a bit of news concerning Mr. Stark." He looked from Steve to Tony. "Is there anywhere privet we may talk?"Tony's eyes narrowed. Not only was he uncomfortable with the thought of being in a room, alone, with a man he didn't know, he didn't like this situation at all."How about we just take a seat at the table?" Steve offered, hand on Tony's back."That'll work great." The man nodded, following as Steve lead them to the table.They took a seat, but without a thought, Tony sat close to Steve and kept hold of his hand under the table. The rest of the team pretended to do something else, but it was easily noticeable that they were listening."So, first things first. I want to ask you when you were Classified?" George started, pulling a file out of his suit case and setting the case aside.Tony looked skeptical as he said, "When I was eighteen, just like everyone else."George nodded and open the folder. "That would be the normal age, yes. Do you remember who administered your test?"Tony rolled his eyes. "Yes, because I remember every person I've ever met.""Tony," Steve warned.Tony let out a sigh. "Sorry. No, not really.""That's fine. Just wanted to see." George leaned forward on his elbows. "It was done by a man named Victor Hammer, and a recent investigation into him showed us that many of his Classifications had been half-assed at best."Tony looked to Steve and then George. "What're you saying?""What I'm trying to say, Mr. Stark, is that you may not be a Neutral as previously told." George waited for a second for this to sink in. "What I am here for, is to readminister the test."The entire room was silent, everyone but the littles falling into a mute thought. "How could this happen?" Steve asked after a long time."The man perviously mentioned had been fired for misconduct and, due to this, all of his cases required a second look--just in case. It's a good thing, too, because I don't not believe the results of parts of the test to be consistent with the whole result. With your permission, I would like to redo it." George explained.Tony looked over to Steve, heart pounding in his chest. That didn't make sense. Stuff like that didn't happen. That's why they had Classifiers like George! They didn't have any designation, but were the only ones able to tell other Classifications for certain! That's why the laws were in p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Colson/Clint Barton
Wade Wilson/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan

freeform: 
Diapers
ABDL
Ageplay
Non-Sexual Ageplay
bottles
Littles Are Known
classification
Little-Big relationships
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Wetting
acidents
playrooms
Cribs
Racecar beds
BigBrotherBucky
LittleBrotherTony
Bruce Is a Good Bro
mentions of panic attaks
nursey - Freeform
Steve knows what to do
Hurt Tony
Tony has zero self-esteem
Mentions of past abuse
mentions of past alcoholism
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
caregiver!Steve
Caregiver!Phil
Little!Bucky - Freeform
little!Clint
Caregiver!Wade
Little!Petter
Accidents
pull-ups

fandom: 
Phil Colson/Clint Barton
Wade Wilson/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan

