Work Text:
"..and these are the security codes to the gate," Fury finished, and Steve nodded again. He was almost dizzy from all the nodding he'd done in the past two days; he was sure less than half of what he'd heard had actually sunk in, but he was relying on the bulky folder he was clutching to hold the necessary information. "Now, you have my direct number in case of trouble; just make sure you take your cellphone and ID with you when you leave the apartment, and you'll be fine." Steve nodded again. "So I'll leave you and Stark to get settled in."Steve stared at Fury. Then he stared at Stark, who was still standing in the hall where he'd planted himself when they'd entered ten minuted ago. He was staring out of the window with a frown on his face. The sound of the door dragged his attention back to Fury, and only Steve's superior reflexes allowed him to catch Fury's sleeve before he was gone."What - what do you mean, Stark?""Stark. You were briefed on him this morning. Iron Man.""Yes - " Steve hesitated. "Yes, I remember, but why's he staying? You - I - what?" He'd assumed the man was a secretary or attache, trailing Fury about in silence."You were briefed on that yesterday," said Fury, starting to sound irritable. "After Superhuman Registration was passed, superhumans in violation of the law, but not deemed a major danger, started to be placed in the custody of registered superhumans. He's yours. Don't let him get into trouble. It's all in the file." He tugged firmly at his sleeve, and when it came free, vanished down the corridor before Steve could protest. Steve gazed after him, mouth still attempting to shape an objection until he heard a rustle behind him. He turned, and his mouth dropped open even wider."What  - " Stark added his socks to the pile of clothes on the floor and turned wide eyes on him. "Why are you naked?""I'm not supposed to have clothes if I'm free roaming," explained Stark cheerfully. "And you don't have a cell, so - ""Why aren't you..." Steve trailed off, and tried to work out if installing a cell was the sensible option. Stark was really quite nice to look at with no clothes on, all long limbs and softly golden skin. And there was some kind of blue light set into his chest - some kind of superpower, maybe?"Because Fury has no sense of humour, and I get bored easily." He shrugged. "The Sentry was really, really boring, and he used to leave me alone in an almost empty room with no doors for *hours*. So I built a booby trap out of my clothes and a set of windchimes. Unfortunately he panicked a bit and caused a little bit of damage to some skyscrapers. So now, no clothes. Or windchimes, I guess.""What - your chest. What -" Tony tapped a finger on the blue disc of light set into his chest."Pacemaker. It's not really, but close enough.""What am I supposed to do with you?" Steve said feebly."Oh, you know. Try to instill morals. Make sure I don't do anything bad. Fury was delighted when he heard you'd reappeared; I swear, the second or third thing he said was 'he can take Stark off my hands'.""Fury's not superhuman.""He's kind of run out of superhumans to take me on. I liked living with Reed, but I had a fight with - never mind, you look so confused." Stark patted him on the arm. "Want some coffee?"Stark complained about the coffee, and promised that tomorrow he'd fix the coffee machine. It tasted fine to Steve, though. Stark took the folder away from him and flicked through it, humming to himself, while Steve watched him across the kitchen table, which was bolted to the floor. Most of the apartment furniture appeared to be fixed in place, which gave it a very clinical feel."This is all rubbish," Stark said finally. "Do you have a computer? No? We'll get you one tomorrow, and then we can order you some decent books instead of this regurgitated politically correct crap. You can tell it's an official Government report, all right.""All right," said Steve, and Stark smiled at him. "What are you going to do?""Whatever you do," said Stark, and shrugged. "I'm under twenty-four hour supervision, I'm not allowed out of your sight. I even have to pee with the door open, so please let me know about guests in advance, unless they want to see - ""Why do you have to be naked if you can't be out of my sight?""Fury. No sense of humour. Likes to see me suffer. Also, presumably you won't be staring at me the whole time; it's to stop me knocking together an engine of destruction while you're looking the other way.""Where are you going to *sleep*?""With you," said Stark simply. Steve gawked at him. "It's all right; I don't kick or snore. Fury said it was about my one redeeming feature. Speaking of which, it is getting late, and I am quite tired, so..." Steve stared at him, and Stark sighed. "I can't go to bed unless you do.""Oh, of course - no, really, are you sure?" Steve grabbed the folder away from him and started paging through."Afraid so." Stark stood up and stretched, and Steve stared down at the pag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
consent issues: power differential

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

