Work Text:
“Tony-”
Tony stepped back as soon as he saw Rogers and Barnes coming towards him.
 
Tony immediately raised his right hand which had the watch gauntlet.
 
Pepper’s eyes had turned orange. Bruce’s had a tinge of green while Thor was looking thoroughly disgusted. Vision was glaring at them. Rhodey looked upset.
 
“Woah, Rogers stay where you are on the door. When you signed the new accords you signed an agreement too that you and Barnes will never come near me. No matter what. Why the hell are you coming  near me? I know you signed the agreement that my lawyer took with him to wakanda. ”
 
Tony’s face was blank.

Steve and Bucky had signed an agreement that no matter what they will never go anywhere near Tony Stark. Both were reluctant to sign it at first but Tony’s lawyer had scoffed. He had called them out on their bullshit.


“Sign the damn papers. My friend was left in that Hydra base by both of you. Be thankful I am not putting your asses in prison. Tchalla will not be able to save you this time. Unlike you both, I have actual work. Sign the papers. Don’t waste my time.”

 
Steve looked distressed. Bucky closed his eyes.
 
Clint, Natasha, Sam, Scott and Wanda were just looking.
“Tony, we are -”
 
Before Steve could finish Thor went to him and  lifted him up by the neck. The same way he had lifted Tony. Thor had had enough.
 
After learning everything Thor was disgusted with all of Rogers team mates. But most of all he was disgusted with himself.
 
“You have the audacity to try and talk to him when you left him to die in that place called Siberia? Lied to him for years, then again lied to his face. Now you are upset he doesn’t want you and his parents killer anywhere near him?”
“Thor- Thor”
Steve struggled against Thor’s hold.
Clint, Natasha, wanda, sam and scott started shouting at Thor.
Steve couldn’t breathe.  Bucky was not sure whether he could even go against a god.
 
Thor still had a strong hold on Steve’s neck. He saw Tony, Lady Virginia, Vision and Bruce.  He flinched when he saw Tony’s expression.
Tony was looking at all of Rogers team mates and Maria hill.
Vision had a hand on Tony’s shoulder while lady Pepper was glaring at Steve’s team.  Rhodes looked distressed as he saw Tony’s state.
 
Bruce Banner was avoiding looking at Tony and Thor. He was fidgeting.
Bruce figured it out. He had got to know Thor a little when they were on Asgard. He wanted to run away from the room when he saw Tony looking at all of Rogers team mates.
He understood. He felt lower than dirt. Tony had glanced in his direction too.  He could very well make out what was going on in Tony’s mind. 
 
Thor started laughing and released Steve. Steve fell down with a thud and breathed deeply. He remained on the ground trying to get his breathing back to normal.  
He looked at Thor as if Thor had betrayed him.
 
 Rogers team mates, Natasha and Maria Hill flinched.
 
Thor was not stopping. He was laughing like a maniac.
 
Tony was still glaring at them.
 
Wanda couldn’t do anything since Thor was wearing the bracelet too.
 
Thor didn’t even realise as tears slipped from his eyes.
“Lady Virginia was right. You all are monsters. I am a monster. When I was choking Stark you all were just standing … doing nothing. Saying…nothing. ”
Whole of Rogers team and Maria Hill turned pale when they heard Thor. Bruce and Rhodes shook their heads. They too had not spoken when Thor had assaulted Tony.
Fury shook his head in despair. He had seen the footage courtesy Virginia Potts after she had fired Maria Hill. 
 
Steve started shaking as he realized what Thor was talking about.
Bucky noticed Steve’s state and flinched.  Whatever Thor had just said had shaken his lover more than Thor holding him up. He noticed that all the people in the room were avoiding looking at Tony Stark.
 
Thor glared at Barton, “it is going around.”
Thor looked scary with tears still shining on his face. His voice was like thunder.
Clint took a step back and flinched when he saw Tony glaring at all of them. Yeah, he remembers what he had said when Thor had assaulted Tony. He remembers very well what he said on the raft too. Virginia Potts had ripped him a new one for that. He is scared of her. He has never been truly scared of women. Minus his wife. He wasn't scared of Natasha.
 
But Virginia Potts, he was truly scared of her. He never wanted to cross her.
 
Thor moved towards Clint and Clint for the first time feared for his life.
“Thor, calm down,” Clint said his voice shaking with fear.
 
Thor sneered and pointed the hammer at Clint, “you deserved what Loki did to you. That was your coming around.”
Clint lost his balance and fell down. He didn’t even realise as Natasha wrapped a hand around him.
 
Everyone in the room except the people standing with Tony flinched.
Steve closed his eyes. Bucky had no idea who was Loki or what he had done to Barton.
 
Thor looked at Natasha with disgust in his eyes, “you are one of the most horrible women I’ve ever had the displea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
Regret
Guilt
Not A Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Protective Thor
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Thor

