Work Text:
“Bucky………..You and Wanda are same. Victims.”
 
As soon as the words left Steve’s mouth Bucky felt his whole world shatter. The world he had tried to carefully reconstruct after coming out of cryofreeze.
 
When Bucky had come out of cryo and was healed with B A R F and the neuro blockers courtesy Tony Stark and Dr strange he made a point to know all about steve's friends. Clint was a spy who had worked for shield. God knows the man wasn't retired. Natasha was a target he had to kill with Steve when project insight was supposed to happen, a spy who also worked for shield. He remembered he had shot her before on a mission.  Scott was ex thief. Sam was ex-military. But Wanda…..she was ex hydra…………
He had learned everything about her. When they all had come back and they all learned what the witch had done to Tony Stark’s head ……Bucky wanted to strangle her. How could she? That man had taken the fall for Ultron while she was sitting comfortably.
He made it a point to never be in the same room as her. He had tuned out Steve when he was singing wanda’s praises. But what he had said…about them being alike. That Bucky will not tolerate.
 
He had apologized to Tony Stark when he had come out of cryo.  He couldn’t even look in the mirror without thinking he had tried to kill an innocent man in that bunker with Steve when he had just seen his parents die in front of him. No one had read any words then.  He had tried to tell himself that it was okay to love Steve even after all that he had done in last seventy years. He deserved some happiness. But if the one he loves is saying that………………
 
For him it has always been Steve.
 
But if Steve is saying that……
 
Then its better he is alone.    
 
He felt like he was back in that chair.
 
He didn’t even realise as his steps took him to Steve. He slapped him.
 
Everyone in the room flinched minus Tony Stark, Pepper Potts, Thor, Bruce, Vision, Dr Strange and Fury.  They were glaring at Steve and his team mates.
 
“What did you say?”
Bucky’s voice was devoid of all emotion. It was blank.
 
Steve was holding his cheek looking at Bucky incredulously.
“Bucky……”
 
Bucky again slapped Steve. Steve’s eyes were about to pop out.
 
Bucky’s face was blank. Utterly blank.
 
Tony and Pepper lowered their heads. Thor was still glaring at Steve. Bruce looked disgusted. Vision looked distressed.
 
James Buchanan Barnes was nothing like Wanda Maximoff and Pietro Maximoff. How could Steve even say that?
 
Bucky  moved away from him. His feet took him to the door.  He had lowered his face. Both of his arms were shaking. When he lifted his head and looked Steve in the eye,  Steve felt as if someone had driven a sword through his heart.
Bucky was crying. Tears were overflowing from his eyes. There was only pain, sadness and betrayal in his eyes. His voice broke as he spoke. It was the voice of a person who had lost everything.
 
“I am nothing….nothing …like her.  I I didn’t willingly kill people. I I didn’t join Hydra,  I I didn’t asked to be brainwashed. I… I didn’t ask Zola to experiment on me. I…. I am …..nothing like her. I….I am horrified by what I have done. What my…… hands ……hands…… have done. I am horrified that I killed Tony Stark’s mother and father. That I- I- I orphaned him and tried to kill him too. I have killed so many innocents… "
"You will stay away from me Rogers. You don’t care for me……If you did you would’ve never said something so cruel…… You and your friends…  If any of you come near me I will beat you to death. I am nothing like her… I am not….”
With that Bucky fled the room, still muttering he was nothing like wanda.
 
Tony, Pepper, Bruce and Vision closed their eyes. Dr Strange had his head in his hands. Fury was just muttering they are not my champions. They are assholes.
 
Thor was still glaring at Rogers.
 
Wanda was shaking. Clint and Natasha had their hands on her. Clint had one hand on his arrow.
 
Tony wiped his tears, “Friday, help Sergeant Barnes. Talk him out of doing something stupid.”
 
Friday was distressed, “okay, boss. He is crying in one of the lower floors. He keeps on repeating I am not like her.”
 
Bruce and Vision give a nod to Tony, Pepper and Thor and go after Bucky.
 
Thor was still glaring at Steve.
 
“Are you even remotely a decent human being Rogers? You almost murdered Tony Stark….You claim to love that man to death then you compare him to this…….witch. She willingly became an experiment. She is nothing like him. She is not a victim. All of us know everything about her now. She had played with Stark’s mind. I will not forgive her for that. I had choked him because of that….”
Steve blanched as he heard Thor.
 
Tony looked at Steve with pity in his eyes. Steve flinched when he noticed the look. His hand was still on his cheek.
Tony’s voice was soft as he spoke.
“I know you hate me, you dislike me, that my grief, my torture means nothing to you. But you love Barnes, don’t you? Then why did you say something so cruel to him?
 
Steve felt li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Regret
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Thor Is Not Stupid
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Not Wanda Friendly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

