Work Text:
The Omega Crisis On a normal day the exhilaration of swinging through New York's skyscrapers left our favorite spider feeling invigorated, alive in ways most people didn't even know existed. Today though something as different, off, wrong. As the red and blue hero flew from building to building he felt lightheaded, waves of dizziness hitting him like a ton of bricks, severe enough that it was no longer safe to travel by web and since the idea of falling hundreds of feet and meeting his doom by going splat on the hard sidewalks below was most definitely not his idea of a good time he made the sensible choice to find a safe place to land and rest. Somewhere safe just happened to be the roof of Stark/Avengers tower, which was perfect, he could hang out with the Avengers, talk a little science with the two resident geniuses and maybe have Bruce do a few tests to figure out why the one and only Spider-Man was suddenly feeling less than spectacular. It could just be a cold, but you could never be too careful in their line of work, who knows what new ways some megalomaniac with ideas of grandeur had come up with to take out the worlds hero's. Better safe then sorry. As he stepped inside the waiting elevator Jarvis's voice rang clear in greeting, “Welcome back to the tower Mr. Parker” “Thanks Jarvis, Is Bruce around?” Peter asked. “Dr. Banner is currently in his lab, shall I take you there?” The AI inquired. “Yes please” The teen answered. Leaning heavily on the wall he waited as the elevator descended. The room dinged and the doors opened, he stepped forward, wobbling a bit in the process, his hand shot out and he managed to catch himself, he waited a momen, then steeled his body and tried again. Thankfully he did manage to make it to the glass doors without toppling over, he didn't need Clint to tease him anymore than he already did. He pulled the handle open and shuffled inside, visually searching for the good Doctor. If only his eyes would cooperate instead of deciding to make things that much more difficult, choosing that moment to go blurry. Peter closed his eyes tight as a wave of vertigo hit him hard, he would have collapsed right then if not for a strong pair of arms holding on to him and keeping him upright. 'I must really be out of it, I didn't even notice anyone coming close to me' He thought. At least his Spidey senses weren't going off, at the very least knowing the person wasn’t a threat was comforting. “ter… Peter… can you hear me?” A voice was asking him, 'oh right, eye's are closed' he thought he thought. Forcing his eyes open, he blinked slowly till he could focus on the figure, “Hi Bruce” He greeted in an all too calm voice for the circumstances, that earned him an even more worried look. “Peter… Whats wrong? Are you hurt?” The doctor asked hurriedly. He couldn't see any wounds, but he knew all too well that didn't mean anything. “Dunno, I started feeling a little weird and I thought maybe I should come by and see you” He answered still being held up by the man. “Here come sit down” Bruce replied helping the teen over to a chair. “When did this start?” “Not long, It started while I was out on patrol” He answered yanking off his mask, it was getting way to hard to breath in the thing and the fabric was making his face itch. “Did anything unusual happen? Any run ins with any villains we should know about?” The scientist questioned. “No, there was nothing” He assured the man. A basic exam and six vials of blood later Bruce was momentarily satisfied. “It shouldn’t take long to get some of the results back, in the mean time you should rest here in the tower, Jarvis” He called. “Of course Doctor Banner, Mr Parker's room is ready” The AI answered. Bruce nodded in acknowledgment, “Good, just let me get these started and I'll help you there” ~*~ Peter eyes slowly opened and he looked around groggily. His brows knit in confusion, this didn't look like his apartment and since it didn't look like some dilapidated warehouse he assumed he hadn't been kidnapped… again. 'Oh right, the tower' he remembered. He eased himself up into a sitting position, he still felt weird and his stomach had decided to join in the fray, heavy and queasy. “Mr. Parker, Dr. Banner asked me to notify him the moment you woke. He is currently on route to your room” Jarvis announced. “How long was I asleep?” he asked the AI. “Five hours and 13 minutes” The Artificial butler replied. Peter groaned, he hadn't actually meant to fall asleep. The moment Brice darted into the room, wide-eye and ruffled he know something was up “Whats wrong?” he asked frowning. “The blood test results came back and I know whats wrongs wrong with you” The man answered. “Okay” Peter said cautiously. “What is it?” “You're going into heat” The doctor blurted out. “Excuse me???” The young hero asked, he must have heard that wrong. “You're hormone levels are consistent with someone who's going into heat” Bruce insisted. “That's impossible, I'm- I'm not an 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
ABO dynamics
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter Parker
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Mating Bond
Omega Verse
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Child Abuse
Past Sexual Assault
past rape of a minor
Traumatized Peter
needy peter
Loving Wade
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
anal penetration
Caring Wade
Angst
Bonding
Biting
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Separation Anxiety

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

