Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony Stark watches through the window as Barnes and Rogers ship out, Peter tucked in their arms. He can just see the kid’s feet swinging helplessly as they walk, bobbing up and down with every step Barnes takes. On the street, a helpful car pulls up- FRIDAY’s doing, of course. He can hear them both cooing nervously over Peter for a few moments before the door clamps shut and the car pulls away, and then-
And then nothing.
He lets go, and Wilson slumps to the ground.
“Fuck,” Wilson groans, rubbing his face. It’s black, flaking off in pieces where Tony’s repulsor blast had grazed it. Behind him, the wall bears a small crater, dust trickling out from the corners of every crack. A very, very small part of Tony had been merciful, even though he knows that Wilson can’t die and that he’s probably had much worse than a repulsor blast to the face.
Everyone always forgets that there’s a ‘genius’ part in his whole ‘genius billionaire playboy philanthropist’ label. They tend to stick to the middle two. After all, a billionaire playboy is much more sellable than a genius philanthropist.
But, yes. Tony is, in both his words and in others’, a genius. And as such, Tony notices things.
He’s not a genius enough to know what he notices, exactly, but he knows that he notices something. He tucks it into a pocket of his mind.
“So,” he says.
Wilson says nothing. He rubs his face experimentally, as if he isn’t quite used to it being exposed to the air. Tony thumbs the mask between his fingers, looking at it. Wilson gives a low sigh, looking straight at the ground.
“I’m assuming you have a place in mind for me,” he says.
“Eh.” Tony shrugs. “There are a few.”
Tony doesn’t want to put Wilson away. Tony doesn’t want Wilson to leave this room. The vast, vast majority of Tony wants to aim at Wilson and close his eyes and open them to see a mural of gore over the walls, wants to make Wilson pay dearly for this. And the moment the thought crosses his mind, he shuts it down. He is not a violent person, he can choose not to be a violent person. He’s going to take Wilson away, as he and Barnes and Rogers had decided together.
“Is that code for some secret government experiment lab thing?” Wilson asks. “Because I’ve had about enough of that for a lifetime. Several lifetimes, actually.”
“No,” Tony says stiffly, still looking at the mask. Wilson can’t run. He’s naked, charred, and slumped in the wreckage of his own house- and Tony is fully armored and ready to fight. “You’ll just be held.”
“Right,” Wilson says, and lapses into silence. Tony rubs the mask between his thumb and his finger and feels it rip under the pressure of the metal plates. He drops it to the floor.
“Up,” he says.
“Am I at least allowed to take my unicorn?” Wilson asks, twisting over his shoulder to look up at Tony. He gives Tony a look that sends a shot of hatred straight into Tony’s gut. It’s a hopeful look, almost like there’s a punchline waiting to hit. Wilson doesn’t care- not about Peter, not about himself, not about anything.
Tony doesn’t smile. Wilson’s hope evaporates and he sinks another inch down the wall. And Tony.
Tony-
“We’ll see,” Tony says.
 Peter stays confined to the Tower.
He spends a day in medical, where two SHIELD grunts look him over and check their boxes. Tony had suggested that Bruce might take a look, but Barnes and Rogers had flatly refused. Which was a shame, honestly, because it would have been an excuse to call up Bruce, and he hasn’t talked to Bruce in ages, and calling him up just to hang out would be a little awkward at this point.
But Peter gets through medical just fine. There’s no major damage, and the most they can tell him is to keep an eye on the bruises over his neck. They’re extensive- Tony had tried not to look, but even peering through the window over in medical, he could see the swelling purple things all over the kid’s skin.
They bar him from going outside for a week, and then for two weeks, and then it’s an unspoken rule.
Peter stays in the tower. June sighs into July, which stretches and pulls into August. Peter turns seventeen on the fifth of the month, and the day is a bright point after nearly two months of wading through the fog. Peter brightens up when they throw a little party for him.
More than a few people show up. Tony can count the list of people that know about what happened to Peter on his right hand. Rogers, Barnes, himself, the two SHIELD grunts from medical, and the driver from that very day. The last three had all signed confidentiality waivers, and Tony hasn’t heard a peep from them since.
So no one else at Peter’s birthday party knows a thing about what happened. None of them even know he’d gone missing at all. It’s a small blessing, but they all take the day to pretend that everything’s normal again.
Peter smiles for the first time in two months when he unwraps his presents, when the group of superheroes picks up 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson (previous)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Underage - Freeform
Dubious Consent
unhealthy relationship
Not Quite As Unhealthy As The Last One Though
Teen Peter
Anal Sex
Drunk Sex
Age Difference
Hoo Boy Age Difference
edit: lol remember when i thought this age gap was bad
Good times

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson (previous)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

