Work Text:
"Okay," Tony says, "ready?"
Loki raises one eyebrow at him. It's possible he's getting tired of being asked that.
Lifting both hands, palms out, Tony nods. "Alright, alright, yes, fine. I'll just... call them now, alright?"
It's day nineteen into their bonding, a full week since the last time they were in contact with the world outside because miraculously, even the SGC had learned from that day. Tony certainly did learn something, and if it's only that he has to allow for them both to take their time, has to just let some things rest for a while until they're more stable in each other and as a consequence, more able to deal with whatever unexpected might happen.
So that week they have pointedly passed not doing anything serious; no mapping, no discussion of sensitive topics, no triggery stuff, and absolutely no contact to the outside world, not even the internet. They have mostly spent the time watching TV (Loki has, unsurprisingly, developed a fascinating with anything live action involving Guides and Sentinels, and with the way bonding tends to be romanticized in pop culture, there is a lot out there), reading, meditating and rolling around on the bed pointedly not having sex. Though Loki's taken to walking around as scantily clad as he can get away with, which, really. He could weaponize that shit, it's more deadly than Jericho and Tony can feel his resolve crumble by the minute; when he looks at Loki he can barely remember why he put up a resistance to sex in the first place. Even when he does seriously think about it his reasons are starting to seem more and more irrelevant. He knows they aren't, though, so he sticks with them, and Loki doesn't seriously try anything excepting sticking his tongue down Tony's throat every now and then. So, yeah, there is that.
Right now, Loki is dressed, thankfully, though Tony really would not have allowed anything else. Because they're going to contact the SGC and Tony has really absolutely no intention to permit anyone to see Loki in any stage of undress.
"You do that," Loki says, sounding faintly amused.
Tony takes a very deep breath and tells himself that they're both prepared, it'll be fine. "JARVIS, make the call to the SGC."
About an hour ago he unmuted JARVIS to get an update on things; it was something of a test. Not that Tony thought either of them would react negatively to JARVIS but JARVIS too had been muted the past seven days, which is considerably longer than he has ever been on silent before. Tony just wanted to see how they would handle that as something of a small test run for the call to the SGC. It had gone well, nothing of note had happened with either of them when JARVIS had spoken, so here they are now.
Right.
The call is picked up by a mechanical voice asking them to please be patient, they will be connected to a member of the SGC very soon. Tony raises an eyebrow, not impressed, but within the minute they're face to face on the other end of a video call with the woman they – well, primarily Tony – talked to before, when Tony called them.
"Guide Stark, Sentinel Loki," she greets them. "How are you?"
"Good." Tony raises an eyebrow. He would have thought that, considering the less than ideal way the call ended the last time, that he would feel some sort of negative feelings towards her, but there's nothing like that. Huh. Clearly, it was just an instinctive reaction triggered by circumstances, not a response to any real danger from her. "We're actually just calling to check in and to make an appointment to be evaluated. Also, what's your name again?"
She doesn't even blink. "Erica Kernov, pleased to talk to you again." She tilts her head. "So, evaluation. Do you know what that entails? I ask because it's part of procedure; I need to ensure you know the scope and truly feel ready. The appointment will be set at a time the two of you and I will choose once we have determined how soon you will be ready."
Tony nods. "Okay, yeah. As far as I know it's the same tests as the ones that are used to evaluate Guides and Sentinels separately." He's never been present when a Sentinel was being tested, he was never deemed stable enough a Guide to help balance out an unmated Sentinel, but he knows how the tests work. It was part of one of the many Guide classes that was mandatory for him to take.
"While that is correct, for mated pairs the procedure is a little different," Kernov says. "You will be tested individually, while the other is in a different room, and tested together while permitted to help one another, and there are a few tests specifically for pairs. Among them is the examination of your mental shields, your bond will be searched, and your control will be tested to ensure you're both ready to be part of society once more. For this purpose, additional blood tests will be done to examine the level of bonding hormones in your blood. Altogether, the tests are spread out over several days to not strain you overly."
Right, the medical exam, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Sexual Content
Bottom Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

