Chapter 1: It's(Not)Okay
    




Chapter Text

DCU :: DC UNIVERSE :: DCU

DCU :: DC UNIVERSE :: DCU
Kara stood on top of CatCo with her arms hanging loosely at her sides, overlooking the city she loved dearly. The city that was filled with so much life, so much culture—from all over the galaxy, and yet here she stood. Alone. Her cape snapping sharply with the wind behind her, her hair following suit but not as violently as the fabric.Lately, Kara had been doing a lot of reflecting. Coming to terms with many things she's otherwise ignored (or tried to). Putting on a show that everything was alright, that her wounds...her PTSD was a thing of the past. She wanted everyone to be happy, at the cost of her own, because that's what heroes do. Right? Right? It wasn't like Kara wasn't completely overlooked, her friends and...adoptive family asked if she was alright, checked in often and kept her company. Yes, she was fine...sometimes, she really meant it as she took the food with a bright smile that eased the worry of her friends.But they were barely scratching the surface. Kara was not alright, and everything was not fine. Not always.Krypton was gone.Her real parents were gone.Jeremiah was gone.Astra was gone.Non and his crazy followers were gone (but they were her people—it still hurt, yet it was necessary).Lucy was...well Lucy disappeared without so much of a goodbye, and Kara could understand why. With everything that happened between her and James, followed by myriad and all of humanity almost dying the most painful death possible. Kara understood why Lucy left. But the young hero thought she at least deserved a goodbye from the younger Lane. Kara thought they were friends. Maybe... Kara sighed, brushing aside those thoughts while listening in to a police scanner...but it wasn't something they needed her for. So she let it be.Clark..Kal-El...well, she never really had him...he was a stranger to her as much as she was one to him. Kara couldn't bring herself to pretend to care anymore. Kal-El was a disgrace to everything Kryptonian, and Kara was tired of denying that fact. Kara knew by fact...that was truly the last Kryptonian.Usually, by this point, Kara would be perched somewhere on Cat's balcony, listening to the woman's heartbeat as they sat in silence, simmering down from the day's events. But now, Cat was gone too. One of the few constants in her life, if not the biggest...was no longer hers to look forward to anymore. At least Cat, her mentor, her...crush was out of her life.Though Kara was always too shy to even admit that herself...before, now it was all she could think about. Regret, really. But... the complications. With Kara's own double life, and Cat's public profile and personal life that Kara wouldn't have fit into properly anyway. Kara wondered if she should have at least tried to say something...anything...before Cat took her leave.(It was a regret she'd have to live with...like many others)Cat offered, though. Her open door policy, no matter where she was in the world. Her balcony was always open. To both Kara and Supergirl (yeah, they were still pretending they were not the same person.But Kara knew, for her own sake, she wasn't going to take her up on that offer. At least, not anytime soon. Being truthful, for a minute, Kara wasn't sure she ever would. She always did the chasing, but no one ever chased her. No one ever bothered to seek her out, Supergirl, yes, sure. But Kara Danvers? Kara Zor-El...she wasn't good enough to be chased. Kara wanted to hate Supergirl, but that would be ridiculous...but at the same time, it wasn't.Everyone she knew that knew her secret...never really looked at the her. The young girl that watched her parents, her entire culture, burn to death. They saw her. Supergirl. The Girl of Steel, who could do anything with a bright smile, helping people whenever they needed her. And Kara didn’t mind, really, she didn’t. But sometimes...it would be nice for someone to actually...see her. Look at her.Lately, Kara has taken up going to the far side of town for solace. Going to an unnamed alley bar, a bar she was drawn to like magic. And drinking at the bar alone and watching whatever was on TV. She was a regular there, by now after a couple of weeks, but no one paid her much attention. She was just another person drinking away their problems, like the rest of the bar patrons that knew and frequented that bar. And for a time, Kara loved it. Being normal. Or pretending to be, and succeeding for once.Her control, though...it was slipping. Everyday, it was slipping. She had to take out her trash more often now so Alex wouldn't see all the broken coffee mugs. Or the utensils she often snapped in half—or the ones she's accidentally broken with her teeth. And that was just the kitchen drama she was dealing with on a daily basis now.Fighting aliens and flying were no longer working for her, she was wound up physically and emotionally and Kara was scared she would snap and this time, th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kara Danvers/Lena Luthor
Evil Queen | Regina Mills/Emma Swan

freeform: 
SuperCorp
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Slow Burn Kara Danvers/Lena Luthor
Alternate Universe - Modern with Magic
Lena Luthor-centric
Kara Danvers-centric
References to Depression
Method and Tight Control To The Madness of My Writings
Emma & Kara BroTP
bros before hoes
Confident Kara Danvers
Alex Danvers Bash-a-thon
Release Control
SuperSwan BroTP
The DEO ain't shit
Mama Cat (hinted)
CEO Kara Zor-El
SuperQuake BroTP
SuperWidow team up
Supergirl and Black Widow
National City is the safest place
Ever - Freeform

fandom: 
Kara Danvers/Lena Luthor
Evil Queen | Regina Mills/Emma Swan

