Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve could tell that it was snowing outside before he even got out of bed. JARVIS kept the tower at a very comfortable temperature all year 'round, but there was a chill in the air that couldn't be ignored. He shivered and huddled further into the bed, pressing his face into the back of Bucky's neck. Bucky barely stirred, but then again that was what he got for staying up until 4am just because Clint wanted to keep playing video games. Just for a moment, Steve seriously considered dragging Bucky out of bed and forcing him to go on a run. It would piss Bucky off to no end, but it would be worth it.Then again, there was something to be said for the occasional lazy morning in bed, even if there was still ample space in the bed for their missing partner. Steve didn't have to look to know that yet again, Tony hadn't come to bed. Now that he and Bucky were officially Tony's caregivers, that was something that they tried to crack down on as much as possible. At least three nights a week, Tony had to sleep in an actual bed. It was one of those rules that Tony pretended to hate right up until he was cuddled in between Steve and Bucky. Big or Little, he soaked up the attention they gave him like a sassy, adorable little sponge.But in this case, Tony's working binge was justified. HammerTech had pulled out all the stops on their last promotion and their new range of products had actually had an effect on Stark Industries' stock. Steve was convinced that the drop in points would be short-lived because everyone knew exactly how shoddy HammerTech really was, but there was no explaining that to Tony or Pepper. Tony had locked himself up in the workshop and gone into overdrive, and Pepper had immediately started teasing a brand new phone to the investors while doing everything she could to promote S.I.. Any attempts to tell either of them to slow down was meant with either a death glare (Pepper) or being ignored (Tony).That, plus the fact that Natasha, Thor, Clint and Sam had been ambushed in an attack a few weeks ago, meant that Tony was pushing himself to the limit. Just last night he'd presented Natasha with brand new Widow Bites, custom made and built by Tony's hands alone. The awed smile on Natasha's face and the shy smile on Tony's face had warmed Steve straight through. The two of them were just too cute together. Unfortunately, Steve hadn't had the chance to enjoy the moment for long before Tony disappeared back into the workshop with promises to fix Clint's bow and Sam's wings floating behind him.Maybe today would be the day when Steve could coax Tony out of the workshop for a while, he mused. Even for Tony, this was getting a little excessive. The key would be to make sure that Tony didn't think they were doing it for his benefit. The fact that it was snowing outside was a good place to start. Everyone knew how much trouble Steve could have with the snow and ice on his bad days, but a cuddle with Tony often went a long way towards chasing the darkest of his thoughts away. The problem was in getting Tony out of the workshop long enough to notice.He sighed, accidentally blowing warm air across Bucky's neck. Bucky shifted and grunted, reaching back a hand to slap at Steve's thigh. "Stop thinkin' so loud," he said with a groan, trying to bury his face in the pillow. His next words came out muffled. "What are you still doing here, anyway? Why didn't you go out for your run? Sam's probably waiting.""It's snowing," Steve said, and he was not pouting. He wasn't."Oh yeah. I thought I heard that on the radio," Bucky muttered. "Well, I wanna sleep some more, so unless you plan to go back to sleep I'm officially kicking you out of bed.""I can lay here in silence!"Bucky snorted. "Yeah right. You get more fidgety than Tony when he has to pee and doesn't wanna go in his diaper." He rolled onto his belly and turned his head so that he could eye Steve. "You want me to come?"Touched, Steve shook his head. "No sense in both of us getting cold. Why don't you see if you can coax our baby boy out of the workshop?""I'd have more luck trying to turn lead into gold at this point," Bucky said through a yawn. "I stopped down there before I came up here to bed. He's finally passed the blueprints for the new phone on to R&D, thank god. It shouldn't be much longer before the prototype is created. He was in the middle of muttering something about boomerang arrows. I don't even think he realized I was there.""We're going to have one cranky kid on our hands when he's finished," Steve said with a grimace. Yet it was nothing compared to the temper tantrum Tony would throw if they tried to go down there now and pry him away - and justifiably so, in a way. Pepper might have been the CEO of Stark Industries, but it was still just as much Tony's baby. Besides, it had taken Steve way too long to realize that Tony prided himself on caring for the team, and that included tending to their weapons and armor himself. He took it a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Baby!Tony
little!Clint
little!Natasha
Tony is a baby
clint is a toddler
natasha is about five
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Bucky
daddy!Phil
Uncle!Sam
Uncle!Thor
uncle!bruce - Freeform
Diapers
bottles
Pacifiers
Bathing
Cuddling
Platonic Cuddling
Carrying
Sharing a Bed
platonic sharing a bed
platonc relationships
Caregivers
Little Headspace
pull-ups
sippy cups
Sick Fic
Fevers
Coughing
Vomiting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
fussy babies
I.V.s
tony stark is overworked
tony stark tries too hard
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flashbacks
Nightmares
Crying
Sick Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Feels
Vacation
Domestic Avengers
Team as Family
kitties
fear of needles
it's 30k of tony being taken care of
Fainting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov

