Chapter 1: Nightmare Versus Reality
    




Chapter Text
"You can love a monster, it can even love you back, but that doesn’t change its nature.”— Eliza Crewe, Crushed~*~*~“(y/n)...little one... time to wake up...” You hear a smooth voice call to you but you don't recognize who it belongs to. However the sly grin vibrating through the dark and melodic tone made you shiver in fear. Then the pain hit you. “Oh, there's a good girl. Looks like it's time...” You tentatively open your eyes and see a man with shoulder length, sleek black hair, kneeling between your open legs. “T-time for what?” The fear is getting to you, sinking in and confusing you. “To push...” The pain was taking your breath and you looked at the source of it. Your blood froze in panic as you understood what your huge, swollen stomach meant. “I-I'm having a baby?” You ask, panic starting to set in as you try to sit up. The man leaned himself forward, pushing you back down gently in the process and whispering tenderly in your ear. “You're having our baby...” “NO! It's not possible...I've never...I mean-I don't even know you...how can this even happen?” You flinch when you feel his hand brush your (y/h/c) hair from your sweat glistened forehead. He smiles at you a devious smile and gingerly rubs the side of your sensitive stomach. “I've been waiting for someone like you for centuries. It may be part human but I will do everything in my power to make sure it is not a weakling. Now...listen to me darling, and push.” “N-no! This is so absolutely wrong...this can't be happening.” “Oh, I can assure you it will happen very soon...” He stroked over your stomach. “You are indeed pregnant, my dear. About to give birth as well. So, push.” “NO!” You shout and twist your body, trying to push him away. “You're insane! AHH!” A contraction hits you causing you to scream. “You will submit to me harlot!” He shouted and grabbed your thighs, pushing them towards your belly, helping the baby emerge. “AHH!! No! I can't push! This isn't real! You're not real!” You shout as you feel the pain of the child emerging and the contractions hitting you. “Oh, I can assure you, this is very real (y/n) it's as real as can be. Just try to relax and assist our child into this world.” “Oh my god...” You whimper, barely resisting the urge to push. “I'm right here, (y/n). Just as our child will be here in some minutes.” You felt yourself slipping, the pain was overwhelming and seemed never ending. Your vision was blurring, and the last thing you heard was the man's laughing and the child's shrill crying. Then there was nothing as you blacked out. ~*~ Your eyes snap open, a cold sweat chilling over your skin causing goose flesh to rise. It was just a nightmare... “A horrible nightmare, who was that guy?” You ask yourself, sitting yourself up on your elbows. You let out a sigh as you see your stomach is normal again, not swelling with child. Impossible for such a thing to happen, you've never even been with a man before. You sat up, a pain throbbing in the depths of your skull. Throwing off your covers check your digital clock that read 6:43am in it's glow. You sigh thinking that there's no way of getting back to sleep after what you just experienced. You quickly got to your feet, tired of your headache and desperate to get that nightmare out of your memory. You walk to your bathroom and grabbed a bottle of Advil, tipping a couple of the small pills into your hand, and quickly downed them followed by a glass of water. It was going to be a long day...
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader (Marvel)
Loki/you

freeform: 
Forced Pregnancy
Loki Has Issues
You Have Been Warned
Creepy
Graphic Description
Forced Relationship
Loki Does What He Wants
Dark
Dark Magic
weird kinks
Loki is a bit of a dick
But we still love him
Rape/Non-con Elements
Date Rape
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Jötunn Loki
Dark Loki
Manipulative Loki
Enemas
Belly Kink
Belly Rubs
Embarrassment
Nightmares
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Slut Shaming
Forced Orgasm
Forced
Medical Kink
Manipulation
Crying
Blackmail
Kinky
kinky fuckery
Kinky Loki
Porn With Plot
You're Not Willing
Heavy Petting
Vaginal Fingering
Vibrators
Nipple Clamps
Kidnapping

fandom: 
Loki/Reader (Marvel)
Loki/you

