Chapter 1: Shiver. Shake. Shatter.
    




Chapter Text
Siberia is, unsurprisingly, bitterly cold.He hadn’t felt it before, protected by the armor as he’d been.  He’d been insulated from the weather and focused on more important things.  He hadn’t bothered to give it more than a passing thought that didn’t revolve around wind speeds and visibility issues.He’d been focused on getting answers, focused on helping, on protecting, on St- …Well, he’d had other things on his mind.But now?Laying on his back, helmet gone, reactor dark and armor a dead weight, with the snow drifting in at him?Now he feels it.It’s the only thing he can feel at the moment, the only thing that really feels real.So … Siberia is cold.And Tony …Tony’s fading, black closing in around the edges like clawed fingers reaching up to pull him down.He doesn’t bother fighting it.Doesn’t even try.When the dark finally, blessedly, takes him …Tony welcomes it like an old friend.It’s one of the few he has left.~~~Tony Stark dies on the cold, snow strewn floor of a Siberian bunker.~~~Or at least, that’s what he wishes had happened.~~~What really happens is that Tony spends thirty six hours in an abandoned HYDRA base in Siberia before help comes, before Vision finally finds him.He’s cold and he’s bleeding and he’s broken in more ways than one.Tony leaves more than just blood and sweat and destruction behind him in that bunker.In return Tony takes more than the pain of his body, the hurt in his heart, and the betrayal festering inside of him like an infection with him when he leaves.The cold stays with him too.~~~Tony answers Ross’ questions about his whereabouts in short, clipped sentences.  In half-truths and leading statements.  He gives Ross enough to form a solid story but he doesn’t give him the whole truth.  Doesn’t tell him or anyone else what really went down.He takes his hurt and his newfound knowledge, or maybe it’s not new because betrayal tastes so familiar nowadays, and he curls it down into a ball at the center of his chest.  Uses it to weld a coat of iron around his too weak heart.It doesn’t make it any easier.Doesn’t make any of it better.Doesn’t make Tony feel any less tired.Doesn’t make Tony any warmer deep down where it used to matter.He doesn’t think anything ever will.Tony would say he’s hollow inside now if he didn’t feel so goddamn heavy all of the time.Tony would say he’s empty now but he knows he’s not.He’s all filled up with ice instead.Winter has made its home in Tony now, he’s arctic to the core.It’s almost poetic in a sense.Except for how it’s not.~~~He doesn’t give himself a day or two to rest and heal like Rhodey insists.He doesn’t take time to, ‘properly process the events that have taken place’, like Vision suggests.Tony has had decades of hurt and pain and betrayal.  Has had years of longing for a place to call home only to always, constantly, have it ripped away.  Has had an entire life time of never being good enough no matter how hard he tries.And, goddamn him for a fool, does he always seem to try.A measly handful of almost good years tainted now by snide comments, by distrust and lies of omission and fake smiles and goddamn yearning for yet another group of people who don’t want him is nothing.Besides, now Tony’s had thirty six uninterrupted hours in an abandoned Siberian bunker to search and think, to rest and heal, to process.He doesn’t need to waste more time on any of that.  Can’t.  Won’t.~~~Rhodey comes first once Tony’s back at the Compound, because of course he does.Rhodey, his best friend, his brother, the one constant in his life despite their ups and downs.Tony took his legs from him.So now he has to give them back in the best way he knows how.~~~Tony calls Pepper only once in the first few days that follow.She talks to him softly, gently.  Tony hears Happy in the background and almost wants to smile.He’s been good for her and her for him.  Tony’s glad they bonded after that mess with Killian and AIM.  Is glad that Happy and Pepper found each other even as he and Pepper drifted apart.“Stark legal is at your services Tony.”  Pepper tells him quietly but he knows her well enough to hear the thread of anger in her voice.  Knows that, for once, it’s not directed towards him.  “Just tell me what you want done.”Tony does.~~~Vision stares at the hole in the floor of the Compound often.  Sometimes for hours on end.“What’re you looking for?”  Tony can’t help but ask him one night after too long without sleep and too much coffee and the haunting sound of vibranium striking hard at a titanium-gold alloy ringing in his ears.“Clarity.”  Vision tells him softly.Tony doesn’t say anything but he thinks he understands.~~~There’s a package for him.There’s a phone.There’s a letter.There’s a call from Ross.‘Tony,’ the letter starts and it takes all he has in him not to scream.Tony reads the entire thing through once, pauses to put Ross on hold, reads it a second time and then a third.Snow blots out his vision for a long momen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Vision & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark & Vision
James "Bucky" Barnes & Vision
James "Bucky" Barnes & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Fix-It of Sorts
Civil War Team Iron Man
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Not Steve Friendly
Team Cap Critical
Extremis
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Wanda Maximoff Critical
Possessive Behavior
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Slow Burn
Slow Build

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Vision & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark & Vision
James "Bucky" Barnes & Vision
James "Bucky" Barnes & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

