Work Text:

One.
Tony announced his decision to leave the Avengers on a Monday morning, none of that bury-the-release-on-a-Friday-afternoon bullshit for him. He was Tony Stark, and he wasn't just part of the news cycle, he dominated it.His former teammates, former consultees, stood behind him on the podium. Their appearance was meant to be a show of support, though it just felt like an impenetrable wall of no return. Tony wasn't sure what Wanda was doing there, flanked between Steve and Natasha. He could feel her glare and glee at his back, intangible but present like her invasive magic mind tricks.In the first part of his speech, Tony revealed his consultant status, thereby distancing the Avengers from any of his mistakes. The second part of his speech addressed his biggest mistake to date: Ultron. He wasn't surprised when no one spoke up, Bruce was long gone and the rest of them had dismissed Tony's explanations already. The silence was expected, the fact that he was still bothered by it was not.Tony took full responsibility for Ultron, admitting his role in its creation and apologizing for his arrogance. The press and the public loved a good show, so he made sure to loosen his shoulders and kept his head slightly tilted downward. It was the universal 'kicked puppy' expression, which worked extremely well with his dark brown eyes. The smallest hint of tears, reflecting the camera flashes and clumping his lashes, completed the effect. His sincerity and regret were legitimate, so the hoarseness in his voice rang true and steady.He resisted the urge to glance back at Wanda.Tony assumed the costs for reconstruction and revitalization, it was a sum that most people could not comprehend but manageable for a billionaire provided he appeased the public and their stock prices held. It was time to bring out the heavy hitter: personal penance.Effective as of today, Tony would no longer be a part of the Avengers Initiative. He gifted the new Avengers Compound to the silent group behind him. The tower would be renamed Stark Tower, and Tony would continue to serve the public as Iron Man, but with a bit more discretion and direction from a United Nations panel. Rhodey had heard whispers of proposed legislative changes and warned his friend accordingly. This was the time to shore up political currency and Tony was a billionaire in more than just the monetary sense.Iron Man would focus primarily on stabilizing countries that had been disrupted by Ultron, as well as assisting various local and international governments with clean-up efforts. The Avengers had always left the reconstruction to the local communities, taking off the moment the super villains had been captured and the secret lairs blown up. They had rained down whatever destruction they deemed fit in the name of freedom and justice; ideals that could not repair collapsed buildings or broken roadways. Tony didn't mind being relegated to what some may consider grunt work. It was time to get back to basics, so to speak. Leave the crazed gods and alien spaceships and nuclear missiles to someone else. He'd laid down on the wire once and he wasn't in a hurry to repeat the experience."The real superheroes can have the flashy jobs, I'll stick to the flashy cameras and flash drives." Tony winked, preferring to end the press conference on a high note and to give as many witty soundbites as he could. Currency with the press was also a valuable commodity, especially with the ever-shifting perception of superheroes. Wanda was announced as the new addition to the Avengers team before Tony even stepped off the stage. Bitterness lingered on his tongue, overflowing from his heart. 
Two.
Tony spent his free time updating and upgrading his suits, finally able to add improvements he'd always wanted but never had a moment of spare time for. Now he had hours of it without the Avengers clamoring for inventions, repairs, and maintenance. The first month was spent in blind panic at the unfilled hours, but now he held a sort of productive appreciation for the flexibility in his calendar. DUM-E was pleased that 'smoothie time' was back on the schedule. It helped that they took everything with them, not only battle equipment and personal data but also toiletries and dinnerware, leaving nothing behind for Tony to obsess over or tinker with. He considered sending a message conveying his concern over the obvious financial hardship the Avengers were experiencing, but ultimately decided it wasn't worth his time.The Stark Industries Board was happy with Tony's productivity, a rare occurrence, and he caught Pepper pinching herself more than once when he delivered schematics ahead of schedule. While he played up his irresponsible attitude in the media, Tony understood the almost inconceivable financial burden he'd saddled Stark Industries with. Offsetting that cost with new prototypes and models was effortless, and the cost-benefit ratio definitively tilted in Tony's favor.*Tony caught the end of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Financial Issues
Broken Team Dynamics
BAMF Tony Stark
Fix-It of Sorts
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Happy!Tony
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

