Work Text:
It happened after a mission. They had just defeated Doctor Doom for the second time that month (where was he getting all those robots from, anyway?) and were gathered in the kitchen eating and cooling off. Most of the Avengers were sprawled out everywhere in the room, while Tony, Bruce, and Steve made sandwiches at the counter for everyone. They had gotten lucky---the Hulk wasn’t needed, Tony only had a couple bruises, and Steve was pretty much healed anyway---so they had volunteered to make lunch.	However, the friendly, relaxed environment disappeared when Wanda stormed into the room, red light swirling from her hands. She made a complex gesture with her hands and suddenly Tony was being slammed against the wall behind him. Steve was running over to her in an instant, trying to get her to put Tony down. She looked at him for a second and decided to follow his instructions, wasting no time. Unfortunately, as soon as she had set him down she twirled her hands again so he was seeing his nightmares all at once. He cried out then started sobbing leaving everyone in shock except T’Challa, who had jumped over the couch as soon as Tony hit the ground. He had never been more thankful to have kept the suit on, he actually had some leverage now. He lightly pressed the claws to Wanda’s neck hoping she would listen to him.	“Wanda stop this. Stop hurting Tony, we can talk about what angered you, but you need to stop right now.” 	“I will never stop, he deserves to be punished! I will make sure he gets the punishment he deserves!” She screamed back at him, completely disregarding the claws at her neck.	“JARVIS, call him now; tell him it’s an emergency!” T’Challa yelled desperately. In the next second everyone went flying back and crashed into the back wall. They were held there by magic, and, looking at the middle of the room, they could see why. Loki stood with a thunderous expression on his face. Tony gave another whimper and cured into himself a little more causing Loki to whip around, his cape flying behind him. As they watched his armor shimmered away by the time he made it to the fallen avenger.	“Hey, shhh, don’t worry it’s just me, what did they do to you?” Loki murmured as he pulled Tony up so the mortal was resting against his chest. Tony’s cries started to decrease but his tears didn’t stop. With a wave Loki got rid of all the magic surrounding Tony---other than his own, of course. “Is it okay if I heal you?” He was slowly combing his hand through Tony’s hair helping him to relax more. At Tony’s nod, Loki waved his hand over the younger, causing him to relax even more now that he wasn’t getting pinpricks of pain everywhere. 	“Is it okay if T’Challa comes over here? I’m not going to force you to talk, but it would be helpful if I knew what was going on and he can help me with that.” Tony nodded again, causing Loki to smile and drop a kiss on the top of his head. He kept holding Tony against his chest with one hand, effortlessly holding the engineer up while his other hand kept running through Tony’s hair. With a flick of a finger T’Challa was released from the wall, where he effortlessly landed and made his way over to the two. “Explain. Start from the battle.” Loki demanded. With a deep breath T’Challa started his explanation.	“It started out a normal day. Then we got the call to assemble. Doom got frisky with his robots, so we went in to shut them down. We were relaxing after the battle when Wanda came in and attacked him. That’s when I had JARVIS call you.” T’Challa spoke in fast, clipped sentences and when he finished silence reigned for a few seconds before Loki started talking.	“I’ll pay a visit to Doctor Doom later, but for right now I’m going to make sure that Tony is safe. Is it okay if Jörmungandr spends a large amount of time with your mate T’Challa?” Loki directed his question towards the king, but it was obvious that most of his attention was directed at the mortal in his arms.	“As long as Tony’s fine with it, I don’t care.” T’Challa said swiftly.
“Good, now Tony I need you to look at me really quick. Come on, I know you just want to rest but I need to ask you something.” Once Tony looked up at Loki, he continued. “Is it okay if Jörmungandr stays with you for a little bit? He and I want to make sure you’re a little safer until I can fully trust your care in your team’s hands. Is that okay?” Loki made sure to keep his voice soft so that Tony wouldn’t startle and was rewarded with a quiet ‘Yeah, I like Jor, he’s nice.’ Loki smiled down at him again before raising the hand that was still on Tony’s head and drawing a complex rune in the air. It glowed blue for a few seconds, flashed green, then disappeared. “Is it okay if T’Challa holds you for a little bit? Jörmungandr will be arriving shortly and I’d like to speak with him for a few minutes away from prying ears.”	“O-Of course that’s ok, I-I’m sorry for taking so mu-uch of your time.” Tony hiccupped while looking at the floor. Loki’s hand dre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Loki
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
ironpanther
Jörmungandr cares about Tony
Not Wanda Friendly
I had feelings after Civil War
and this happened
sorry everyone
Fluff and Angst
i guess
Loki Does What He Wants
but it's ok
Tony gets cuddles and hugs
Hurt Tony Stark
Protect Tony Stark at all costs
First Avenger fanfic
He doesn't care about the Avengers
He'd happily kill all of them
Mother hen Loki
Good dad Loki
Loki is the bestest friend
I love my Loki
I need to stop tagging
Loki is all powerful
he can do anything
Steve is not the best
tony cries
But Loki and T'Challa make it better
I really love IronPanther
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa
Loki & Tony Stark

