Work Text:
Peter Parker has unintentionally saved Tony Stark several times, but every once in awhile, it’s entirely on purpose.

I.
Tony really wants a drink. He’s ready to upend every last bottle in his liquor cabinet, and he has a  lot of liquor.He shouldn’t. He knows he shouldn’t, because it could end very badly when he’s in this state, but to be fair, that’s never exactly stopped him before.It’s very, very tempting, but he’s trying to be sober. He’s trying very, very hard, but the nightmares aren’t going away, and he just wants to sleep, just a few hours without falling or being attacked by Captain America or being waterboarded or seeing his parents die. He wants to be left the fuck alone by his subconscious so he can just get some goddamn rest.He could drink, but when he’s thinking about all these things, he knows it’s a bad idea.But he could forget for a while.Ugh, but last time, he got dangerously close to using that damn burner phone. He should just get rid of that thing.Well, no, he shouldn’t. He can’t. It’s the only sign he has that he didn’t  entirely  fuck up, even if he certainly fucked up a hell of a lot.He will never call. Never. He’s told himself repeatedly that he will never call. He might be lying to himself, but that’s not really new.He shakes his head, looking longingly at the alcohol. He wants sleep. He just wants to fucking sleep. He doesn’t want anything else, just a fucking break. He hadn’t slept for more than a couple hours at a time in a week.Sighing, he reaches for an old bottle of scotch.He jumps as a phone begins to ring. Not  the phone, but his own. He glances up and FRIDAY says, “It’s Peter Parker, boss.”He nods. “Uh, right.” He looks towards his phone stiffly, before awkwardly climbing to his feet. He stumbles towards the phone and answers it, switching it to speaker before falling into a seat tiredly. “Hey, kiddo,” he says sluggishly. “What’s up?”“Hey, Mr. Stark! I was wondering if you could maybe help me with my homework? I’m working on calculus, and I’m not sure what to do, and Aunt May can’t remember anything past geometry.”Tony stares at the phone for a second. “Uh. Yeah, sure, ‘course. What’re you workin’ on?” he asks, vaguely aware that his words are sort of slurring together, despite the fact he hasn’t had a drink yet. He sets down the scotch, pushing it aside.“L’Hopital’s rule. I, like, I sorta get it, and I’ve got my notes, but I kinda zoned out for a minute, and I don’t know how she did a part. Here, I’ll send you a picture of the problem.”Almost immediately, a picture comes in, and Peter continues talking: “And so she said that this would be one to the power of infinity, but how would it be infinity? Wouldn’t it be zero considering…”The teenager trails off. Tony squints at the hologram in front of him, then at the phone. He opens his mouth to ask Peter if he’s plugged in the wrong limit, but then Peter groans. “Fuck, I’m a dumbass. Never mind.” He continues to grumble, and Tony can picture the teenager angrily scrubbing away his previous attempts.Tony chuckles. “Glad I could help,” he says, and Peter’s muttering just increases in its vulgarity.“Yeah, yeah,” Peter mumbles. “Thanks,” he adds, despite the fact Tony had literally done nothing.Tony rolls his eyes. “See ya, kid,” he says, smirking just a little as he swipes away the call.Tony looks up from his phone and to his surrounding workspace. He breathes out with a loud puff, before standing up. “Alright, FRI, gimme something to do.”

II.
Trudging to his bed, Tony tries to shut out all thoughts about his day. He’d spent every fucking hour working through each line of the Accords, trying to assemble  something  that Rogers would at least spare a glance to.It was fucking difficult, and it was exhausting. Arguing with council members over where to put a damn comma was incredibly draining, and the genius is welcoming any sleep he can get.He falls asleep as soon as his overworked head hits his pillow.He’s not exactly overjoyed to see Howard Stark standing in front of him. The man fixes him with a glare. “Anthony,” he says, a reprimand already on his tongue.Tony sighs, flicking his eyes towards the ceiling. He’s in the workshop back in the old family mansion, somewhere he’d only seen in photographs and dreams for years. Everything is just how he remembers it. Old, useless blueprints litter the room, and tools lie across the floor where he’d last thrown them. He hasn’t been here since he was twenty-one.“Dad,” he says flatly, letting himself drop on one of the abandoned seats in the workshop.Howard steps forward, but instead of criticizing Tony like usual, his face begins morphing. After a few seconds, it’s Obadiah standing in front of Tony, and Tony can’t move.His heartbeat picks up and he has to watch as, over and over and over again, Obadiah reaches out and extracts the reactor from his chest. He watches himself be murdered again and again, until it’s  not Obadiah, but it’s Steve.The shield is held high above him, befo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Gets A Cat
his name is Tich

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

