Work Text:
“You have to hear this.”  Tony stripped off his jacket, tossing it haphazardly in the general direction of the table.  Steve snagged it out of mid air, and hung it neatly over the back of the chair.  Tony pretended not to notice.  “Hi, by the way.”
Steve was smiling, his eyes warm.  “Hi, yourself.”  He poured a cup of coffee and held it out, a very effective lure.  Of course, so was he, in well-worn sweat pants that clung to his hips and a t-shirt that might as well have been a second skin.  Tony wandered over to take the coffee cup, and Steve caught his hand, tugging him in. Their fingers tangled together around the warm cup, and Tony tipped his chin up for a kiss.
Steve tasted like coffee and mint, and his free hand settled easily at the small of Tony's back, stroking there, just above the waistband of Tony's pants.  “Hi, indeed,” Tony said, against Steve's lips, making him laugh.  Tony pulled back, just enough to see Steve's eyes, and grinned at the way his hair fell over his forehead.  He reached up and flicked the strands away from Steve's face.  
Steve jerked his head away, a faint flush rising in his cheeks.  “Stop it,” he said, but the words were full of affection.  “Had a few drinks, have we?”
“Well, I don't know about you, but I sure as hell have.”  Tony leaned back against his hand, comfortable in  Steve's strong grip.  “Wanna take advantage?”
Steve snagged his tie.  “No,” he said, dragging him in.  “Not at all.”  His lips caught and clung on Tony's, the kiss deepening and his fingers climbing up Tony's tie until the were snug against Tony's chest.  Tony smiled against Steve's mouth.  “Smug,” Steve whispered, not bothering to raise his head.
“Kinda,” Tony said, dragging Steve against him.  “But I've got reason to.”  His hand slid down to cup Steve's ass.  “Look who I'm in the process of seducing.”
Laughing, Steve pulled back, far enough to press a kiss against Tony's forehead.  He relinquished his grip on the coffee cup, but kept an arm around Tony's waist.  “Drink your coffee, and sober up.”
Tony laughed.  “I'm not that tipsy, Cap.”  But he leaned into Steve's touch as he took a long swallow from the cup.  It was too hot and too strong and made his eyes water.  “Ah, you know just how I like it,” he said, his voice a guttural croak.  
“I do my best.”  Steve kissed his temple, his cheek, his jaw, greedy when he could get away with it.
“And you do it so very well.”
“Good party, then?” Steve asked, his bare feet shifting on the tile.  He leaned against the counter, Tony still close to his side.  He poured himself a cup of coffee from the steaming pot and took a sip.
“Horrific,” Tony said, pulling a face behind his mug, just to make Steve laugh.  “Oh!  That's right, before you distracted me with your depraved sexual needs-”
“What?” Steve gave him a look.
“A man can hope.  Anyway, stop interrupting.  Before you distracted me, I was going to tell you, I heard the funniest goddamn thing tonight.” Tony tossed back the rest of his cup of coffee and reached for the pot.  “Apparently, there's a high end club downtown that specializes in male strippers.”
“I'm assuming there might be more than one,” Steve said, eyebrows arching up.  
“Yeah, but this one has pole dancers dressed as super heroes.”
Steve stared at him.  “Tony...”
“What?”
“No.”
Tony frowned at him.  “No, what?  What?  What, no?”
“No, you may not take the armor to a strip joint.”
Tony's mouth fell open.  “Wait.  Wait, wait.  First of all, what?”
Steve gave him look.  “That is a PR nightmare looking for a place to happen.”
“I agree the armor is a sexy, sexy beast,” Tony said, “but even I know its limitations, and I'm pretty sure that pole dancing is not within the-”  He paused.  Sipped his coffee.  “Actually, you know, if I came up with a light weight alloy, you know, not aiming for bullet proof and just went with some extreme joint flexibility, we might have a chance to-”
“Tony?”
“Yeah?”
“No,” Steve told him, trying to keep his face straight.
“I have a pole.  It's on my plane,” Tony pointed out.  “I have a pole, let's give this a try.”
“That's another thing, why do you have a-”  Steve stopped, closed his eyes.  “Rephrasing that.  How do you have a pole on your plane?  How does that work?”
“It took a long time to engineer a collapsible system that had the proper hydraulics to allow for-”  Tony grinned at Steve over the hand that was currently covering his mouth.  He nipped at Steve's palm, and Steve pulled it away, laughing.  “What if,” he said, trying to sound arch, “what if it is my life's desire to be a pole dancer, Steve?  Are you really going to make me choose between you and a fulfilling career as an exotic dancer?”
Steve thought about that, his brow furrowed in concentration.  “Yes.”
“Well, damn, I choose you.”  Tony tried to sound disappointed.  Or self-sacrificing.  He wasn't very good at that, though, so he just went back to drinking coffee.  “It's a mighty sacrifice, though, I want you to know that.”
“I understand,” Steve said,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Poor choices
Once you're an Avenger you're required to make some
Potential exotic dancing
Overprotective teammate syndrome
Peter Parker Has a Family
Also a bunch of teammates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

