Work Text:
The day after the Avengers received their official pardon, Tony was bent over the Mark LXXI. Or bent over as well he could be, considering that his ribs still gave him a lot of trouble if he tried to contort his body too much. Not that he would ever actually admit that, but he was alone in the workshop for once with only FRIDAY and the 'bots for company, so he felt free to let out a little groan of discomfort as he painfully straightened his body. He had to lean against the desk for a moment, panting.The evidence of what had happened in Siberia and then later at the Raft might have disappeared on the outside, but Helen had warned him that he would forever feel it on the inside and she, unfortunately, hadn't been joking."FRIDAY, give me a rough estimate as to when you think that the prototype for Darcy's new taser will be built," he said, rubbing both hands over his face. Her old taser had been stepped on by Cooper, of all people. Hopefully that would teach Darcy a lesson about leaving tech out where young, unsuspecting hands - or feet, in this case - could get at it."Roughly four hours and twenty minutes, Boss," FRIDAY responded. Tony considered that, looking down at the Iron Man armor. This version was sleeker, meant for underwater maneuverability just in case they ever encountered an enemy that opted to take the fight down instead of up. It was still very much a work in progress, as he was having difficulty figuring out a way to keep the oxygen system from making the armor too bulky. He didn't think he was going to get much further on it today, not when black spots were starting to dance in front of his eyes and his stomach kept growling periodically. It was probably time for a break."What's going on in the rest of the tower?" he asked, thinking that he might be tempted to vacate the workshop of his own volition for once. It would give Darcy a shock if she was around, that was for sure."Captain Rogers just entered the building," FRIDAY said.For a moment, Tony thought that he'd misheard. "What?""I said Captain Rogers just entered the tower," FRIDAY repeated. "Agent Barton, Agent Romanov, and Sam Wilson have followed. They're requesting an audience with you.""Shit," Tony said under his breath. His instinct was to send them all away because he definitely did not want to talk to any of them, but that would only end in trouble. Steve was just stubborn enough to pull some underhanded tactics if he thought Tony was deliberately dodging him."Boss?""Send them to the common room floor," Tony commanded, scrambling to his feet. His chest tightened with pain, but he didn't have the luxury of enough time to pause until it went away. He dove for the elevator and still felt like every second was taking way too long, even though FRIDAY was rushing him to the common room floor as quickly as possible. By contrast, she was purposely making sure that the elevator containing their unwelcomed visitors was going as slow as possible. The elevator doors opened and Tony leapt out, scanning the living room. FRIDAY had given him the rundown: Pepper and Maggie were both at Stark Industries. Hope was also at work. Rhodey was out of town. Peter was at school. Shuri and T'Challa were in Wakanda, and he was suddenly regretting turning down T'Challa's offer to be here in New York. Sharon and Darcy had gone somewhere with Maria Hill earlier. He wasn't sure where the Vision was, which was unfortunate because that just left Laura, Betty, Jane, and the children. Jane and Betty were missing, but Laura was watching television with the kids."Get the kids out of here," Tony said."Tony?" Laura said, turning to him immediately."Steve, Clint, Natasha and Sam are on their way up," Tony told her. "FRIDAY, warn Betty and Jane too."Laura's jaw tightened in a familiar way. "Cooper," she said, "take your sister and brother and Cassie up to your room. Do not come out until I say you can, understand?""But Mom -""Cooper." Laura pinned him with a look. Cooper scowled but took Nathaniel, holding the baby close to his body. He hustled Lila and Cassie past Tony into the elevator. The doors closed and whisked them away. Almost at the same time, the other elevator doors opened and revealed what was basically Tony's worst nightmare in human form.He was vaguely aware that Laura was standing up behind him, but he didn't look back to see what she was doing. If she was smart, she was leaving the room. Instead, he spread his hands and forced a smile onto his face. "Cap. What a surprise.""Tony," Steve said. "It's good to see you again. You look... better.""Not hard to make an improvement over the last time we saw each other," Tony said, trying to keep his voice light. Part of him was embarrassed that the Avengers had seen him like that, though he understood why Sharon and the others had gone to them for help. But that didn't mean he had to like it. Steve nodded. "That's true, but still, you -""What are you doing here?" Tony asked, rudely cutting him off. He didn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Betty Ross & Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
marvel women being awesome
Women Being Awesome
The Protectors - Freeform
laura barton is a SHIELD agent
protective Betty Ross
Protective Laura Barton
Protective Jane Foster
women being angry
women being legitimately angry
no laura is not going to just forgive you clint
that is not how life works
Aether
Jane is magical
BAMF Women
protect tony stark
Protect Tony Stark 2k16
protect tony stark 2k17
protect tony stark forever
marvel women
Shooting
Guns
Arrows
Tony Stark Defense Squad
BAMF Betty Ross
BAMF Jane Foster
BAMF Laura Barton
Oblivious Steve Rogers
steve rogers thinks he can do what he wants
the avengers get pardoned
Canon-Typical Violence
No real violence
but the implication is there
betty ross and sharon carter friendship
they enjoy shooting at steve a little too much
anger issues
Domestic Avengers
Mentor Tony Stark
Badass Women
Women Being Badass
why does marvel ignore these characters

fandom: 
Betty Ross & Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Tony Stark

