Work Text:

“Steve,” Tony says, voice low. Steve blinks his eyes open, trying to focus. He runs a hand through his hair and sits up, letting the bed sheet pool around his waist. By the amused glint in Tony’s eye, he imagines his hair is doing something wild and unkempt.

“Time izzit?” he croaks out, scratching at his belly and letting out a yawn.

“You know, I think the entire world thinks you wake up at the crack of dawn, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Like Doreen.”

Steve grunts at Tony’s words, blinking again.

“They have no idea that I have to drag your ass out of bed at noon. They’d all be shocked. 

Shocked

, I tell you.”

“S’too early to be noon,” Steve mumbles out, only dimly aware that he’s proving Tony’s point for him.

Tony snickers, and Steve reminds himself to torture him later in some way. Maybe calisthenics. Or 

decaf

.

Speaking of coffee – he’s about to ask, but there’s a steaming mug under his nose, softened with the French Vanilla non-dairy creamer he likes so much. Tony grins, and Steve takes it gratefully and gulps down a few mouthfuls.

“I love you, and I want to marry you, and I’ll never say anything bad about you again,” he sighs when he finally pulls the mug away, blinking up at Tony sleepily.

Tony quirks an eyebrow at him. “You’ve been saying bad things about me?”

“Only that you’re terrible in bed and don’t know how to make a decent cup of coffee,” Steve shrugs, finally managing to shake off the remnants of sleep.

“You’re going to pay for that one,” Tony says through a chuckle. 

Steve sets his half-empty mug on the night stand and catches Tony around the waist, dragging him onto the bed and into Steve’s lap. “Bring it,” he says.

Tony laughs, beating at his chest and shoulder – ineffectively – to try and get Steve to release him. Steve chooses instead to nuzzle into Tony’s neck, knowing the scrape of stubble will make Tony gasp at him.

“Stop, stop!” Tony laughs. “Oh my god, you brute!”

“You woke me up, Stark, you’d better be prepared to face the consequences.”

Steve nuzzles again, and Tony peals off into laughter. 

Steve pulls back and watches him. God, he loves watching Tony laugh. Once upon a time, he couldn’t remember seeing him laugh in years. But now, finally, here they were. In a place where Steve could make Tony laugh, and laugh like 

that

. With reckless abandon, with pure joy.

He sighs, and presses a chaste kiss to Tony’s panting mouth. 

Tony lets out a low moan and deepens the kiss, tongue seeking entry between Steve’s lips. He allows it, of course, wrapping his hands around Tony’s biceps to brace him. He feels a little frisson of desire in the pit of his belly – Tony’s lips against his never fails to elicit that particular response

After a moment, Tony pulls back a little, eyes warm, and blinks. His smile turns cheeky. “You know, I woke you up for a reason?”

“Yeah?” Steve sighs, pressing a kiss to Tony’s jaw. Tony hums happily.

“Yeah. Get your butt out of bed and into the shower, so I can show you.”

Steve sighs. “Or we could stay in bed all day,” he suggests hopefully, shifting his hips so Tony can feel the hard press of his burgeoning erection against his thigh.

“Oh, trust me, Steve, you’re going to be glad you got up for this one.”

Steve pulls back and meets his eyes. He studies Tony for a moment, not sure what he’s looking for, but satisfied when he sees Tony’s open, sure gaze. 

“Fine,” he says, shifting and pushing himself off the bed into a standing position – all the while, keeping Tony in his arms. Tony splutters out a laugh at being manhandled.

“But you’re showering 

with

 me,” Steve says, trying not to give in to his own laughter.
 
+++++
 
The shower is fairly quick. Tony doesn’t let Steve’s wandering hands get too far, and they wash each other fairly economically. It doesn’t escape Steve’s notice when Tony slides the soapy sponge between the cheeks of Steve’s ass thoroughly, and he groans at how good it feels. Anticipation curls in his belly, and he makes a grab for Tony’s cock, which isn’t unaffected by their activities in the slightest.

Tony bats his hand away, though, and Steve lets out a disappointed sound. Tony smirks at him.

“Patience is a virtue, Cap,” he says, voice light but somehow throaty at the same time.

“I’m not nearly as virtuous as the history books would have you believe,” Steve reminds him, nipping at Tony’s jaw a little and crowding him against the wall of the shower so he can press their water-slick bodies together.

Tony moans, dropping the sponge, and threads his fingers through Steve’s hair, guiding their mouths together to meet in a deep kiss.

Steve’s sure he’s getting his way – at this particular moment, his way is shower sex – and lets his hands slide down Tony’s body, palms cupping and squeezing the cheeks of Tony’s ass. Tony moans again, and shifts his hips so their erections slide against one another.

Steve can’t help the gasp, so he doesn’t try. He squeezes again, and he expects Tony to moan, maybe gasp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Iron Man (Armor)
Iron Man (Armor)/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Double Penetration
Armor Porn
iron man armor porn
Armor Kink
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Rimming
Fingering
Barebacking
Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Established Relationship
Bingo
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Double Anal Penetration
Anal Fingering
dirty - Freeform
Dirty Porn
Dirty Talk
Tony Stark has a mouth
Tony Stark has a foul mouth
Steve Rogers is a Troll
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Tony Stark’s Robot Sex Toy
sentient armor - Freeform
Vibrators
Sex Toys
Prostate Stimulation
ambiguous fandom - Freeform
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Top Iron Man Armor
Steve Rogers likes dick

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Iron Man (Armor)
Iron Man (Armor)/Steve Rogers

