Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy mmmed with satisfaction, melting into the sheets for a few moments before turning to mock-salute the sizeable silicone cock now standing proudly upright, stuck by it's sucker on her nightstand. “Thank you Sergeant Barnes, don't know where I'd be without ya!”She'd been so tetchy lately, it seemed as if everyone in the facility needed a whole pile of stuff doing and apparently she was the one with the big sign on her forehead flashing 'Hey! I'm your gal!'. She bucked up and got on with it all of course, but the late nights recently were really getting to her and it was so good to have some 'quality time' all to herself tonight. The dildo by her bed was only christened after Barnes because she couldn't bring herself to call it after her boss. Yeah, her boss who was a fucking golden Adonis seemingly moulded from the cuteness and innocence of puppies and kittens, the addictiveness of chocolate and everything that was righteous and sexy in the world, Steve Rogers. Captain -fucking- America. Yeah, so she hadn't named her dildo after him because, well, it would just be wrong.Bucky, on the other hand, she didn't know so well, or see much really. At all. He seemed, nice. He was fairly quiet, only really seen hanging around in the common room when Steve was there aside from the few rare times she'd caught him (and he caught her) snacking in the kitchen at 3am. She guessed they had that in common. But no, Barnes she didn't know and he didn't really know her, so it kinda felt less wrong that her mind fired up with fantasies involving him instead of Steve. It didn't help that was insanely attractive in a dark, moody, brooding and mysterious sort of way. He'd kept the long hair that had grown since he was in Hydra's 'care', and even though he looked like James Dean's twin in the old photographs she'd seen of him in SHIELD files and the Smithsonian, the shaggy mane and three day stubble he wore now seemed to make him appear to her as if he was a delicious melting ice cream cone in dire need of a good licking. Oh god. What the hell was wrong with her. Nothing, it was healthy to have a little harmless vision to help relax her. Yep, perfectly healthy. She turned off the lamp, punched her pillow and forced herself to sleep before her mind could descend any further into filth. ~ ~ ~She woke up the next day feeling even more cranky than the day before. She snipped at Jane several times for no good reason while they worked in the lab, she punched Thor for sneaking up behind her and surprising her with a bar of her favourite chocolate, and later in the day she damn near SCREAMED when Steve commented quietly that she seemed a bit tense. “TENSE?! Oh do you think?!” Darcy growled. Steve pulled back slightly, his eyebrows raised, palms up in an attempt to be placating. “Look, I'm sorry it's been real hectic lately, we've all been feelin' it. Hey, why don't you have a day off Darce, take Tony's card and go do whatever. Go shopping or have a massage? Whatever you want, I'm sure you'll feel better for it.” He slowly reached for his wallet in his back pocket and Darcy realised that she was burning holes into him with her death stare.“Oh god I'm sorry! Steve I didn't mean to-” She recoiled and covered her face in shame. Poor Steve, he didn't deserve an outburst like that from her. She never raised her voice at Steve, not seriously anyway, this was so out of character for her. “Darce, honestly it's fine, you've been working real hard you just need a break.” Steve smiled.Darcy sighed. “Yeah, I.. guess. I'm sorry I shouldn't have snapped at you though.” Darcy took the black platinum card with Tony's signature scrawl on it from Steve's hand. She definitely needed more of a break. “Thanks, I'll see you in a couple days then.” As she stood in the elevator she felt itchy under her skin. When she reached the apartment floor she felt hot, the air was stifling. Some idiot must have turned up the thermostat. She burst into her apartment, the door barely closing behind her as she started to undress and then ran the shower cold and jumped in. The cool water soothed her nerves a bit but she still felt weird. When the water became too cold to stand she turned up the dial and grabbed the shower gel, luxuriating in the slinky feel of the bubbles against her skin as she washed. It was like a switch had been flicked and she was suddenly so fucking horny. The sensation of her fingers gliding over her breasts and down her stomach was almost too much. She fell back against the tiled wall, arching as her fingers reached down to her already slippery core and swirled over the throbbing centre at the top of her thighs. Oh fuck it felt so good. She swore she hadn't been this turned on in years, and her thoughts as she closed her eyes naturally turned to one metal-armed assassin. He would be kneeling down at her feet, he'd taken his shirt off but he was so despera
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Smut
Sex Pollen
Masturbation
Dildos
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Darcy Lewis
Mutual Pining
Awkward Boners
Horniness
Jealousy
Steve Rogers Feels
growly Bucky
Omega Steve Rogers
Oral Sex
Mating
Biting
Coming to terms with status
OT3
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues
Pizza
Alpha Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Steve Rogers

