Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Charles Xavier was popularly described in the following ways: CEO of Xavier Pharmaceuticals, billionaire and one of the richest men in America (Forbes), endlessly polite and ridiculously charming  (testaments of various women and the occasional man in half a dozen gossip rags), holder of three PhDs (one from Harvard, two from Oxford), heralded genius (The New York Times), most eligible bachelor of 2013 (People) and possessor of a dazzling smile that ranked third on a Top Ten list (also People).Erik Lehnsherr described him in the following way: the most maddening, arrogant, ignorant asshole Erik had ever had the displeasure of knowing.Said maddening, arrogant, ignorant asshole was, at the moment, using a strip of beef jerky to tempt a kitten out from under the carriage of a blindingly neon-yellow Volkswagen. Charles was lying on his stomach on the sidewalk, his arm thrust underneath the car as he cooed softly at the kitten. Erik stood in bored irritation behind him, wishing he would just get up and stop making a scene. Already, three people had stopped to ask if they could help, turning away only when Erik glared hard at them. And now two young girls were starting to drift curiously toward them from across the street. Erik glared at them, too, knowing that if they got anywhere near, Charles would attempt to flirt with them, even lying on the ground, even with half his body stuck under a car. Charles flirting, Erik had learned within the first day of tailing his charge around, was nothing short of an exercise in secondhand embarrassment and exasperation, and was to be studiously avoided if at all possible.“Come here,” Charles said soothingly as he wiggled further underneath the car, his voice a full pitch higher than it usually was. He used this voice often on strays. He’d tried using it once on Erik, who had favored him such a glower that they had never mentioned it again. “Come here, I won’t hurt you. Look, I’ve even got food. Shh, it’s all right. You’re safe. Come on now, come out from under there.”“Charles,” Erik said, letting the annoyance bleed into his voice. “We’re going to be late.”“Oh, hush,” Charles replied without looking up. “I’m the CEO. They can’t start without me.”Spoiled brat, Erik thought, making the thought sharp and pointed enough that any average telepath could have picked it up. But Charles was a weak telepath, not good for much more than reading base emotions and general moods, so Erik wasn’t afraid of him noticing any unspoken words. It gave Erik free-rein with his mind at least; he’d have never taken the job if it had put his mental privacy in jeopardy, even if Fury had threatened to cut off his access to SHIELD resources.After another couple of minutes, Charles succeeded in coaxing the kitten out to where he could reach it. With a triumphant cry, he slowly pulled the animal out by the scruff of its neck and sat up, clutching it to his chest and cooing wordlessly.“Oh, look at you, poor thing,” Charles murmured, petting its tiny head with one finger. “You’re shaking. How long have you been under there? And you’re filthy, too.”The kitten let out a tiny squeak, and Charles grinned delightedly, his eyes wide and bright. Erik was starting to realize that Charles got excited over the smallest things.  In this case, literally.“Where’s your mama, hmm? Are you hungry?”Erik watched as Charles waved the piece of beef jerky in front of the kitten’s nose. “Already late,” he said, glancing impatiently at his watch. “And that thing is going to choke.”Charles frowned. “You’re right. This kitten’s probably too young for solid food. Milk, do you think?”Erik tapped his watch pointedly. “Late.”   “We can spare a minute to get some milk somewhere,” Charles said dismissively, climbing to his feet. The kitten squirmed in his arms, and he hushed it with soothing rubs pats along its narrow back. “A lot of good you were, by the way. You could’ve lifted that car to help.”“I’m a SHIELD consultant assigned to protect you,” Erik growled. “Not to help you play animal control.”Charles snorted. ‘“SHIELD consultant.’ You just like saying that.”Erik, in fact, did not. He’d have much preferred to deny any and all affiliation with both SHIELD and any other government agency. He’d worked alone for years before Fury had found him, and if it were up to him, he’d still be working alone now. At least then he wouldn’t have to take orders from Fury, that snide, one-eyed bastard. But hunting Sebastian Shaw was more than a one-man operation. SHIELD had resources he needed, and that was the only reason why he was here now, babysitting a billionaire with a bleeding heart.At least he wasn’t babysitting Stark, he told himself, which was a mercy in and of itself. He would rather terminate his entire alliance with SHIELD, effective immediately, and eat several bullets than be required to keep Stark company for longer than fifteen minutes. And that was putting it mildly.That was one good thing about Charles, h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Avengers Crossover
SHIELD
Erik is a SHIELD agent
Charles runs the X-Men
X-Men Reverse Big Bang Challenge
bodyguard scenarios
Erik is Grumpy
Charles is secretive
Weapon X Project

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

