Chapter 1: Chapter-1
    


Summary:

BASED ON THE FOLLOWING LOKI IMAGINES FROM THE IMAGINE LOKI TUMBLR:-Both you and Loki live in the Avengers Tower. One day, when he’s bored and in a very bad mood, you accidentally brush up against him in passing. He presses you into the wall and whispers some dark, threatening and naughty things in your ear. To your horror (and his surprise) you find it way more arousing than it should be.+Imagine that, when Loki is brought to the Tower for his punishment, everyone is afraid of him and avoids him. You are no exception, but still, in the heat of the moment, you find yourself tangled in sheets underneath Loki’s strong body as he fucks you. It was a one night stand and after that, you try to go on normally and avoid him as much as possible. But it’s much harder now, when he flirts with you whenever he sees you, and touches you inappropriately when you happen to be alone. He manipulates with you so that even despite your fear, you still give yourself to him.A/N: It started as a one-shot based on the above two prompts, but it grew as I wrote it. Now it’s a full fledged story. Mostly plotty and smutty, with a rare side of feels.





Chapter Text
 
It was a bright, sunny day, and you were making the most of it by going out and enjoying it. It was also your day off, an added advantage. You went for a walk in the park, had lunch at an outdoor café and finally did some much needed shopping with a friend.
A day well spent…
As a new employee of Tony Stark, you were quite thrilled with the nature of your job and the opportunity it presented. Assisting Stark in developing cool new stuff, as well as, finding loopholes in the existing computer programs was your main game. You were one of the handful people selected for the job, and it filled you with pride. Plus, living in the same building as other superheroes—it was a dream come true for you.
Hence, you let the stressful side of the job slide from your conscious thoughts. It was a price you were doubly willing to pay to be in the company of some very exceptional individuals. And not to mention, the substantial paycheck didn’t hurt either.
Upon your return to the Avengers’ Tower, you were loaded with shopping bags, with both your arms carrying enough weight to make them strain. But you marshaled on, thankful that the tower elevators listened to voice commands.
When you reached your floor, you hurried towards your apartment, desperate to relieve the weight of the bags from your tired arms.
Just then a tall, imposing figure came strutting down the corridor, essentially blocking your way—Loki. He had a sullen look on his face, which wasn’t really a surprise. He looked mildly pissed off almost all the time. However, today, there was nothing mild about it.
Well, fuck…
The dark lord of the Sith was scary as hell and a pain in the ass for everyone on most days, so you had learned to avoid him whenever possible. It was kind of hard to do when he was lodging on the same floor as you, but you were learning stealth from the best in the business. However, right now, there seemed to be no way to avoid him as he was coming straight at you.
You tried, though, by moving a bit to the side to give him ample space to pass by. He, on the other hand, didn’t give you an inch. As a result, your whole body brushed against his as he walked past you.
And it was a firm, well formed body… but you were too busy being terrified to appreciate that little detail.
Loki froze upon the contact and turned to glare at you. “Watch where you’re going, mortal!”
“I’m sorry, but I did move,” you mumbled, avoiding his flashing eyes. “You didn’t.”
You mentally smacked yourself. Why engage him when you knew how dangerous he was?
“You dare challenge a God to move in deference to you?” He asked darkly, taking a step towards you.
You took a step back, resolved to make light of the situation, because well, he was making you nervous. But your brain decided that sarcasm was in order. “Yeah, I’m so sorry, please don’t smite me.”
You didn’t wait for his response as you turned and all but scurried towards your apartment. He stopped you just as you reached your door, grabbing your arm and turning you back around.
“Now you dare to mock me? Have you no sense of self preservation?” he asked, crowding your personal space.
God, he was super angry today for some reason, and you had planted yourself right in the path of wrath. Way to go…
“I do, it’s why I said sorry. Not trying to mock you. Now can we please be civil with each other?” Your voice shook as you spoke, but nonetheless, you tried to act calm. “Like good neighbors?”
Loki smiled at you. It was not a friendly smile. It was an ‘I’m going to murder you and get off on it’ kind of smile.
“Good neighbors? I hardly knew I even had one, given the way you go out of your way to avoid me.”
“I’m not the only one who avoids you,” you muttered, trying to pull your arm from his steely grip. “And I’ve only been here two weeks.”
His grip tightened. “Ah,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
Explicit Sexual Content
Rape/Non-con Elements
Extremely Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Het
Oral Sex
Smut
Shameless Smut
my kinks let me show them to you
Kinky
Rape Fantasy
OFC likes to be forced
Manipulation
OFC likes to be controlled
OFC gets off on non-con
Warning: Loki
Avenger Loki
loki is a little shit
Creepy Loki (Marvel)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Loki is a Good Bro
Loki is demanding
Possessive Loki
Dominant Loki
Fear Play
Angry Loki
Anal Sex
Shower Sex
Wall Sex
Anal Play
Kinks galore
Teasing
Action/Adventure
Hydra (Marvel)
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Action & Romance
Action
Romance
Awkward Romance
Reader-Insert
reader is a badass
Plot
Plot Twists
Plot With Porn

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

