Work Text:
  “You know,” Loki rasps, twenty-two hours before things go to hell. “I could tell you, now. All of it. But that would be nice.” Thor growls; Tony grunts something that might’ve passed for go to hell. Loki turns away from the glass door, and smiles. “Besides, the surprise has always been the best part. No point in sparing myself any part of the pain.” “And why not?” Thor rumbles, his hand, on Mjolnir, white-knuckled. “Because,” Loki says, and now he sounds bored, disinterested, like he’s losing it again. “It’s already happened to me.” -- “All talk,” is Tony’s verdict, smug and sure and scoffing. “Worrisome,” is Thor’s. They’re both right, more or less. At least, until the bell rings. --A projectile rockets through the earth’s atmosphere at 47.39 m/s. It looks remarkably like a shooting star, bright and glowing, a ball of gas and light and life, perhaps, at one point in history. Perhaps at one point in the future. It rockets through the earth’s atmosphere, a comet with a tail of green, and it blinks out of existence as quickly as it comes.--NASA dismisses it as a trick of the moon. A malfunction, perhaps. It is recorded, and then, it is ignored.--In the suburbs of New Jersey, Alexandra Hamilton turns eight years old; she’s been watching, waiting for the clock to pass eleven thirty, eleven forty seven, eleven fifty five. It is now midnight, and she sees a shooting star. It looks like it’s coming straight towards her, and she laughs (quietly, of course. Her little brother is asleep in the bunk besides hers). That is a comet, she is eight, and as the clock strikes midnight, the green glow intensifies. --“Sir, look at that. The comet’s changed direction.”“That’s not possible, Samuels. There’s probably a kink in the equipment. I saw it continue on its orbit.”“Shall I check again?”“No need. Go back to your station.” -- Alexandra Hamilton’s eyes are wide and the green glow is making them go wider, because this isn’t what she wished for, this isn’t tickets to One Direction, no. This is the shooting star, coming straight for her, and she whimpers (quietly. She’s not supposed to wake up Tommy. He’s sleeping). -- The magician wakes up ten thousand feet before impact, and he regains awareness as quickly as he’s able. It’s been a delicate procedure, all things considered, and the last thing he wants to do is botch the whole thing up on the final run through, so he opens his eyes, looks around—the trees, they shouldn’t be so close yet—and readjusts himself, so that at least he’s falling in the direction he dictates. He’s close, so close, and if he wants to land well, he’ll have to be careful.In a wide, swinging motion of his arms, he wraps himself up in a buffet of air and concentrates.-- The comet slows down. Alexandra isn’t crying. She’s just looking. The comet doesn’t look at all like what her teacher said comets look like, and she frowns, a proper little girl frown that folds her face up into curls of disappointment and annoyance and bright-eyed curiosity.The comet looks an awful lot like a person, and unless the person has her concert tickets, she hopes they go back home, because from what she can see, they look like a weirdo. Alexandra doesn’t like weirdoes.
 -- The magician dislodges several trees, three steel fences, a small yellow car, a chunk of sidewalk, and a well-manicured garden, but he doesn’t think that there are any fatalities, and he thinks that he well deserves a pat on the back for that.The air stops its manic spiral around him until it is only cradling, barely brushing up around him, and then he twists his hands sharply and it’s wrapping him in a writhing globe. He lifts himself up like this, cradled in his own small universe, and spares the smallest of smiles.He’s not sure if it’s worked, not yet, but he’s survived. That counts for something.With a puff of his lips, he moves up in one more burst, intent on going over one last small, strange structure -- a home, perhaps, windows and doors sealed tight. He will see this world, and, if he sees so fit, claim it. It is, he thinks, if nothing else, his right by station. -- “Wow,” Alexandra says quietly, right through the open window, because it is a weirdo. Or maybe an alien.A pale face with a delicate halo of black hair draws up to her window. He—she thinks it’s a boy, even though he’s really pretty—looks startled to see her. She doesn’t know why. It’s her house.“Are you an alien?” Alexandra whispers, and the alien wrinkles its nose.“Child,” it—he, she thinks, with a deep voice, too— “I know not of what you speak.”“An alien,” Alexandra repeats, frowning again. “You know. From space. You talk funny. You talk like someone outta the TV.”Only the alien’s looking at her like she’s an alien. “I have found Midgard?”“No,” Alexandra says gently. Poor, lost alien. “This is New Jersey.” -- Whatever this New Jersey is, he doesn’t think it was what he was looking for. He can’t quite remember what it was he was seeking out, but he feels like he’s in the right
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Canon
Time Travel
Magic
Angst with a Happy Ending
Or Happiness With An Angsty Ending
Depending On Whose Side You're On

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

