Chapter 1: cuddling (naked)
    




Chapter Text
Loki frowned when he opened the door, just slightly, but it was enough to make Steve feel powerfully self conscious about his slightly bedraggled appearance. “The rain started suddenly,” he blurted out. “and I didn’t bring an umbrella, but it didn’t seem like that far to walk back…I can go change.”
His mouth did that little twitch that suggested he was trying not to be amused. Or at least trying not to show it. “No need, Captain. Come in.” He stepped back and held the door open. Steve stepped inside, and Loki caught his face and drew him into a light kiss that he pulled away from before Steve was quite ready for him to go.
He plucked at Steve’s wet shirt with two fingers. “This can’t be very comfortable.” 
"It’s a little…"
"Take it off," Loki said, not quite imperiously. "I’m going to go fetch a blanket." 
"I don’t have any other," Steve started to object, and then caught the raised eyebrow look Loki gave him and flushed a little. "I’m not really that cold," he added, a touch feebly. 
"Nonsense," Loki said. "Besides, I will not have your wet clothing on my furniture." Loki gave him a long look, and then took a step closer and added, "Besides…can’t I just want to feel your skin pressed against mine everywhere we touch, under my hands, my mouth…" 
Steve could feel his face heat up. “Hm,” he said, eloquently, and then pulled himself together, met Loki’s eyes almost stubbornly, and reached for the buttons of his overshirt. Loki’s mouth turned up at one corner. 
"I shall return shortly," he murmured, and turned to stride off toward the bedroom. Steve peeled off his wet shirts and hung them over the chairs in the kitchenette, and Loki came back with an armful of blankets just as he was about to start on his pants. Loki dropped the blankets on the couch, and sat down on the arm, innocent gaze on Steve. He paused. 
"What?" 
"Just watching," Loki said, with a slightly toothy smile, but not one of the nasty ones. Steve felt a pleasant little tingle down his spine and pushed his khakis off, hanging those up too. He could almost feel Loki looking him over with that expression that was…positively indecent. Sure enough, when he turned around…
"Come here," Loki murmured, and Steve went over gladly. Loki’s hands skimmed over his sides and found the waistband of his boxers. "I said I wanted to feel you everywhere," he said. 
Steve swallowed. “—seems a bit unfair you’re still…”
Loki slipped his thumbs into the waistband and tugged, just a little. “You see to these and get on the couch.” He paused, and then gave Steve an arch look. “Feel free to watch.” 
Steve felt a little like he ought to be embarrassed, but wasn’t, really. Loki stood from the arm of the couch, and Steve only paused a moment before pulling his boxers off too, trying not to feel self-conscious. The army might have drilled most of the modesty out of him, but outside of that environment…this was different, somehow. He spread the blanket over the couch and crawled under it to watch Loki undress. 
How he managed to do it was a mystery to Steve, but somehow he managed to make the simple act of stripping out of his clothing look graceful, beautiful. And he couldn’t pretend he didn’t like looking at him. By the way Loki smirked at him, he knew it, too. 
Fully naked, Loki padded - perfectly unselfconscious - to the couch, and slid under the blanket, tucking his feet up onto the couch and leaning slightly into Steve’s shoulder. Steve wrapped his arm around Loki’s shoulders along with the blanket. 
Loki’s skin against his was cool as ever, the line of him cool along Steve’s side. Loki ‘hmm’ed quietly, and then shifted, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and pulling him down. Steve followed obediently, shifting his limbs so they could both lie stretched out on the couch, Loki’s leg sliding between his without any real intent, just twining them together. 
Loki’s hand drifted up and combed through his still damp hair. Steve dropped his head down and kissed Loki’s bare shoulder lightly, let his tongue flick out so he could catch that faint tingling electricity. The soft, pleased noise Loki made made Steve smile, his other arm coming up to wrap around Steve’s waist.
It did feel good, being pressed together like this, Steve thought. Even if his body responded to it, just this was nice. 
"You smell like rain," Loki murmured, into his shoulder. A pause, and then he added, "Rain and grass." 
"Is that a good thing?" 
"Mm. Yes." Loki’s voice was muffled where his face was pressed against the crook of Steve’s neck. He shifted again, his leg folding over Steve’s like he could twist them even closer. 
He’d noticed, since they’d started this, how much Loki liked just to be touched. He wasn’t quick to encourage it, and even less so to ask for it, but the way he responded even just to Steve brushing a hand across his back or giving his shoulder a squeeze…and now this. Steve filed it away, a thing to remember. He could hear the rain o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Naked Cuddling
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Boys Kissing
Masturbation
Oral Sex
Clothed Sex
Dressed/Naked Sex
Telepathy
Dirty Talk
Verbal Sex
Wall Sex
Doggy Style
Light Dom/sub
Anal Fingering
Rimming
69 (Sex Position)
Emotion Porn
Public Sex
Floor Sex
Morning Sex
Morning After
Outdoor Sex
Voice Kink
Shower Sex
Desk Sex
First Time Topping
Loki Has Issues
Body Dysphoria
Wax Play
Genderplay
in the most literal way
Dream Sex
Rough Sex
Painplay
Self Confidence Issues
Established Relationship
Developing Relationship
Roleplay
Food Sex
Light Bondage
playing with this relationship through porn
Porn
with some plot
Complicated Relationships
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

