Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Then



(10 years ago)


You’re not boring. You don’t care what anyone says. You’re cool and exciting and spontaneous! If you weren’t, then why would you be at this party? You could be at home, cuddled up in a blanket, watching a movie. You could, and even though that sounds amazing, you’re not.
You could’ve bailed once you saw Bucky, the star of every single one of your fantasies. The boy that you’ve never talked to even though you two have the same best friend and a class together. You could’ve bailed, but you didn’t.
You’re not boring. You’re brave.
And, oh my God, he’s looking at you. No, no, he’s coming over. Be cool. Be cool.
“So,” Bucky says, leaning his back against the same wall you’re holding up. “I think we’re the only two people at this party that aren’t completely shit-faced.” He taps the water bottle in your hand. “Are you someone’s DD or something?”
“No,” you reply. “I’m just –“ boring “—not a heavy drinker.”
“Same here,” he says, taking a drink of his own water.
You watch him, the long line of his throat, the sharp angle of his jaw. He’s – God, he’s even beautiful in profile. You can’t stand it. And when he pulls the bottle back, his pink lips are wet, shining. You could die.
You have to clear your throat before you even try to speak again.
“You’re Steve’s friend, right?” you say, going for casual. Nailing it.
You know he is. You know. You’ve seen them together plenty of times. Walked the other way when you’ve seen them heading towards you on campus. You know, but he doesn’t have to know that you know.
“I’ve seen you around,” you add. “I think you’re in my poli-sci class.”
“I –“ he stops and looks down, a little bashful. Your heart skips a beat. “Yeah, I am in your poli-sci class. I sit about three rows behind you, to the right.”
“Do you have everyone’s seats memorized?” you ask, and you can’t help but smile.
Bucky turns toward you, shoulder pressed against the wall, head tilted and leaning against it too. He’s so tall and he’s so close and he’s looking down at you, baby blue eyes crinkling at the corners as he gives you a little smirk.
“Nope,” he says, “just yours.”
“That is so weird,” you say, more of a tease than a chide.
You have to take a drink of your water to keep from smiling too big. You try your best to hide your goofy grin without choking, and you manage, but your face grows hot when you notice that he’s watching you.
“I know,” he says after a beat. “I can’t help it, though. You are… absolutely beautiful. And I’ve been trying to think of some way to talk to you all semester.”
Your breath catches and your heart starts pounding so hard that you swear Bucky can hear it from where he’s standing. But you don’t care because he’s looking down at his feet now, all shy and adorable, and you realize that, in some miraculous way, he’s just as nervous as you are.
“Oh, I’m Bucky,” he adds, peeking back up at you through his lashes. “I guess I should’ve led with that, huh?”
Yeah, Bucky, the star of your dirtiest dreams. The boy with the beautiful blue eyes and beautiful pink lips and the cleft in his chin and slightly crooked teeth. With the big hands and gangly limbs and wild brown hair.
Bucky, who you’re gonna fuck tonight.
Because you’re not boring. And the moment is too perfect for you to pass up. So you reach out to him, fingers playing with a button on his shirt, pulling him closer by just a fraction of an inch.
“Hi, Bucky,” you say, pitching your voice low. “Do you wanna get out of here?”
His eyes go wide and his cheeks flush red. He pushes off of the wall and straightens up, standing tall. He clears his throat and then says, “Oh! Oh wow, just like that?”
“Yep,” you reply, taking his hand. “Just like that.”



Now


You never thought that you could be so bored with a dick inside of you.
Until you met Brock.
And yeah, Brock’s great. He’s handsome and smart and his family is well-off. He has a good job as an attorney at your fathers’ joint law firm, slated to make partner in less than five years. You two have been together for three and life with him is comfortable and convenient in a reassuring sort of way. Lately, though, you’ve felt a deep gnawing in the pit of your stomach.
Everything feels weird, thrown off. Like Brock is keeping something from you. Is Brock going to propose? Oh my God, is Brock going to propose?? Would you wear a white dress? Would you have vanilla cake or buttercream? Would you invite your crazy Aunt Carol who always makes a scene?
Answer: of course you would.
And that’s what you’re thinking about as Brock pumps into you. And you get what people mean when they say it’s not the size of the boat, but the motion in the ocean. Because Brock’s dick is nice but damn if he knows what to do with it.
“I like these sheets you bought,” he says, thrusting.
“Yeah, they’re so soft,” you reply.
He’s up on his palms, not even touching you. Your hands are on him, though, trying to urge him on a little harder, a little deeper. You’re stroking his chest, c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
for a good time call au
Phone Sex
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

