Chapter 1: Your Sugar
    




Chapter Text
As he attempted to open his eyes, Bucky Barnes learned three things. Number One - He should just keep his eyes closed.
Number Two - Bucky was currently resting on a cloud.
And, most importantly, number three - He was dying. That's all there was to it. He was dying. And so unfortunate too. At least he made it to his birthday. If he was dying today, at least he got to celebrate last night. Granted, the absolute throbbing behind his eyelids (made monumentally worse when opened his eyes enough that the had to suffer the bright sunlight in the room) had to prove that this was death. He would take death over this hangover, he reasoned; as he was pretty sure death was conveniently the best descriptor for how he currently felt. He shuffled deeper into the warmth of the cloud, comfortably swaddled like a newborn baby under a stack of smooth, soft blankets. As the cloud embraced him, and he gave a quickly aborted attempt to roll over and felt blankets rustle over his skin, he learned two other important little facts. Number four - he had absolutely no idea where he was.  And, taking place of number three as the most important, was number five. He was completely naked. The good thing about the hangover to rival all hangovers, meant he didn't have the energy or wherewithal to freak out. He figured that he could review the facts in order. He even decided to prove his current (and, honestly, fairly unfortunate) sobriety by reviewing them in reverse order. Number five - he was naked. The sheet over his body had to be some fancy fabric because it was all smooth and ghosted over his skin the one time he tried to move. He could probably assume his clothes were around here somewhere, right? He should look for them.  Number four - where the heck was he? You'd think the fact he was in some strange place would be more alarming than the naked bit. It wasn't. That in it of itself was surprising. Number three - Death. He supposed he should be happy that he made it to the other side of his twenty first birthday and lived to tell the tale. He wasn't actually sure that's what happened seeing as this hangover was currently trying to destroy him. If he lived to see Barton or Quill again, he was going to kill them for not warning him about this part. Sure, Bucky had drinks here or there at stupid campus house parties before, but he had been completely unprepared for the mountain climb that was his big 2-1. Number two - This cloud. His mattress at his apartment was thin and cheap. It got the job done, he figured, if part of that job was providing uncomfortable lumps in wrong places since the stuffing in it was fairly threadbare at most. He didn't have to open his eyes (which, he would never do again if it could be helped) to know that the soft, plump, fluffiness supporting his entire body was not his mattress. It wasn't his couch either, because although it was fairly comfortable for naps, it was nothing like this cloud like surface. Bucky was even fairly certain, that if his whole body hadn't felt like death, that twinge he got in his lower back from a night is his own bed might even be completely nonexistent. Number one. Shit. He had to open his eyes sometime. Double shit. He opened them slowly, letting himself squint. His head was throbbing, and it starting pounding harder as he let light in. He decided just to go for it, and opened them as slow as possible to try and acclimate to the brightness. The room was bright, it clearly faced the direction of the sun, since there was a large window on the wall opposite him. There were thick curtains pulled to each side of the window, and he desperately wished they were closed. He looked around the room he was in, trying to get his bearings straight. It was fairly generic looking, but still nice. The walls were a light mossy green and the floor was a dark hardwood. There was a caramel colored rug in the middle of the space. This cloud was actually a queen sized bed with a thick wooden head and foot board. The comforter he was snuggled under was a chocolate brown, and the sheets were a dark gray. There was minimal furniture, just the bed, a night stand, and a dresser against the far wall, but they were all the same dark wood. The whole space was minimally decorated, but it all felt very masculine. Bucky immediately liked it. There was a door on the far wall, half open, that appeared to led into a hall way, and another on the wall closest to him that was closed. His eyes focused on the night stand immediately to his bedside. Resting on the surface was a large glass of water (…on a coaster?) and two white tablets of aspirin. Bucky sat up to grab the aspirins, but stopped as his stomach ended up somewhere between upside down and right side up. He was never drinking again. "Shit," he groaned miserably as his head gingerly hit the pillow. He decided to try again and sat up as slowly as possible. His body sagged in relief as he leaned back against the headboar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Romance
Bucky Barnes Feels
Gay Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Sugar Daddy
Age Difference
Bucky is 21
Steve is 34
Explicit Consent
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Daddy Kink
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Happy Endings For Everyone
Slow Burn
but not too slow
Medium normal paced burn
Past Relationship(s)
Humor
Sassy Bucky Barnes
SugarDaddy!Steve
SugarBaby!Bucky
Spanking
Kissing
Touching
Drinking
Size Kink
Angst and Humor
But only angst for like one chapter
cheese puffs
Schmoop

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

