Work Text:
Clint Barton jerked awake and the sharp movement sent pain shooting through his abused muscles.  He’d curled up in a plastic chair that was definitely not designed for sleeping, but there was no way in hell he was leaving SHIELD medical for anything.  Not until Phil was ready to go home, anyway.  With a muffled curse, he reached up to massage the protesting muscles in his neck, his eyes still fixed on the man in the hospital bed beside him.  Phil wasn’t so pale anymore, but there was enough humming equipment and IVs sticking out of him to prove how seriously he’d been hurt.   It had been bad this time.  Maybe not as bad as getting stabbed through the chest by an alien with a frightening need to destroy everything Clint cared about, but close enough.  Phil had taken a bullet to the chest and another to the stomach while he’d tried to protect his new team and the idea that Clint hadn’t been there to do anything about it still terrified the crap out of him.
When Phil groaned softly again, Clint grinned in relief.  “Hey there, sleepy head,” he said, getting to his feet so Phil could see him without moving too much.
Phil slowly blinked open blue eyes that were still dazed from the cocktail of antibiotics and painkillers they were pumping into him and Clint couldn’t help the rush of intense relief and happiness at that familiar gaze.  Phil had had one too many brushes with death lately and they were definitely going to have a conversation about that as soon as Phil was weaned off the morphine.
“Hellooo,” Phil rasped, his voice sounding rough and scratchy.
Fighting another grin, Clint reached for the cup of water by the bed and carefully helped Phil drink a few mouthfuls to wet his throat.  “How are you feeling?” Clint asked him when he’d put the cup back on the table beside the bed.
Phil screwed up his entire face.  “Sore,” he complained.  “It hurts.”
“I know it does, baby,” Clint said, his hand reaching out of its own accord.  He slid his fingers lightly into Phil’s hair and stroked his thumb over Phil’s temple.
“Mmm,” Phil slurred, curling slightly into the touch.  “Tha’s nice.”
Phil blinked up at him, his eyes finding Clint’s and seeming to get lost there for a moment, his gaze soft and endearingly adorable in a way he never was unless he was drugged up to his eyeballs on the good stuff.  Clint didn’t mind, but it did make moments like this a little more humorous than they otherwise would be.  “Did the doctor send you?” Phil asked after a moment, wrinkling his nose faintly in confusion.  “Are you my nurse?”
Clint felt both his eyebrows rise.  The doctor had warned him that Phil would be a little out of it when he woke up, but Clint hadn’t expected Phil to completely forget him.  Ignoring the pang of fear, Clint reminded himself that there had been nothing weird about Phil’s most recent mission and that his confusion was probably just all the drugs he was being fed.
Phil’s eyes fell to Clint’s biceps and lingered there, before he lifted his eyes to Clint’s face.  From the way his lips curled into a small, but devious smirk, Phil probably thought he was being subtle about it too.  “You’re pretty,” Phil said, still a little dazed.  “Hot.  Like an angel.  Or a movie star.”  He trailed off as his eyes slid shut again, before he forced them open again a second later.  “Wait, no.  I don’t want to sleep.”
“It’s okay, Phil,” Clint said quietly, still stroking Phil’s temple.  “I’m sure everything will be clearer when you wake up again.”
Phil frowned.  Clint expected an argument, because he knew how stubborn Phil was on a good day, but Phil just stared up at him again.  “What’s your name?” he said.
Arching an eyebrow, Clint reminded himself this was the drugs talking.  “My name is Clint,” he replied.
“Are you my friend?” Phil asked, tilting his head a little, studying Clint.
Clint wasn’t entirely sure how to answer that.  Reaching down, he caught Phil’s hand and tangled their fingers together.  Absently, Clint stroked his thumb along the warm metal of Phil’s wedding ring to remind himself it was still there.  “You really don’t remember, do you?” he said.
Phil crinkled his entire face again.  “Remember what?”
Clint laughed softly.  He couldn’t help it.  “Phil,” he said leaning down a little.  “We’re married.  I’m your husband.”
Phil’s eyes went wide.  “You’re my husband?” he said, before a slow and incredibly happy smile widened across his face.  “My husband.  My husband?”
Ignoring the way his breath caught in his throat at the way Phil’s eyes lit up, Clint nodded.  “I am,” he agreed.
“Really?” Phil breathed and Clint knew it was probably mostly his imagination, but he could have sworn in that moment he watched Phil fall in love with him all over again.  “I have no idea what it was that I did to get you to marry me, but it must have been good.”  Phil’s eyebrows furrowed.  “You’re going to have to remind me what that was,” he said very seriously, “because I need to do it again.  And again.”
Helplessly, Clint laug
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Fluff
Sickening adorable fluff
Phil is in medical and on the good stuff
SHIELD Husbands
Sweet adorable moment
no plot here
amnesia due to being high on painkillers

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

