Work Text:

One.
The first time someone hit Steve, he was in the first grade. He didn't see the punch coming; part because he hadn't expected the other boy to escalate to violence so quickly and part because he had been too slow to move away.Steve tasted warm copper as he found himself lying on the ground, his nose burning and eyes watering but hands held high to protect his face. He stayed down for a long time, the blood and tears drying and crusting on his face, pulling tight against his skin when he grimaced as he shifted into a seated position.Staring down at his still open hands, Steve closed them one finger at a time until tight fists formed like rocks. Then he opened them, watching his hand reveal themselves as fingers unfurled like a blossoming flower. He repeated this strange exercise; opening and closing, releasing and tightening, defensive and offensive. Opposites. Mutually exclusive. One or the other.There was a sharp difference between standing tall or staying down.Steve was tired of lying on the ground and watching bigger and meaner and richer and smarter boys cast condescending glares from above. He was good and kind, his mother said so. The bullies attacked him because they were jealous of what he had, what they lacked. Bad people did not, should not, get to stand tall. Steve wanted knock them down. They weren't better than him just because they threw the first punch and ran away, like cowards, before the fight could be made fair."Did you have something against running away?"
"You start running they'll never let you stop."When Bucky found him, Steve's hands were clenched into fists and they remained that way even as his friend pulled him to his feet. He felt a surge of gratefulness for his only friend. "Doing okay there?" Bucky's hand gripped Steve's arm, even though the smaller boy was standing relatively steadily on his own."Yeah." Steve grinned then scowled when it irritated his tender nose. "Thanks for having my back, Buck."Bucky smiled, indulgent and exasperated. "The ground had your back, punk."Steve laughed despite the throb in his face. Bucky was a good person and a true friend. Steve hoped he could repay Bucky for being there for him, somehow, someday.First, though, Steve needed to get better at defending himself against bullies. He knew he wasn't strong enough to block a blow or fast enough to dodge a hit, so his only defense was to go on the offense.
Steve needed to strike first.
 
Two.
Steve emerged from the painful and experimental procedure taller, stronger, and inarguably better; but a part of him still felt small, weak, and less than those around him. Those feelings, though negative, provided some semblance of comfort and grounded him in his new body.After all the training in boot camp to push his body to and beyond its limits, [when for weeks he was told to do everything and anything as hard as he could, it seemed counter-intuitive that now Steve would need to learn control. Though he supposed it did make some sense for him to learn, or rather relearn, the way his body moved. His previous technique when confronting bullies had simply been to thrash around as wildly as possible before he was knocked out. Now, he could see the swings and kicks coming his way and dodge them with an unfamiliar ease. Having always been the smallest and weakest, Steve was both invigorated by and unused to his newfound strength and dexterity. During his first rehearsal as Captain America, Steve shattered the cheekbone of the unfortunate actor playing Hitler. After that, he listened to the director about miming his punches instead of merely pulling them.Steve thirsted, hungered, and craved for battle. The need to prove himself coursed through him along with the serum, growing stronger with each show. He felt like a fake. The sensation was foreign and shameful because Steve had always been true to himself regardless of his size. It would be unpatriotic of him to say that he was too good for the job he had been given, but he knew he could do so much more.With this conviction in mind, Steve did not hesitate to disobey his orders when he heard about Bucky's capture and presumed death. It was time for Steve to carve out his own path, with his shield and fists. It was time for Steve to pay the debt he owed to Bucky and prove that he was Captain America. The fight inside the HYDRA fortress was easier than Steve anticipated. Letting go of his control was the key to defeating the enemy forces. Instinct and determination fueled every throw, punch and kick. Every blow carried the full weight of his might and every strike ensured the recipient stayed down. It was exhilarating, the same soaring feeling as when he first tackled a bully.Schmidt, or Red Skull as it was the more fitting moniker, jarred Steve out of his surefooted stance as Captain America. The shock of Red Skull's punch landing was greater than the impact of the actual attack. Steve had gotten used to landing the first punch and never needing a secon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Confrontations
Broken Team Dynamics
Pro-Accords
Wakanda
5+1

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

