Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki Laufeyson was many things, a thief, a prince, a king.
But for now, settled on the floor of an abandoned building far from civilization, he was simply tired.
He was exhausted of running, pausing for however long until the vicious fangs of whomever snapped at his backside and left him fleeing once more.
It was here in the abandoned building, nestled deep in the rolling hills and sparse forests did he find refuge, even if temporary.
The room smelled of clay and soil, pressed between the floorboards until they too became part of the wood itself. The walls were shrouded with the dimly glow of twilights, illuminating white with speckles of orange and sun fire.
Loki’s bones ached and his Seidr churned deep in his core. The clasps of his armor and mail pressed against his skin, searing his flesh from the longing flames of Surtur's aggression. Hours past, his metal still burned hotly against his flushed and fevered skin.
Hiding on Midgard, however unsettling and insulting it was, would delay the pursuit to flay the skin from his limbs.
He sent his Seidr out, clicking through the air itself to determine if any fool or warrior had followed his dives between the curtains of reality.
Sensing none except the feeble light of a wayward hound, he permitted his body to relax against the bleak wall of the Midgardian residence.
It would suit him for a temporary hide until he recovered his strength and could continue on as the tempting hare before the glassy eyed mutt.
 
The sorcerer awoke to the foreboding snort of a mindless creature dangerously close.
If Loki had hidden on any other realm, countless creatures would prove dangerous.
Awaking on Midgard to the sight of a haggard canine staring at him happily only personified his disdain and fall from grace.
“Be gone!” He hissed sourly, raising his hand in threat. The creature flinched, lowering its head to sniffle against the aged floorboards.
Loki’s lip curled, eying the wretched flea bitten mutt as little more than the filth it wore.
The dog let out a small whine, displeased and longing for comfort.
It had dark eyes, deep and rich like the finest pastries Asgard once offered him.
Loki’s Seidr hummed under his skin, warming his chilled flesh and teasing the air around him. He rose, movement graceful as the dog lowered itself to crawl across on its belly.
It whimpered once again, face matted with mud as sunlight shone on its aged muzzle and yellowed teeth.
“Pathetic,” Loki sneered, twisting the air itself to slide between the velvet curtains into the darkened pathways none walked but he.
 
Loki returned to the same house in the middle of open land and sparse trees, expecting his arrival to be silent and unknown.
He started in partial surprise and obvious revulsion. He took two steps backwards, his dragon hide boots sounding on the floor.
The dog looked up from where it rested its aged chin on weathered paws. Its nails broken and misshapen, pads cracked and bleeding.
Its tail thumped on the floor, only faintly discernible by starlight.
“Why?” Loki growled out, eyes sharp and hands trembling in the air, “Why are you still here?”
The dog didn’t rise to its feet, although it watched contently as if Loki’s appearance had fulfilled all its desires.
The dog was a fool, if it could find such pleasure in the appearance of one unknown. For all it knew, Loki’s biting words would be mirrored with a wicked hit, a retort or cruel smile emphasized by jabs and wounds.
It had been nearly a fortnight, near an entire cycle of the Midgardian moon and yet the creature waited in the only room where Loki had been. Its paws worn from wandering and returning with hopes to see Loki once more.
How far had it walked, only to return here? How long would it have waited to see Loki once more, even if he was only to grant it abuse and anger?
How did it yearn for affection and warming touch?
Loki’s lip curled and he walked into the room, observing the dog on the floor considering.
He rolled his jaw, sliding his tongue behind his teeth as words were forged through fire and silver itself.
“Why are you here?” He spoke, hearing the hiss of the smelter burning and something new from nothing.
The dog’s head jolted upwards, tilting obscenely to the side as it puzzled over the new information.
“You back,” It chuffed, opening its mouth in a friendly grin, revealing a rotten tooth and soured breath. “I waited.”
Loki’s nostrils flared, his silver tongue worked once more to craft language to those without, “You had no notion of when I would return.”
The dog blinked contently, “I always wait for friend come back.”
Loki felt aggression and envy rear and taint his mind sourly, “And when they don’t?”
The dog lowered its head on its paws, “I hope. Wait for you.”
“What,” Loki laughed, the sound was biting in the silence of the night, “Your previous master grew ill of your misguided loyalty?”
“No,” The dog was patient, “They sleep. I wait for you now.”
Loki scowled, “Then I shall return far past y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Many Animals
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Aunt Tasha - Relationship

freeform: 
Loki Feels
Loki-centric
Loki Redemption
Loki adopts a lot of animals
as in
Loki runs a farm
Team Dynamics
Misunderstandings
Leave Loki Alone
Loki Angst
Past Sigyn
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Mentioned Fenrir
Mentioned Jormungandr
Loki's Children - Freeform
Loki has a lot of dogs
Animal Abuse
Carl the snake
Franco the Alpaca
Loki Grieving
Loki Has Issues
Clint Barton's Farm
Clint and Laura Barton's Family
Thor and Loki childhood
Aunt Tasha
Aunt Natasha Romanov
Clint's family
Clint is a good dad
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship

fandom: 
Loki & Many Animals
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Aunt Tasha - Relationship

