Work Text:
"How much do you love me?"
 
The question came out of nowhere while the pair of subs sat wrapped around each other on the rec room sofa. On one of Tony's rare days off, they'd opted to spend the entire day catching Bucky up on the time he missed out on. Today, they were going through the major movie releases through the decades and were just finishing up the 80’s when Tony asked his question.
 
"What?" was the only response Bucky could give back because such a question was loaded with so many questions and answers and ramifications for those answers that Bucky was hesitant to touch it with a ten-foot pole. Tony squirmed around in his arms so that they could lie face-to-face instead of back-to-back as they had been doing. There was a mischievous, mysterious grin on Tony's lips which let Bucky know the question wasn't all that serious.
 
"You see, there's something I need to tell you, and I'm trying to come up with a benchmark figure to gauge your response. So on a scale of toe lint to my blowjobs, how much do you love me?" Bucky frowned.
 
"That isn't a real scale. How am I supposed to give an answer using that?" Tony rolled his eyes.
 
"Fine. One to ten then if you want to be boring." And it would have been so easy to give a ten, but if Bucky were to be well and truly honest, while he was inordinately fond of the brat, his love for Steve was a ten, and his love for Tony just wasn't quite there yet.
 
"Well, if you give me a blowjob now, you'd definitely be getting a twenty." Tony's grin was still wide, but it had taken on a softer character as Bucky sidestepped answering the question.
 
"Jocks," he only scoffed as he rolled his eyes, choosing not to call Bucky out on his evasion. "You never seem to grasp the concepts of a variables and constants and not tainting the results." Then he grinned and let the question pass. "I'm going to give you something, and if that something doesn't make you want to fall to your knees and profess your undying love to me, I'm going to take it back."  The older sub frowned. 
 
"Does it explode?" His voice had taken on a distinctly concerned tone that was more often heard in Steve's voice when he asked that question. A while back, Bucky had thought Steve was only being his usual mother-hen self, but then one day, he'd been around when Tony accidentally did make something explode (or, well, Tony said it was an accident anyway). It wasn't pretty, and it wasn't something Bucky was inclined to repeat. He then understood Steve's concern and, frankly, shared it. 
 
Tony laughed long and hysterically and answered by applying his lips to Bucky's, which only made Bucky's concern all the more justified. The brat had always been a little too amused and enamored by explosions that normal people would consider dangerous.
 
"Where would be the fun if it didn't?" Tony asked cheekily.
 
"Tony," Bucky warned. Tony kissed him again through another laugh.
 
"Kidding!" he backtracked. "I promise it won't explode accidentally." The wording was odd and suspicious, and the wink put him on edge, but Bucky let it be for now.
 
"Okay, so let me have it," he said. Tony's face filled with glee.
 
"I will, but first you have to promise me three things." Bucky's concern turned into apprehension, but he decided to hear the conditions before passing judgment. 
 
"What?"
 
"One, you're going to tell everyone for the rest of your life that it is the best present you've ever received." Tony poked his chest. "Ever."
 
"I don't think anything can trump Steve's 'gift' to me my first birthday that I was his sub," the ex-soldier pointed out with an eyebrow waggle at 'gift.' Tony narrowed his own eyes and gave him a stern glare. 
 
"Ever, Barnes. Ever." Bucky snorted and shook his head in fond exasperation. 
 
"Okay, fine... Next?"
 
"Two, you're going to pledge your allegiance and undying devotion to me." One eyebrow flew up to his hairline. 
 
"I think by virtue of our fucking each other, that's already a given," he pointed out. Tony shook his head. 
 
"What I mean is that I have your unquestionable support in every idea that I have. You will help me out as necessary and cover for me if shit hits the fan. It means you won't be standing at Steve's side doing the... the eyebrows thing—" Bucky had to muffle a laugh and mouth "eyebrows thing?!" to himself. "—when I make something explode." 
 
"Well, that I'm going to have to contest," he said. "If it puts anyone in unnecessary danger, I'll be standing beside Steve, doing more than the eyebrows thing to you." Tony frowned in thought. 
 
"Okay. No unnecessary danger," he nodded. Bucky couldn't help and kiss his forehead.
 
"And three?" Tony rolled on top of him, the sudden gleam in his eye as unmistakable as the rock hard erection digging into Bucky's thigh.
 
"And three.” His voice was pitched low and seductive. Bucky would have signed away his soul at the sound of it, much less agree to Tony's terms. “You're going to fuck me while wearing it at the soonest avai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Dom/sub
sub on sub

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

