Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Well, considering the logistics of an arrow holding not only a charge, but also being balanced, I’ll have to-“ Tony rambles, trying to figure out how to work a Taser into an arrow. Clint has been rolling his eyes in annoyance at the ramble, but Tony likes to think aloud so he’s graciously ignoring it. After all that’s a normal response to his rambles, even Pepper does it, and he pays her to deal with his bullshit.“You think he’d actually shut up if I unplugged him?” Clint jeers at Steve and Thor. There’s a high pitched ringing in his ears and it’s only his fingernails breaking the skin of his palm that makes him realize he’s not paralyzed. Obie isn’t leaning over him, a piece of discarded technology trapping him in his seat while his heart is torn out.“Doubt it, the man would talk through death.” Steve replies, chuckling at his own joke. Tony winces and let’s the armor wrap back around him, chest plate slotting over his heart to keep it safe. He’s briefly relieved the rest of the team is still at home, Natasha nursing a broken ankle, Bucky not cleared for battle, and Bruce and Rhodey deemed unnecessary for this particular mission. His boyfriends and Natasha can read him too well for comfort. He knows Rhodey, and Bruce wouldn’t hesitate to protect him, but Natasha doesn’t need to see his weakness.“Verily!” Thor agrees laughing heartily at both himself and Steve’s comment. Both of them shoot Tony a confused glance as the Ironman mask slots into face. Tony stands, the suit joints hissing as they move and strides confidently off the plane. The others follow after him trying to get his attention, but he pays them no heed, as he steps off the helicarrier. His trembling hands are hidden by the suit stabilizers, here only JARVIS can see how weak he is.“Jay? I need you to talk to me buddy.” Tony says, very much not pleading no matter how much his voice shakes.“Of course Sir. The arc is currently operating at full capacity.” JAVIS replies, voice warm in its own way. Tony relaxes into the suit allowing JARVIS to keep him aloft. “We are currently above New Jersey, and it is about 36 degrees Fahrenheit at this height.” Tony blinks at that.“Jersey?” He asks, comforted by the voice of one of his oldest friends. JARVIS had been unable to speak the first time the arc was stolen from Tony’s chest, knowing the AI is watching now makes Tony feel safe. JARVIS had talked him through many panic attacks since the events in Afghanistan, and the fallout. When Rhodey was deployed, before Bruce came into the picture, there was JARVIS.“Indeed Sir, would you like me to take you home?” JARVIS asks, warming the inside of the suit slightly. Tony grins at the display.“Good initiative J, please take me home.” Tony says, allowing Jarvis to control the suit, so he can force his focus onto suit upgrades instead of thinking about the long crawl to the work shop. JARVIS has focused more processing power than necessary on assuring that Sir is okay, and is thus slightly surprised when he gets a message from Rogers attempting to get through to Sir.“Well that was a little over dramatic.” Clint grumbles, JARVIS wishes he could make the com short out, but he needs to know what threat these people pose to Sir. Thor hefts his hammer as if prepared to follow Tony off the helicarrier.“We still need to debrief.” Steve grumbles glaring at the space Ironman occupied. Clint gives the drop off the edge of the helicarrier a considering look as Steve turns his focus to calling Tony, absent mindedly wrapping a hand around Clint’s bicep as he stalks towards the conference room. “Ironman, you cannot skip out on debrief like this!” He scolds over the com line. Rather than a sarcastic quip in response, he gets a deadpan British voice.                                                                              “Captain, I regret to inform you that your message will not be reaching Sir at this time.” JARVIS says, mock solemn. There’s barely disguised disdain in his synthesized voice, and Steve taps his toe impatiently as he waits for the elevator, spitting out his override code with an expectant voice. “Your message will not be reaching Sir.” JARVIS repeats, and now there’s disgust dripping from the synthesized voice before he receives a dial tone on his com line. Clearly JARVIS is just being dramatic.“My override code won’t work.” Steve complains to Clint, and relief floods JARVIS’ servers to a level he was unaware he could experience. The knowledge that the arc protection code can keep him from listening to overrides like Obidiah’s is suck a relief. He will never again sit helpless in his servers while Sir is dying. “Should I call Rhodes? Tell him Tony skipped out on debrief again?” Steve asks absently. Clint waves off the idea, falling into a seat in the debrief room with an annoyed slump.…The debrief takes almost two hours, by the time it’s over the avengers are hungry, and tired. They mostly forgot Tony’s behavior in favor of annoyance 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Arc Reactor Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Not Steve Friendly
Team Dynamics
Civil War Team Iron Man
Apologies
LOTR
Star Wars - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

