Work Text:
 
Erik prides himself on being the best. In all his years as a thief, working his way from dirty street corners, spare change and picked pockets, to scaling high-rises in the dead of night and slipping in and out of windows unseen and silent a shadow, he’s always considered himself elite. Untouchable. Never once has he been caught. Never has he faltered, or left a job without his prize. His name is spoken with reverence in the most secret circles of the underground, a King amongst criminals. The police know him only as ‘The Shadow.” There is no image for their files, no fingerprints, only a whispered suggestion and a missing jewel, an empty safe to prove he was ever there.Erik is the best of the best. Which doesn’t explain why he’s currently lying on the plush-carpeted penthouse floor of the man he’s suppose to be robbing, a lump on his skull and stars dancing a merry circle around his head.It had started off so well. He had navigated the security guard and the so-called "high tech" alarm system will little to no effort at all. The penthouse suite was exactly as advertised in the blueprints, and the Cezanne came out of its frame and into the plastic, protective cylinder smooth, like butter. A flawless job, really. At least until he tries to make his getaway through the bedroom. The bedroom was supposed to be empty. The entire apartment was suppose to be empty, but when he passes the massive king-size bed as he moves toward the window and freedom on mute footsteps, something catches his eye from amidst the silk sheets; a flash of white catching the moonlight as it slips through a crack in the heavy damask curtains.When he glances over he expects to see the sheets turned down, or a pillow askew, the light colour of fine linen standing out against the darkness of the room. What he sees instead in a man sprawled across the bed, asleep, and entirely nude.The man is all perfect creamy skin and dark hair, sprawled on his stomach, his arms tucked beneath his pillow like a child. Erik’s eyes snag on the smooth arrow of his spine, and the way the muscles of his shoulders and arms stand in sharp relief, flexed and tucked beneath his head. His ass is a perfect curve, lush and round and seemingly on display and Erik wants to devour him. Wants to cover every inch of his body and bite that pert backside and lick the dimples in the small of his back. The man sighs in his sleep and Erik is paralyzed, is unable to move as the man rubs his face against his pillow and arches like a cat, turns slowly over onto his back, one arm still tucked under his pillow, the other slung across the subtle curve of his waist where his body flows into sharp hipbones. His face is as lovely as his body, though cast in shadow, his chest broad, his nipples small and hard in the cool night air. Unwilling and completely mesmerized, Erik’s eyes drift to his cock, lying heavy against one thick thigh, down to the strangely graceful feet moving restlessly against the sheets.When Erik looks back at the man’s face, his eyes are open and he’s staring directly at Erik who remains frozen in midstride on his way to the window, a 250 million dollar painting slung across his back.“Oh,” the man says softly, and the sound of his voice in the silence of the room is shocking, and sparks through Erik like an explosion, like dynamite. He startles and steps abruptly to the side, turns at a sharp right angle and collides with the tall marble pillar that frames the right side of the window.And promptly knocks himself unconscious.
***When he comes to, the man is crouched next to him on the floor, a tiny pair of black boxers concealing what is left of his modesty. Erik isn’t sure whether he’s disappointed or relieved. A lamp has been lit on the far side of the room, and the man’s face hovers above him in soft focus. He has eyes that are ridiculously blue even in the low light of the room, and a full bottom lip that he sucks into his mouth in a way he doesn’t seem to realize is completely distracting.With an abrupt movement, the man clomps something hard and cold over his head.“Ow!” Erik shouts, indignant. The man rolls his eyes and keeps his hand firmly on the ice pack, holding it tightly against the lump on Erik’s head.“Excuse me for not tenderly nursing the man who is robbing me back to health.”He has a British accent that rasps around the contours of his mouth, still scratched from disuse in the early morning hour. “You’re not Warren Worthington,” Erik says, unintelligibly and cringes. He’s not sure what happened to the smooth conman, the effortless art thief from before, 'the Shadow' that escaped the police time and again. He feels small and childlike lying on the carpet of this penthouse suite, a bump on the head and a beautiful man playing nursemaid kneeling at his side.The man smiles, begrudgingly,“No, I most assuredly am not.” Erik slowly sits up and takes the ice pack from the man, presses it against his head and swallows down a swell of nausea as the r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
erik is an art thief
Smitten Erik
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

