Work Text:
Growing up had been a rather strange and indefinitely frustrating experience for Loki.  Being among the Frost Giants of Jotunheim had led him to accept certain expectations both from his people and himself.  Traits of power, bodies of rippling muscles, broad shoulders and mile-long legs were as common amongst the male giants as coarse braided hair and rounded and buoyant bosoms were to the females. As a young frostling, Loki had looked upon his older brothers and his father with great pride and awe at their size and strength, secretly hoping himself one day that he would walk with such demand for respect.  But, at the time, traipsing in his cloth and fur loins with his father’s helmet sagging over his eyes would have to do.  And every time he tripped due to poor sight or his small feet catching the knotted furs from slain Bildshnipe, his mother—with her soft hands and uncharacteristically silky hair—would scoop him up and kiss his knees and belly.When he reached the cusp of young adolescence and he did not begin to sprout like some of his other frost mates, Loki knew that he was different.  Boys he’d played and fought with now towered twice his height, and could much more easily knock him down during rough play (though, as Loki quickly became fond of, the young Jotun prince was much more adept at hiding and sneaking through small spaces than his friendly counterparts).Another wavering difference between Loki and his friends was that, as they went off to begin their training into warriors and men, Loki could hardly heft a shielded bracer, let alone swing a sword fit for young boys.  Though this was entirely discouraging to his young princely heart, not all hope abandoned him; a spark of delight seared his soul when one day out of grief and anxiety, during a fit of tears, Loki caused the practice dummies in the training court to explode into ice.  From then, his soft and warm mother brought him books and small toys with which to practice his magical craft.Of course this meant that he oft spent his days studying and practicing in a small compound with his mother, his friends and brothers off sparring and learning to hunt and survive with combative skills.  It was lonely, and more than once had Loki threatened to give up and run away out of shame and embarrassment for not being the great and strong warrior that his father was.  But his mother was kind and his mother’s voice was soft, and it only took Laufey one day of overhearing Loki’s worries to carry his son high and proud and restore faith in his frostling prince’s heart.When young adolescence blurred into development, Loki again suffered another separating trait from his kin.  The male frost giants sprouted anther dozen feet while Loki could only manage a rare couple, undeniably marking him the runt of the Jotun race.  He only stood at six feet tall—taller than an average Midgardian, but nothing close to that of his people.  Where his friends and most of his family were talented in combat, hunting and survival, Loki had quickly developed powers of manipulation, elemental mastery, and illusions. And where most male frost giants became burly with age and training, shoulders broad and muscles defined, skin made of coarse sapphire with their markings etched deep, Loki was toned and lithe, with soft blue skin and shallow marks, and the cunt he’d spent years ignoring as equally as his cock began to moisten with heat.The first time it happened, Loki confined himself to his room, using a mirror he’d conjured to examine and even admire—though only a little—his dual sexes.  Long ago he’d asked his mother why he had both when he knew he should have only had one.  And she’d explained it as simply as she could then—that he was special, and that his body was not strange or abnormal, for due to his magical heritage and the suppressed Jotun traits he had, his anatomy had adapted to suit both organs.  She’d promised him that, when he became old enough, he would be able to understand his body better.The second time his cunt grew hot and wet, he’d teased it, wondering if by wiping out the juices that collected along his folds the strange and unsatisfied sensation would go away.  But he’d only succeeded in increasing the wetness, and left himself gasping into his pillow, his cock hard and desperate for a stroke as his palms collected cool, white liquid.The only saving grace from embarrassment and shame was his mother’s unyielding voice in his mind, reassuring him of his specialty and normality.  Though Loki knew he was not entirely meant to embrace magic and have both a penis and a vagina, his mother had always believed in him and made him feel safe, and he would have been damned to start hating himself for that which he could not control.Loki grew older though not much taller; his skills in magic and his silver-tongued speech developed fluidly, and though he would often steal himself away to tease and touch himself whenever the heat became immense, he would never r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Jotun!Loki
Intersex!Loki
Interse
Multiple Orgasms
Rough Se
Oral Sex
Fingering
Teasing
Large Breasts
Explicit Sexual Content
mentioned mpreg
Jotuns in heat
Asgardian "punishment"
In which Thor traipses into the wrong realm at precisely the right time
And in which Thor likes to suckle on tender Jotun tits
lokis-gspot
batskulls

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

