Work Text:
On the walk to the quinjet, Fury presses a pair of syrettes into Steve's hand. Steve looks at them and then back up at Fury. "Morphine, sir?""Not exactly. One should knock him out without killing him, and keep him out until you get him back to a holding cell. If he wakes up," Fury pauses ominously, but then, he does most things ominously and Steve's mostly inured to it at this point, "the side effects can be difficult to handle, but I'm sure you'll manage." He claps Steve on the shoulder with false heartiness, and Steve can only wonder what it is about this Winter Soldier fella that has everyone panicked. Sure, according to the briefing, he's killed a lot of people, but they're all formidable fighters on their own, and even more so as a team. The fact that Natasha--Natasha, of all people--is white as a sheet and clearly operating under the strain of strong emotion is enough to make Steve wary, and even Tony has picked up on the tension, because after the first remark gets him a terrifying, flat-eyed stare from Natasha, he shuts up.The quinjet drops them at the HYDRA base, so like the ones Steve spent so much time destroying in the Forties that he pauses and has to stop himself from doing a double-take. "Cap?" Clint asks, concerned."They haven't changed much, have they?""No, but that makes it easier for us," Tony answers from somewhere above them.Which is of course when it all goes to shit.According to the intel Fury had given them, there was only supposed to be a skeleton crew at this base, but they swarm the way HYRDA agents always do, and fight like the Red Skull himself is there driving them on. Steve's not sure when he gets separated from Natasha, and his comm is giving him nothing but intermittent static and the occasional Hulk-roar, but he finds himself in the command center, along with the guy they're looking for, if the metal arm and the guns are anything to go by.The metal arm is a good match for the shield, and Steve finds himself in an honest-to-god hand-to-hand brawl with someone almost as strong as he is for the first time in a long time. He tears at the facemask, trying to find a spot to use the syrettes, and it comes off in his hand as another punch from the metal arm sends him flying.Steve looks up, and even though he's across the room, he feels like he's been punched in the gut again, all the breath knocked right out of him. Because the guy under the mask is Bucky. "Bucky?"The Winter Soldier shoves his goggles up onto his forehead and says, "Who the hell is Bucky?""I've got to get you out of here." He feels that sense of déjà vu again, but this time, instead of being too weak to stand on his own as the factory comes down around their ears, Bucky is snarling and fighting him. He doesn't know who Steve is, who he is, and it's breaking Steve's heart. Steve's determined to take him home safely, though, alive and ready to be helped.He ducks in under the next punch Bucky throws and jabs him in the neck with one of the syrettes Fury provided, hoping it works the way Fury said. Bucky barks out something in Russian that is probably a nasty profanity, and then his knees buckle and he collapses against Steve in a limp heap.Steve manages to collect him up without doing too much damage, though he's heavier than Steve ever remembers him being. Steve wonders how much more than his left arm is made of metal now. And then he doesn't have time to wonder about anything else, because the ceiling comes down, and everything goes dark for a bit.*Steve comes to with klaxons and emergency lights blaring, the familiar scent of Bucky's hair in his nose, and the unfamiliar feel of Bucky's lips pressed to his throat. "Uh, Buck?" Steve manages, blinking dust and spots out of his eyes, before all the details come back. It's 2013, they're buried under some HYDRA base, and Bucky is a Russian assassin codenamed the Winter Soldier. Sometimes, Steve doesn't understand how his life got so strange. Right now, though, he's just grateful that it has.Bucky's lips move to Steve's ear and he murmurs something in Russian. Steve can't translate it (he makes a note to start Russian lessons as soon as they get out of here), but the insinuating tone is familiar from dozens of nights when they were young and Bucky was trying to convince Steve to go out, or some girl to go home with him. And then Bucky presses his mouth to Steve's, tongue licking insistently at his lips, and Steve lets him in, the way he's always wanted to. He takes a brief second to think he must still be knocked out, because this is the kind of thing he only ever fantasized about in the darkness of his own head, after lights out, hoping God would forgive him, because he was afraid Bucky never would.The touch of Bucky's tongue against his sends heat blazing through him, and he sighs into Bucky's mouth. Bucky's palms are pressed flat against his chest, the tips of his fingers seeking purchase in the tight, slick material of Steve's uniform. Steve brings a hand up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Consent Issues
Ten in Ten Challenge

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

