Chapter 1: Tony Stark is a Dad?
    




Chapter Text
Tony was used to being in the spotlight. It was basically his birthright. The media scrutinized every move he made and always played it up to be bigger than it was. So, he thought he was prepared for every headline they could throw at him after dealing with them for what seems like his entire life. However, he was certainly proved wrong by today’s trending topic.

‘Spotted: Tony Stark and his Illegitimate Sons’
No matter how he flipped, shook, and tapped his StarkPad it never changed. Even with FRIDAY displaying all the news outlets reporting this – and it was every news outlet, even freaking CNN – he still couldn’t wrap his mind around how this came to be. His face was the definition of confusion, shock, and complete and utter WTF which only managed to make Rhodey laugh even harder while trying not to tip over with his new braces. Peter and Harley were also having the time of their lives, sitting down at one of the tables in the lab, flipping through the different tags on twitter: #PapaStark #DaddyTony #SINewHeirs. Even Bruce was trying, and failing, to hide his laughter behind his hand as he read the tweets over their shoulders.
Yesterday
“You guys can’t possibly be planning to spend the entire summer down here.”Three heads turned simultaneously at the sound of a female voice entering the workshop. Actually, it was probably the smell of food that caught their attention, but the fire-cracker red-head was definitely a close second.“Pepper! You brought sustenance!” Tony called, placing his screwdriver down from where he was working inside the suit. “Come children, we have provisions.”Pepper gave one of her ‘I am not amused’ looks, to which Tony responded with an innocent grin as he took the food from Pepper’s hands. “You love me,” he said simply and made his way to the table they had claimed specifically for eating.“Thanks Aunt Pepper!” Harley and Peter made their way over immediately digging into their burritos the way only teenage boys could.Pepper rolled her eyes fondly at the title before taking a seat next to Tony, across from the boys. They had taken to calling her that originally as a joke, and very much to Tony’s amusement it stuck.“Like I was saying,” Pepper began again as she took out her burger and fries, “You can’t spend all summer in here. It’s not healthy. And the last time I checked, summer camps involved being outside at least once a day.”“Pep, Pepper, that’s why this is a science summer camp. The first part of that title implies experiments. Which then implies controlled environments. Which implies being inside,” Tony stated matter-of-factly before taking a bite out of his own burger. The boys nodded vigorously in agreement, unable to make a comment with their mouths full.After the stress that the so-called ‘Civil War’ had caused for Tony, Pepper and Rhodey had forced him to take some kind of break to relax and clear his head. Tony did not do well with calm and quiet though, so he thought up something else – a science summer camp. Not only did he get to do what he loved, but he got educate two of the brightest boys he had ever met. And if anyone deserved this, it was Harley and Peter. Both had amazing skills for their ages and were capable of learning at an amazing pace. This way, he took a ‘break’ and got to nurture the bright minds of the future.So, a couple of convincing arguments with parents and negotiations with Pepper later and he was hosting two teenage boys for a month. It had been a week and they’d only blown something up twice. All in all, he’d say he was doing a pretty good job. Still, Pepper and Rhodey made it a point to check-in on them once a day. That is, until Rhodey was an assistant to one of the explosions and Pepper became the primary warden. Bruce was there, coming from whatever hole he was hiding in a month after the Avenger's... disagreement, but Pepper didn’t trust him either since he was a scientist too and was prone to blowing things up with Tony.Pepper huffed out a sigh. “Okay, then go do something science related outside. Like… take a field trip? The Smithsonian has science exhibits, right?”All three males shared a look and burst out laughing. It was Peter that gained the ability to speak up first. “Aunt Pep, have you seen the stuff Mr. St- I mean Tony makes,” Peter said spreading his arms wide gesturing to the workshop around them. “The Smithsonian couldn’t hold a candle to the stuff we get to do here.”At the unimpressed look Pepper gave him Peter immediately added, “Not that it wasn’t a good idea, it was a great idea. Really!”“Stop scaring the children Pep, it’s not nice. Besides, you can do a lot more damage with that beautiful smile of yours,” Tony said smoothly. Pepper turned her glare on him, but she couldn’t help the light blush at his words which made Tony grin in triumph.“Go to Central Park, have a picnic, I don’t care what you do,” Pepper paused, scrutinizing the looks on their faces, “Okay, scratch th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Tony Stark & T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Kinda
Dad!Tony Stark
My First Fanfic
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony-centric
Team Iron Man
Team Cap - Freeform
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Tony Stark & T'Challa

