Work Text:
Phil wasn’t sure why every terrorist cell in the country decided to arm itself at once, but three weeks straight of infiltrating small arms traders and a few who weren’t dealing so small was grating at him bad enough. Getting back to his office just in time to have Fury call him up to see him was enough to make Phil want to go back to the helicarrier just so he could throw himself off of it. When he got up to Fury’s office, he was beyond propriety and felt no qualms tossing himself down into the chair across from his old friend’s desk. “Hell of a few weeks, Nick,” he sighed.Fury smiled faintly. “I’m worried it may be about to get worse, Phil.” He tossed a file at Phil, who slid it off the desk into his hands. “Your brother-in-law was John Stilinski, right?”Phil hesitated, looking up with worry. “Do you mean ‘was’ as in my sister died so he’s not my brother-in-law really, or do you mean ‘was’ in a different way?” he asked.Fury cringed. “Possibly both. Sheriff John Stilinski has gone missing,” he said and Phil flipped open the file quickly. “There’s some stuff going on in the town that’s frankly below our concern level. Some strange things, but nothing to do with national security so it’s not our problem. However, high level agents family ties ping on the FBI lists and when a small town Sheriff disappears the FBI gets involved fast.”Phil looked into the file and barely bit back a curse. “What about his kid?” he asked. “Is his kid okay?”“No idea, but I’m sure if you look into it, you’ll find out,” Fury said and Phil nodded, standing up.“Thanks, I’ve got to go make some calls,” Phil said, already taking out his phone as he left the office. By the time anybody answered a call, Phil was already in his office, trying to wave Barton out. “Hello?” a voice asked, and Phil stopped, sitting down slowly after shooing Barton out into the hallway.“John? Is that you?” Phil asked in surprise. “I thought you’d gone missing?”“Who is this?” John asked. “Sorry, it’s just, new phone. Not all my contacts are in here-“Phil cursed. Of course John wouldn’t remember him. They hadn’t spoken since Claudia died eight years ago. “Sorry, it’s Phil. Phil Coulson,” he said softly. “I’m sorry to call like this, but I’d heard you had gone missing and I was calling to check on Gi- Gid-““Haha don’t bother, I can’t say his name either,” John interrupted. “He goes by Stiles.”Phil raised an eyebrow. “Interesting. Anyhow, what happened? Is everything alright?”John sighed. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” he said, and Phil barely kept from snickering at how untrue the statement probably was. “We’re alright now, but I really worry about how things are going to be the next few months. Stiles has suffered a lot of hard knocks for a kid his age. Hell, I’ve had to face some hard truths I didn’t expect and I’m the Sheriff.” John was quiet for a while. “You know, Phil, it’s surprising to hear from you. I kind of thought you’d fallen off the face of the earth.”Phil cringed. “Yeah, I’m sorry how it’s been, John, but it was just easier. My life has been… entirely insane since Claudia-“ He froze, clearing his throat. “Well, it was just easier to forget she had a family.”“Hey, I can’t say anything. Neither Stiles or I made any effort to reach out to you or your parents,” John said, then hesitated. “Your father… he passed, right?”Phil chuckled sadly. “My mother did too,” he said and John cursed. “It’s mostly while I called now. If G- Stiles was alone now…” He trailed off and John made a soft sound.“You’re the only family he has besides me,” John confirmed. “And trust me, I know it too. Stiles knows it. You wouldn’t believe what happened to me, but I can tell you that Stiles just- he lost it trying to find a way to get me home safe. He’s way too grown up for a seventeen year old kid.” Phil knew far too well how kids who had to grow up too soon often ended up. He only hoped his nephew didn’t go down the wrong path. ~Phil wasn’t expecting to hear from John again, so when his personal phone rang while he was blessedly home alone for one night, he was concerned immediately. “Hello?” he asked quickly, putting his book aside as he sat up, readying himself to go at a moment’s notice if need be.“Hi, Phil,” John said, and Phil waited impatiently. “I really hate to ask this, I know we have very little to do with each other anymore, but-“ John sighed. “I need your help.” Phil wasn’t sure what John could possibly mean. John had no idea what Phil did, so he didn’t know what he could possibly help with. “I know this is a lot to ask, but I need to get Stiles out of this town for a little while. I know it’s too much on too short a notice, but I’m desperate-““John, I’d love to help,” Phil started. “But I can’t possibly take him. I’m in no state to look after a child, I don’t live in the right area, I’ve got a steady job-““I know, Phil, but he lost some friends,” John said and Phil sobered immediately.“He… what?” Phil asked, sure that John didn’t mean… that.John 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - Fusion

fandom: 
None
