Work Text:
Phil was worried he might have trouble finding the boy he was picking up at the airport, but he had only been waiting a short amount of time when he saw who could only be Stiles. The boy was tall and thin, nearly gangly, but there was no missing the eyes Phil hadn’t seen in eight years. It was like a kick to the gut to see his sister’s eyes again. He remembered his nephew looked like his sister when he was little, but even as he was now – nearly a man rather than a boy – Stiles looked just like his mother. “Stiles Stilinski?” he called as the boy drew nearer. When the kid spun in a circle, Phil knew he was right. “Stiles, I’m Phil Coulson,” he said, and Stiles eyed him and then smiled, hitching his backpack as he walked closer.“Hi, I’m Stiles,” he said, wiggling his fingers from where his thumbs were hooked on the straps of his backpack. He eyed Phil. “Wow, no offense, but I was not at all expecting a dude in a suit waiting on me.”Phil wasn’t sure how to respond. “How about we go get your bags?” he asked, and Stiles nodded.“Sure,” he said, following Phil to the baggage claim area. “Sooo quick question!” Stiles started. “Do I call you ‘Mr. Coulson’ or ‘Uncle Phil’ or what? They sound kinda weird.” He made a face. “Yep totally weird. Can I call you ‘Phil’? Or do we stick with ‘hey dude’? I’m totally down with ‘hey dude!’ I can be all ‘hey dude!” and even if like thirty people look, at least you’ll know I meant you,” Stiles babbled. “Oh, hey! My stuff!” He headed over towards the conveyer belt as they reached the baggage claim area and grabbed the strap of his large duffel bag, only to give it a yank and rather than it come to him, he was pulled almost over, hanging onto the strap and yanking as he followed the bag down the conveyer belt, trying to dislodge it from beneath the bag next to it.Phil stared blankly as Stiles made it a good twenty feet before he finally snatched the bag free and flew backwards onto the floor, the bag landing on top of him much to the amusement of a couple who laughed at him. Phil had no idea what he was expecting, but this? The kid currently attempting to roll a heavy duffel bag full of his things off of him so he could get up off the floor?Definitely not it.“I’m okay!” Stiles announced as he got to his feet and stumbled over to Phil with a sheepish grin. “We’re good, dude!”Phil offered a fixed smile. “You can call me Phil,” he said, offering to take Stiles’s backpack so he could sling the duffel bag over his back. “This way,” he said, guiding Stiles in the right direction. “Sweet,” Stiles said, falling into step with him. “So Phil,” he started. “What am I in for? Do you work all the time? Do you have a wife? Roommate? Am I gonna be getting in your way? Are there like… ground rules I should know?” Phil chuckled. “I usually work all the time, but I’m taking off while you’re here. It would be irresponsible to leave a seventeen year old alone ninety percent of the time he’s with me.” He sighed. “No, no wife, no roommate. You get the spare bedroom, not a couch if that is what you were asking. And as for ground rules, you’re not a little kid so not anything dramatic,” Phil said simply. “Obviously you can’t just disappear for days on end. No visitors in my apartment and no drugs or alcohol because I could get arrested and your father might shoot me if somebody you make friends with drugs you and steals everything from my house,” he warned and Stiles shot him a surprised look. “Hey, it’s New York,” Phil said and Stiles snorted.“The sad thing is, that doesn’t even sound that bad after all the stuff we’ve had going on back home,” he said with a sad smile.Phil nodded. “Your father mentioned things haven’t been good. You don’t have to talk about any of it if you don’t want. I won’t ask you anything.”Stiles smiled and nodded. “Thanks,” he said softly. “So, do you have a car or are we taking a train or something?” he asked.Phil kept his face plain as he nodded towards the exit to the parking garage. “This way,” he said, amused by Stiles already.~When they got to Phil’s building, Stiles seemed reluctant to part with Phil’s car. He kept going on about how ‘she’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen – even more beautiful than Lydia Martin!’ and Phil couldn’t help but smile. Stiles seemed like he was going to be a bit overwhelming, but he was definitely entertaining. Phil still hated taking the elevator, but with his still-recuperating body he had no hope of making it up six floors of stairs without his chest being sore for a while afterwards. Stiles probably wouldn’t like climbing up six floors with his gigantic duffel bag either, so Phil didn’t feel as bad as he usually did about his lessened mobility.When they got out of the elevator and turned the corner, Phil tensed as soon as he saw Clint coming out of the stairwell. “No,” he said firmly, stalking past the door to the stairs, heading to his apartment.“No?” Clint asked, frowning. “No what-““No you can’t be here,” Phil argued, glan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
hinted Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Crossover

fandom: 
hinted Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

