Work Text:
The first time Phil suddenly had to leave for a work emergency, Stiles didn’t think anything about it until he turned on the news and saw that there was a giant robot attacking a small town in New Jersey and the Avengers had shown up to save the day. Even then, his only thought was ‘I bet that’s going to make traffic a bitch since people will be frantic that it’s gonna come here next after last time. I hope Phil doesn’t end up late for his meeting’. He didn’t even think anything of the fact that Phil came home smelling faintly like burned rubber and wearing a different outfit than he’d left in. The second time Phil suddenly left for an emergency board meeting with the head of his accounting firm, Stiles thought it was a funny coincidence that twice in a row Phil had to leave for a sudden work engagement the same time something superhero related was going on, this time in the form of an alien space ship attacking Long Island. It was a little odd that Phil came home with a faint sparkling dust in his hair, but Stiles didn’t think it was his place to ask about a man’s interaction with glitter. What Phil did in his own time was his own business, not Stiles’s. However, as his dad always said, once is an incident, twice is a coincidence, and three times is a pattern. The third time Phil was suddenly called in to the office, Stiles immediately flipped to the news the moment the door shut behind Phil and, sure enough, there was a freaking squid monster that looked horrifyingly close to Cthulhu climbing out of the harbor and up the Statue of Liberty. Stiles held off on his suspicion, expecting to ask Phil about it casually after dinner and see how much it made Phil laugh. Instead, Phil came home soaking wet with a few strange slimy looking steaks in his hair with the excuse of ‘water pipe burst at work’ and a clear expectation that that was all Stiles would need to fully believe him. The realization that Phil was clearly somehow involved in issues that often involved superheroes and government agencies was confusing as hell. Stiles’s first thought was ‘I bet Phil is FBI’ and his second was ‘I bet Danny could help me hack the FBI’. After those thoughts filtered through his mind, Stiles couldn’t help it – he felt compelled to grab his phone and call in a favor.“Danny Boy! You know how you owe me one- what? You totally owe me one, I saved your boyfriend’s life!” Stiles rolled his eyes. “Yes, I did, you can ask him! Anyhow, I’m ready to call in my favor!” Stiles knew he’d have his answer before too long.~Phil was putting up groceries when his phone rang. He cursed as he fumbled for it before finally catching it firmly enough to answer. “Coulson,” he said curtly, waiting for the bad news. He was really getting called in a lot for someone on leave.“Are you at your apartment? Is everything okay?” Fury asked in an oddly worried tone.Phil frowned. “Yes, why wouldn’t I be-“Phil was interrupted by Clint diving through the open window in his tactical gear, releasing the grappling hook arrow as he rolled across the floor and landed in a crouch, only to falter when he spotted Phil casually putting away groceries. “Boss?” he asked, looking confused. He stood straight, though still alert, and looked around. “Where is- wait, are you okay?” he asked, looking as utterly perplexed as Phil felt.“Sir, care to tell me why a Hawk just flew into my window?” Phil demanded, glancing into the living room to make sure Stiles hadn’t heard Clint arrive and come out of his room.“Coulson, there was a flag up. Someone hacked into SHIELD to view your file.” Phil paled. “What did they look at? Did they find my address?! I’ve got a civilian here-““It was from your address, Agent,” Fury interrupted. “The trace on the hack came up with two hackers and one of them was at your apartment. The other came from California. Whoever these two are, they’re good. The one from California got into SHIELD opened the door for the one from your address so quietly that they got to your file before we closed them out.”Phil frowned. “California? Are we sure it wasn’t Stark?”Clint shook his head. “He’s at the Tower,” he muttered just as Fury clarified.“No, not Malibu, a small town in northern California.”Realization struck Phil and he gaped openly for a moment – so much that it clearly alarmed Clint, who drew his weapon – before he found his words. “Holy crap, I think I know what just happened,” Phil said in quiet shock.“What? Is someone there?!” Fury asked and Clint looked franticly into the living room, gun out before Phil reached out and pushed his gun down.“My nephew – the one living at my address – is from Beacon Hills, California, near the Oregon border,” he said and Clint gaped. “I have no idea what made him think I may be SHIELD or how the hell he got into SHIELD files when only Tony Stark has successfully did that remotely, but he must’ve had help back home.” Phil chuckled, a mixture of relieved and amused. “You should probably pick up whoever helped him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
mention of Danny Mahealani/Ethan

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Crossover

fandom: 
mention of Danny Mahealani/Ethan

