Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It wasn’t that Charles hadn’t heard of Ser Lehnsherr.
Everyone had.
It was just that, in person, he was really enticing. Even with the distance of the great Hallway between them, Charles could pick out the mind of his husband-to-be.
His husband-to-be.
Charles bit his lip, looking down from where he was waiting at the gates of the ceremonial hall. Butterflies in his stomach and cold feet and jitters, he was having all of them.
Though his consent really didn’t matter when the honor of the House of Xavier was in question, it especially didn’t matter to his step-father, but Charles was actually looking forward to the wedding. The truce, for his step-father, but Charles wanted to think of it as a proper wedding.
Well, there were ribboned flowers glowing in the candlelight and dressed up guests and blood red wine, the best quality of course –after all this was a wedding in the House of Xavier, living up to its name- and everything else that defined a “proper wedding”. He knew he shouldn’t, but he couldn’t help but wonder what changed his ambitious step-father’s mind and for once, the vindictive Lord Kurt Marko actually did something for Charles. Staying so many years with Sharon Xavier had taught him to keep his curiosity in check and Charles knew better than to question his Lord father’s decisions, but he was in fact, of all things, surprised. It was hard figuring out what was Lord Kurt Marko’s real motive behind this wedding.
Charles knew that a matrimonial alliance with one of the most powerful Houses of the North would not only mean more gain for the leaders of both the Houses, but also invoke fear in the hearts of all those who would want to revolt against the under-the-table procedures of his step-father. Still. Charles knew his step-father had so many different ways to gain power. Lord Marko could wed Raven, Charles’ half-sister, to one of the potential Lords. Or one of the lovely dames of the East could’ve been proposed for his step-brother, Cain Marko. Why did he choose Charles of all of his children?
Something was off about the way his step-father, who was currently standing three steps behind him with his wife, and who always shielded his mind whenever they discussed the wedding. But Charles suspected it was Lord Marko finally getting rid of his bothersome step-son, as the ale-induced mind of his step-father once declared involuntarily.
Charles decided to ignore the soft ache in his heart, the void left behind by the death of his lord father, Ser Brian Xavier, and leave it all in the past. There were more things that he should be bothered about right now. Things like his wedding. And his husband to-be.

‘Ready?’

It was the gentle whisper of Raven’s excited voice in his mind. Charles looked at her from the corner of his eyes, and met her smile.

‘Yes.’

‘Charles, it’s all for the good. Believe me,’ came her soothing reply before she took her position behind his parents. He took his first step into the grand hall, and on cue, the strings and keys filled the hushed atmosphere with heavenly music.
He stole a glance at his to-be lord husband. Clad in the midnight cloak of the House of Lehnsherr, the groom was standing at the end of the aisle with his house representatives.
The Xaviers paused as the entire House crossed the threshold. The herald announced their arrival and the honors of each member in relation. Charles took the opportunity to sneak a few more looks.
The only golden celtic knot of House of Lehnsherr in the entire hall, was holding together the violet-and-black cloak of his husband to-be, Charles analyzed. Charles took in the tall, handsome figure of Ser Lehnsherr, clad in dark clothes that complemented his hair and highlighted the silver in his eyes. The only living heir with direct blood connections to the mighty House. Ser Lehnsherr had lost his father even before his birth; and his mother, Lady Edie Lehnsherr had passed away when he had barely crossed his eleventh summer, as Charles had gathered. And the young Lehnsherr had taken the House of Lehnsherr to the current heights, all on his own. Smart and far-sighted and never getting distracted from his ambitions. And one of the only living metalbenders in the entire kingdom as well.
And as if that weren’t alluring enough, Charles had gathered other information from the minds of unsuspecting lords and ladies as they arrived one by one during the past month. Yes, he knew that his mother would be upset if she came to know about his little musings. But Charles couldn’t help himself! He was curious. And heavens! His little snooping around has resulted in him blushing all the way to the roots of his hair.
The ladies secretly discussed how they had heard of Charles’ groom being so wild in bed, and how they were actually jealous of the House of Xavier’s youngest son. One of the ladies even had a distant cousin who was fortunate enough to actually spen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Weddings
Protective!Erik
Charles Getting Uncomfortable
smitten!Erik
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
sorta of asoiaf AU
Alternate Universe - Dark
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Age Difference
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Ball dancing

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

