Chapter 1: Graduation Day
    




Chapter Text
 It was a sunny, breezy afternoon in the middle of May in Philadelphia, and Lexi Shaeffer had just gotten to her car in the student parking lot when she heard a woman’s voice behind her. “Miss Shaeffer, congratulations on your graduation.” Lexi turned quickly to face the woman, keeping the car’s remote gripped tightly in her left hand, thumb locating the panic button. “Thank you,” Lexi said, glancing quickly at the woman’s hands as she approached. They were at her side, empty. “I’m sorry, but do I know you?” The woman stopped several feet away from Lexi—close enough to have a conversation, but not so close as to appear threatening. In fact, Lexi thought, everything about her seemed to scream ‘non-threatening.’ Well-fitting slacks, low-heeled loafers, a slim-cut tailored jacket—all articles of clothing that would make hiding a weapon difficult. “No, not yet. I represent a group that is interested in hiring you. You have a unique skill set that we find makes you extremely valuable. May I give you my card?” she asked, as her right hand slowly reached into her jacket pocket. Lexi slipped back half a step, right hand going for the car door handle. The woman withdrew her right hand slowly, holding a card between her index and middle fingers. She extended her hand toward Lexi, but came no closer. “If you’re interested in discussing this opportunity, there’s a coffee shop across the street where we could sit down and talk.” Lexi glanced around quickly, and seeing no one who looked out of place, carefully stepped toward the woman and reached out for the card. As soon as Lexi took the card, the woman took a step back, always keeping her hands where Lexi could see them. Her efforts to keep Lexi at ease didn’t go unnoticed, which was something of a warning sign in and of itself. Lexi also took a step back, and glanced at the card in her hand. It said quite simply, “Maria Hill, Deputy Director.” There was a phone number, but no other information. As Lexi looked at the business card, Maria took a very quick moment to study her. This was definitely the woman they were looking for. She appeared to be about 25 or 26 years old, just over average height, athletic build, long, dark hair, dark blue eyes; very cautious in dealing with others, extremely wary of strangers, ready to bolt at a moment’s notice. When Lexi looked back up, Maria made sure her expression was pleasantly neutral. “Maria Hill?” Lexi asked. The woman nodded, a small smile on her face. “This doesn’t say what group you’re Deputy Director of.” Maria turned to the side as if to walk across the street. “If you’d like to accompany me to the coffee shop, I can answer all your questions.” Lexi hesitated. She did need to find a job now that she had finished this graduate program and her latest doctoral thesis. The coffee shop Maria had indicated was one that Lexi had frequented over the last few years. Even though Lexi didn’t normally talk to strangers who came up to her out of the blue, at least it was a familiar, public place. It wasn’t the first time she had been approached for a job interview, and Lexi’s intuition, which was usually spot-on, told her that Maria Hill had no interest in harming her. “Um, sure, I guess. I have to admit I’m somewhat curious.” Lexi locked her car doors, but held on to her keys. She pulled the strap of her satchel over her head so that it crossed her body, and walked around her car. When the traffic subsided, both women crossed the street in the direction of the shop. When they entered, the little bell over the door jingled happily. The aroma of coffee washed over them. Lexi took a quick look around. The coffee shop had a cozy, homey feel to it. Wood floors, scratched and dented with age, but clean; exposed brick walls, dotted with bookshelves. The wooden counter was simple, though the equipment it housed was modern. The ceiling was criss-crossed with exposed beams, from which a few small fans spun lazily. Several of the small wooden tables inside were occupied, people reading books or newspapers or working on laptops. A man with a stroller texted on his phone, a couple in the corner chatted quietly to each other while feeding each other bits of pastry and making goo-goo eyes at each other. Maria walked directly to a table in the middle of the shop by the wall that had a file sitting on it. A briefcase sat on the floor, up against the wall. Lexi looked around again, wondering how on earth this woman’s belongings hadn’t been disturbed in her absence. Before she could think too much on this odd fact, the man behind the counter looked up and smiled at them. “Hello ladies, what can I get for you today?” he asked. “I’ll have a large black coffee, and…” Maria said, and then looked at Lexi. “A medium hot chocolate,” Lexi said. Maria sat at the table, with her back to the front window. Lexi sat across from her, taking a chair that allowed her to put her back to the wall, and placed her bag on the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Not a short story
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Nightmares
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn
but not too slow
so many feels
Lexi Is a Mystery
Especially to Herself
MCU compliant
Jarvis for MVP
Natasha Is a Good Bro
awkward phone sex
Frenemies Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson
Steve is hilariously clueless
seriously so much fluff
I REGRET NOTHING
Jarvis is a Sassy DJ
Sam Wilson is a Cuddly Drunk
Lexi is a BAMF
Bucky's got moves like Jagger
Don't Make Lexi Angry
It Won't End Well For You If Lexi Gets Angry
Angst and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

