Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony stared at the two men in front of him. “This is… the single most stupid thing anyone has ever asked of me.”
Stephen Strange and Rhodey stared helplessly at him and Tony hoped he was wearing a glowering, determined expression that would make it very clear that neither hell nor high water—and certainly no magical entity, human or sorcerer or otherwise—was going to convince him to do this.
It was reckless and completely insane, no matter how hopeless the situation looked right now.
“We need to fix this,” Strange tried again. “And we need to do it now. Go back to the beginning and work from there. That’s why I brought you here.”
“Why me?” Tony demanded to know. “I thought you were the Sorcerer Supreme here!”
“Every situation has its own imperatives. And the Eye is the one who picked you, not me.”
Tony scoffed. “The Eye.”
“Yes,” Strange said. “You want to help save this world, don’t you?”
“Of course I do!” Tony thumped a fist against the wall behind him. “I just… I can’t go back. I can’t go through all of that again. And it won’t change anything, anyway.”
Strange looked at him in that stupid docile way of his. “Then I suppose we’re doomed.”
“‘We’ being your sorcerers?”
“No, ‘we’ being me, and you, and the whole world. Every last human being.”
A pause.
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “Now you’re just being dramatic.”
“I’m being realistic. Thanos is at our doorsteps, Tony. Millions of people are dying as we speak—and you know it.”
Tony sighed as he turned around. He knew alright.
Around them, the Kamar-Taj was buzzing with the voices of Strange’s men. All the young sorcerers-in-training who had survived the latest battle with Thanos were outside, fighting the fight. Their mentor, Wong, was looking at Tony warily from across the library.
He and Rhodey had arrived in Nepal half a day ago, and ever since, it felt like they were walking in circles. Strange was now the head of the Masters of the Mystic Arts and the official reason for their visit was to complete arrangements for the sorcerers to work together with the Avengers—or what was left of them.
Tony hadn’t heard from Natasha and Bruce in over a week. All communication systems were down. Steve, Sam and Barnes—they had kept loose contact, fighting the fight in Europe with their own team. They hadn’t exactly worked together since Thanos had arrived—they’d only been on a need-to-know talking base, calling each other once a week to make sure they were still alive and fighting.
Steve’s last call had been twelve days ago.
Tony tried not to think about it too much. There could be numerous reasons why Steve hadn’t called, and yet…
Yet, Tony had a feeling that… that—
Goddammit, how had all of this happened? How the hell had they gotten to this point?
If Steve was dead, Tony didn’t know how to keep going. No matter how horrible the fight between them had been, Tony had always found a strange kind of solace in the knowledge that Steve was still  somewhere —trying to do the right thing just as much as Tony was.
“I would never let you use the Time Stone if I had another choice,” Strange said, his voice suddenly very gentle. “There is usually no way to make use of it without an advanced knowledge of Mystic Arts. There are dangerous channels…”
“What channels?” Rhodey intercepted. “You said it was safe.”
“It is. The Eye will lead Tony to his desired destination.”
Tony’s jaw clenched, and he firmly schooled his expression so he wouldn’t be giving any of those feelings inside of him away. He couldn’t let Strange of all people see how much… how much all of what had happened in those last three years had broken him. This war—this stupid, pointless power game between him and Steve, and all the wreckage that had followed. The abyss that now gaped between both of their teams, the threat of a final apocalypse looming over all of their heads, the loneliness Tony felt every day when he stood in their living room, looking at the large table that had once housed many team dinners.
At some point, he’d become this broken shell, and he hadn’t yet found a way to piece himself back together again.
“I just can’t,” Tony concluded.
“I know it’s hard, Tones, but maybe you can really change what happened,” Rhodey said tentatively. “You know I distrust this whole magic thing just as much as you, but… This might be our last chance. If Thanos gets his hands on the Time Gem, too, we’re done. It’s the last one missing.”
“I  can’t,” Tony snapped, though the futility of his resistance was slowly dawning on him, too.
Strange stepped closer to him and Tony had never hated him and his stupid goatee and his stupid cape as much as in this very moment.
“If we ever want to defeat Thanos,” Strange said, “we need the combined force of all heroes, and you know it. If the Avengers hadn’t fallen apart before he came here, if we had been a united force, we could’ve beaten him. Now it’s too late.”
Tony bristled. “Don’t you think I tried before?! All I did, for  years, was to try and stop the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Eye of Agamatto
Infinity Gems
Apocalypse
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Friends to Lovers
Minor Character Death (Mentioned)
First Kiss
Getting Together
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Avengers: Infinity War (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

