Work Text:
Stiles and Danny had both passed out almost as soon as they flopped onto Stiles’s bed. Phil was amused but had gone to get a little sleep himself. He knew the next day would be a big one. 
What nobody expected, however, was to be woken up by a knocking at the door. Not just any knock, Phil realized, but a knock that only three people knew meant ‘let me in, Phil, it’s important’. Phil woke up the boys and told them to hurry and get dressed grabbing his gun as he headed to the door, just in case. He looked out the peep hole and saw Clint, but saw a shoulder in to Clint’s left as well. He looked to be sure that Danny and Stiles were both in either bathroom getting ready for the day before he opened the door. “Barton,” he said curtly, checking his eyes to see if Clint was trying to warn him.
Clint, however, dragged the man beside him towards the door. “I found this one looking shifty on his way down the hall,” he said, glaring at the tall, dark haired man. “He was coming here.”
Phil started to speak, but when Clint snatched the guy closer, he saw the man’s eyes change for a split second and he stepped back, drawing his gun immediately. “Don’t move,” he said suddenly. “Barton. Back off and draw your weapon,” he instructed. “Hands up, claws where I can see them,” Phil commanded, gun in the guy’s face. “Who are you and what are you doing here?”
“Sir, I don’t know what you think-“
Phil shook his head minutely. “I know what you are-“
“Derek?!” a voice choked out behind Phil. The man’s eyes widened and he looked past Phil. Phil was just surprised when something that looked like relief flickered across his face. “Phil! What are you doing?!” Stiles asked, and Phil heard feet thumping towards him.
Phil shook his head. “Stiles, don’t- Hey!” He gaped at Stiles, who put a hand on top of Phil’s gun and pushed it down, glaring at him seriously. It wasn’t a playful glare, it was real anger in Stiles’s eyes. Phil just wasn’t sure who at.
“You don’t freaking point guns at people without a good reason,” Stiles said, then turned to Derek. “And you! What the hell are you doing here?!” he demanded, cold anger in his voice. “How the hell did you find us?!” He stopped. “Oh crap, is it something back home? Is it- is it starting again?” he asked.
Phil narrowed his eyes, suspicious of this man. However, ‘Derek’, spoke up. “No, Stiles,” he said, sighing in frustration. “When you came out here Peter called to warn me. It’s a big city but it’s possible to cross paths. I didn’t think it would be a problem, and it hasn’t, but then Peter called me in the middle of the night because those idiots found out Danny is missing and they couldn’t reach you to ask you about helping them and stupid Scott jumped to the conclusion that if Danny is missing and you’re not replying to anything that something or someone got you both.” He nodded to Danny behind them. “That one’s mate is an idiot and panicked and now they’re all coming here to find you so you can help them find him.”
Danny just held up a hand. “I thought your name was Miguel? THIS is Derek?” he asked suddenly and Derek glared at him then at Stiles.
Phil pinched his nose with the hand not holding his gun. “Please someone explain. Barton, get inside, shut the door,” he said, walking towards the living room, leaving the others to follow. When they got there, he pointed at the couch with his gun gesturing for Stiles and Danny to sit. Barton stood behind the chair Phil directed Derek into. “Okay, first off. You’re a werewolf,” he said to Derek who just nodded.
“Yes.”
Phil glanced at Stiles and Danny. “Neither of you seem surprised by this.”
Stiles shrugged. “The whole ‘gang violence’ thing?” He shook his head. “Not so much. Packs rivalries and hunter problems.”
Clint spoke up. “Wait, Boss, you mean to tell me werewolves are a thing?!”
Phil nodded. “Yes.”
“A thing SHIELD knows about?” Clint continued and Phil raised an eyebrow.
“Of course we know about them. Why wouldn’t we?” he asked curtly.
“And werewolf pack rivalries aren’t our thing?!” Clint asked and Phil actually rolled his eyes.
“We deal with national security, not territory conflicts. It’s just not on our radar,” he said simply. He sat on the coffee table, sighing. “Stiles, you are mixed up in werewolves? Does your father know about this?!”
Stiles nodded. “Yep. It’s a more recent development, but he knows. Long story short! Derek’s uncle bit my best friend and I got mixed up in everything that way. Since then it’s been death and threat of death and killing and fighting and running and way too many lies to my dad until now things have mostly settled.”
Danny nodded. “I was just on the periphery of this. I didn’t know what was going on until just a few weeks ago. My boyfriend was evil but now he’s not and there was this whole drama with that but it’s all mostly okay now.”
Derek spoke up. “And that’s where this problem we’re in now has started,” he said to Phil. He pointed at Danny. “His mate is an alpha werewolf who freaked out when 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
hinted Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Crossover

fandom: 
hinted Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

