Work Text:

i. snowed in
(It’s perfect. That’s what Stark says; it’s even a Canadian shack. He knows his tropes and he knows his nonagenarians and he says that it’s all so obvious.And no, no, says Pepper. You can’t install JARVIS in the shack. It defeats the purpose.And what are you, anyway? asks Barton. Some kind of voyeur?Barton doesn’t see the irony. So much for great vision.)“Honestly,” says Bucky, putting his feet on the coffee table (which still has a label attached: 100% reclaimed Alaskan wood). “Honestly, I have my doubts.”“About what?” asks Steve, poking at the roaring fire and relishing the heat before poking at Bucky to move over. “That this was a legitimate op in the first place.” Bucky gestures. “It feels like a set-up.”“You think S.H.I.E.L.D. set us up?” Steve’s confused; it’s not that he trusts S.H.I.E.L.D. but this seems rather elaborate. “I think they set you up, buddy,” says Bucky. “When was the last time you took a holiday, anyway?”Steve rubs his forehead with his fingertips. “I’m not sure if you noticed, Buck, but I’ve been kinda busy.” Between Chitauri and the webs of red paper and red, seeping wounds that have accompanied Bucky’s return, Steve hasn’t really had the time or inclination to stop. “In any case, I was asleep for-”“Seventy years in an icy, icy grave, I hear you,” says Bucky and he holds up his left hand for a fist-bump. Too much time with Clint, Steve thinks. (He obliges, anyway.) “The comms are down and we’ve got food for a week,” says Steve. He draws his legs up, under his body, as though he is small again, and Bucky slings an arm around his shoulders, as though he is small again. “So, let’s wait, what- three days? Four? Before contacting S.H.I.E.L.D. with our coordinates?”“And what should we do for three or four days, Buck?”(They slept and not even together. They slept and read and Cap sketched and Barnes practised tai chi. Stark is disgusted.)
ii. amnesia
(So, Barnes has no idea who he is and we’re not on DEFCON 1? I don’t get it. Don’t worry, Barton. He has no idea who he is and he’s certainly never heard of the Winter Soldier.Oh. Oh. That’s a relief.)They’re calling him James or Barnes and his ID, issued by a shady-sounding government division called S.H.I.E.L.D., says that he’s James Buchanan Barnes which is a mouthful if ever he heard one. There’s the one guy, though, the one who walks into a room and everyone shuts up and listens, and he calls him Bucky and he has this sad smile when he says it. He’s beautiful. James or Barnes or Bucky thinks that Captain Steve Rogers is beautiful and if he never knows anything else about himself, he thinks that’ll be enough. Rogers says James should stay with him. James asks him to keep calling him Bucky. “Maybe it’ll jog a memory,” he says, hopefully. “Or maybe it’ll make me feel like someone. There’s nothing worse than feeling like no one.” That makes Rogers stop dead, right there on a Brooklyn sidewalk, and a muscle in his jaw twitches and his eyes are sadder and older than they should be and he nods. “You’re not no one, Bucky,” he says, on a soft and fierce exhale. He takes Bucky’s hand, like it’s nothing, and he tells him about their life together, or their lives. “I gotta say you’re convincing,” says Bucky, with a bright smile. He doesn’t feel like he’s ninety or a killer, though his metal arm says otherwise, like the gnarled scars on his chest and shoulder, and like Rogers’ improbable words. “If the guy with the-” (he gestures to demonstrate impossibly well cultivated facial hair) “- tried to tell me this shit, I’d never believe him.”“He has that way,” says Rogers, fondly, and Bucky wonders for a minute but it’s his fingers laced with Rogers and now it’s Bucky’s turn to stop dead. “Are we-?” he asks.“Do we-?” he tries again. “Am I-?” “You’re Bucky Barnes,” says Steve. “And you’re my best friend,” he says, like it’s that simple, and maybe it is and maybe that’s all Bucky needs to know.(So, you wanted to jump Cap’s bones and you could’ve jumped Cap’s bones, free of charge, and you didn’t? Barton is scandalised and Barnes just shrugs. It wouldn’t’ve been right, man.Barton can only offer a desultory fistbump in the name of truth and justice.)
iii. fake married
(Nick, if I didn’t know better-But you do know better, Cheese.)Bucky bounces up and down on the bed. “C’mon, Mr Barnes, you gotta admit it’s pretty funny.”“I gotta admit it’s pretty unlikely,” says Steve, folding his arms. He’s not smiling and he can’t and he won’t. (He smiles.) “There are dozens of covert operatives in this organisation. Why us?”“Because, in all those dozens, there’s no one better matched than us.”“I never had you pegged as a romantic, Mr Barnes,” says Steve, entering into the spirit, in spite of himself. His lips twitch. “Anyway, don’t you think that Coulson and Ward-?”Bucky shudders. “Wash your brain out, Steve.” He lies back on the bed. “C’mon. Catch some Zs. We gotta get our glad rags on later.”Steve hesitates before nudging off his shoes. He sits down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5+1 Things

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

