Chapter 1: First Signs of Trouble
    




Chapter Text
Peter knew he was in trouble when MJ started sniffing the air, a look of confusion crossing her features. She turned to Peter with a small frown. “Hey tiger,” she said, falling back on her old nickname for him, “You're not… you know? I mean, you're on suppressants?”Peter felt his blood run cold. He was a scientist, or at least studying to become a scientist. He knew how to keep track of something as simple as a heat cycle. After all, he was in his second year of college and he’d been tracking his heats since they started at age 14, so he had his predictions down almost to the hour. He’d been on suppressants since yesterday, just to be safe, but he’d woken that morning with that weird, itchy discomfort crawling under his skin, flushed with an almost feverish sensation that only grew stronger as the day progressed. He shouldn't have been feeling anything, if the suppressants were doing their goddamn job.He poked at his Kung Pao chicken awkwardly with his chopsticks, stirring it around without actually eating any. “I...started my dose yesterday,” he admitted weakly, unable to look his childhood friend in the eye.MJ sniffed the air again, her eyebrows furrowing down towards her delicate nose. “Weird,” she commented. “I thought it might be you, ‘cause, it smells like you.”Peter stared at her. “How the hell could you possibly tell with all the grease permeating the air in here?” he swept his arm out, indicating the small hole-in-the-wall restaurant where they’d met to grab a late lunch. “I’m going to need a shower just to get rid of the smell of sweet and sour pork.”MJ shrugged awkwardly, but her sharp gaze bored into Peter. “It’s not super obvious,” she said, “Just… obvious enough for me to pick out. As for knowing your scent, well, there was that one time back in high school…”Peter grimaced. “The time that Flash-?”“Flash flushed your suppressants, yeah,” MJ clarified, “and you lied to your Aunt because money was tight.”“She's a beta,” Peter protested, “it wasn't going to bother her any. Besides, what she didn't know--”“Made her think her nephew was a sex fiend,” MJ interrupted with a twinkle in her eye. “At least she didn't have to worry about her nerd of a nephew getting laid.” she winked.Peter covered his face. “Oh my god.”“Don't worry about it, Pete, Gwen was more than happy to share me for an evening or five,” MJ laughed, her eyes sparkling. “What are friends for?”And that, that was what had killed Peter in High School, knowing that MJ was never going to see him as more than a friend, and yet she was the only Alpha who’d ever shown even an ounce of interest in him. Well. That wasn't exactly true, his first heat had been frankly terrifying, Aunt May hadn't had the instincts to smell him, but when an older alpha neighbor had tried to follow Peter to school, she’d realized something was wrong, calling him in sick and rushing him to the hospital pretty quickly.He’d barely had time to walk through the door before a nurse verified what May had suspected. Peter was quickly tugged aside and given emergency suppressants. The doctor couldn't believe it had been his first heat, going so far as to say that most omegas didn't reach his level of pheromone production until their prime.Aside from the fiasco in Senior Year, when he’d taken a week off and MJ had fucked him brainless every day as soon as school let out, he’d never gone into heat without his suppressants. They never quite stopped the heat, but they helped him stay coherent, drastically reduced his pheromone and slick production, and prevented fertility. They made him feel...normal. Being in heat without suppressants had been a terrifying experience. He had only blurry memories of desperation, of frantically taking himself in hand, and when that wasn't enough, spearing himself on his own fingers, on a flashlight, anything he could get his hands on, waiting until MJ got there with her strap-on to help him feel normal for a few hours before the itch under his skin would once again begin to boil and burn, need pouring off him like the slick that dripped from his wide, weeping entrance.When he’d become Spider-Man, he’d built pheromone suppression systems into the suit to disguise his scent. If someone got too close they might think he smelled something like an Alpha, and if they stayed back he would more likely be mistaken for a Beta. If the system wasn't essential to protecting his identity, he might have considered patenting the design, but he couldn't risk people knowing the technology of such extreme pheromone concealment actually existed, or someone might find a way around it. No one could know that your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man was actually an Omega.For the five years following that spider bite at the tender age of 16, his heats had been gradually worsening. At first Peter had chalked it up to nearing his prime, and therefore needing stronger drugs to fully take care of the issue. He’d started not
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Heats and Ruts
Dubious Consent
Age Difference
what we have here is a failure to communicate
Spideypool - Freeform
Eventual Smut
Secret Identity

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

