Work Text:
Clint hears light footsteps bouncing up the stairs, dress shoes tapping, and his heart feels like it stops, then starts, then clenches.It hurts.This had seemed like a great idea when he was convincing Melinda to smuggle him onboard, but now it’s too late and he realises that he’s fucking terrified.The door swings open and forget about Clint’s heart, his whole body just stops working.  He sits down hard on the desk he’d been standing in front of.Phil doesn’t notice.  Phil’s looking down at the file in his hands, mouth turned up slightly at one corner like something’s amusing.  He looks good.  He looks strong and alive and Clint makes a sound in the back of his throat that he sure as shit didn’t mean to make.Phil’s head snaps up.“Clint,” he says, after a long pause where his mouth just hangs open.Clint folds his arms across his chest, but it’s more to keep himself together than defensive.  He expected Phil to shout at him, to demand to know what he’s doing here when Phil’s made it perfectly clear he doesn’t want him here, anywhere.He wasn’t expecting the lost look in Phil’s eyes or the way he’s all stunned and still kind of lit-up at the same time.Clint licks his lips, tries to talk.  Nothing happens.  He swallows, tries again.  “Coulson,” he says.  Phil drops his paperwork on the floor.  It isn’t his hands going slack with shock, it’s been too long for that, it’s more like he just doesn’t care about them anymore, not now he’s seen Clint.Clint shakes his head at nothing.  Phil wasn’t supposed to be glad to see him.“Clint,” Phil says again then crosses the room in three strides.  He reaches out to touch Clint’s arm but Clint flinches, hard, and shifts back across the desk.  He wishes he hadn’t sat down.  Now he feels trapped.Phil lets his hand hover, obviously wanting to touch, letting Clint see how obviously he wants to touch.“How are you here?” Phil asks, eyes roaming all over Clint’s face, his chest, his folded arms.“How are you alive?” Clint snaps back at him and that stops Phil in his tracks.“I-” he says then hesitates.  “I recovered.” “That’s not a fucking answer.” Clint didn’t know he was going to be this angry.  He knew he was going to be angry, sure, but he didn’t know it would feel like this.  His insides are swirling, hot and tight, and he wants to lash out, but he can’t, doesn’t.“I don’t have a better one,” Phil shouts back then his eyes widen.  “I don’t have an answer,” he says helplessly.Clint’s anger doesn’t fizzle, it just sort of jumps in his chest, explodes, gone.  He hears himself make a frustrated noise then he slumps.  “Do you have an answer for why you didn’t tell me?” he asks and watches as Phil flinches.“Director Fury thought it would be better if the Avengers continued to believe I was - ”“Fuck the fucking Avengers,” Clint tells him, eloquently, he thinks.  “I’m not talking about them.  I’m talking about - ” me “- us.  Nat and Sitwell and all the people who, who care about you.”“You?” Phil asks, which fuck him, it’s not like he doesn’t know how Clint feels.  Felt.“Yes, me,” Clint snaps.  “We bought an apartment and then you just, you just left me there, with all this fucking space I didn’t need and your stupid comicbooks in every box I tried to unpack and I - ”  He presses the heels of his hands into his eyes and tries to pretend he’s stone.  Or better yet, to pretend he’s Natasha.“Clint,” Phil says again, and this time, Clint lets him curl a hand around Clint’s wrist, lets him hold on.  “I’m sorry.”Clint lowers his hands.  “Why though?”Phil shakes his head.  “You weren’t the only one who was lied to.  Fury told me you’d been lost to Loki.  It was the only reason I agreed to stay in Tahiti for as long as I did.”“Tahiti?” Clint asks dubiously.  SHIELD doesn’t even have the budget to send agents to recuperate in Tabasco let alone Tahiti.“It’s a magical place,” Phil says, tone going flat, and oh, something is not right here.  “Phil?” Clint asks.“I missed you every second of every day,” Phil tells him.  “I wanted to throw everything away and come find you, but Fury said you were doing fine, and what we’re doing here is important so I waited.  I’m sorry if I waited too long.”Clint wants to ask Fury said I was doing fine? because boy has Clint not been doing fine.  But he doesn’t want Phil to know that, so he stays quiet.“You waited too long,” he says instead and watches Phil’s face fall.  Fuck, Clint hates Phil’s face.  He hates how Agent Coulson never gives anything away but Phil lets people know when he’s happy or disappointed or geekily excited about something he found in Midtown Comics.Well, maybe Clint doesn’t usually hate it, but he hates it right now.He also hates Phil’s stupid blue eyes and the lines around his mouth and the beginnings of the stubble on his top lip.  He hates everything about Phil that means he’s alive and he’s been walking around not being with Clint for god, months now.Clint finally finds the strength to tear his wrist out of Phil’s hold.  He tries to ge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Pilot Episode spoilers
Makeup Sex
Coulson Lives
Desk Sex
Bus Sex

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

