Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Avengers were sitting in the common room of Avengers' Tower watching the news when Tony came storming in from somewhere. Probably the lab, but there was no way to be certain of that. "Fury lied to us."
"This is news how?" Clint asked, looking back over the top of the sofa. "Fury lies like he breathes, Tony. You get used to it after a while."
"Coulson is alive." Tony said. "There's video of him all over the internet dodging explosions and being a bad-ass super hero. What the hell is going on? And why don't you and Natasha look more freaked out, Hawkeye?"
Barton shrugged. "Nat and I are level 7, Tony," he said. "We've known since just after the battle. Fury clued me in when I get back to base, and Nat the next morning, I think."
"Why didn't you tell the rest of us?" Steve asked. "I mean, he had to have been all alone in the hospital thinking no one cared about him. We could have at least sent flowers if we couldn't have gone in to see him."
"You're not level 7," Natasha said. "It's the elite force of SHIELD. Fury's strikeforce, if you will. Not even the WSC knows about it."
"So the whole super spy thing, you really are super spies," Tony said, sitting down. "You two have seen Agent? He's really okay?"
"As okay as he can be after being stabbed through the core of his body like he was," Barton said. He didn't show it, but inside he was squirming at the thoughts running wild in his mind. He hadn't made level 7 by giving the game away. "They're still watching him, but yeah, he's fully cleared to be back in the field. Fury put him on special assignment. Somehow I think video of him online wasn't in the play."
"Probably not," Natasha agreed. "You want to call it?"
"Yeah," Clint said. "Be back in a bit, guys." He pushed up and headed towards the elevator, already pulling out his cell phone. "Director Fury."
Tony watched him go. "I can't believe you guys didn't tell us about this," he said. "I thought we were a team and told each other everything."
"We are, but we don't," Natasha said. "No matter what you think, Tony, you don't need to know everything that's happening in the world. There are still secrets to be kept that don't concern you."
"Agent is my friend," Tony said. "I'd say that concerns me."
"You would have found out eventually," Natasha pointed out. "There was nothing you could have done before this, so you didn't need to know."
Bruce looked over from the book he was reading. "That's a bit cold, Natasha," he said.
"So am I," she said. ***
Barton made sure he was secure on his floor in the room he'd set up so not even JARVIS would be able to overhear what was said in there. "Tony found the videos, Sir," he said. "He's upset."
"It was only a matter of time," Fury sighed. "I'd hoped for a little more time, Barton. What can you get me?"
"It depends on how much Tony pushes this. Rogers is upset we didn't tell him, but that's because he didn't get a chance to send flowers or let Phil know that we all care about him," Barton said. "Nat's up with them. I can leave in an hour, Sir."
Fury sighed. "They're touching down in D.C. at the landing strip there," he said. "Get on board and get me intel."
"Yes, Sir," Barton said. "How long do you want me to stay?"
"Three days. I want to know everything. I know how hard this is for you, Clint, but there's no one else I can trust to this," Fury said. "You know it's still Phil Coulson, right?"
Barton closed his eyes with a sigh. "Yes, Sir," he said. "I'm happy to have him back no matter what."
"Good. Now, go get me answers."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
LMD
OOC
Possible Spoilers
season 1 as the ideas come to me

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

