Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Summary:

Pietro sees this kid walk into his office, practically drooling over Steve's MarvelUnder ad. Not again....Short companion piece to chapter 4 of Sugar Sweet.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Pietro looked at the kid across from him. He was sure that he'd come in about their open internship position. With a backpack on and dressed in a gray Tshirt, black zip up hoodie, and red skinny jeans, he had looked like a stereotypical college student. But then he'd asked to see Steve, and he didn't have an appointment. Pietro was only slightly annoyed. Luckily he wasn’t currently busy, but this was happening at least once a week now. In general, he did not have time to waste on this. Again. 
He saw the way the kid gawked at the larger than life poster of his CEO. Steve Rogers was a good man to work for. He provided good benefits, fair pay, and generally seemed very happy to be running his company. Pietro also knew that Steve Rogers had been extremely proud of the MarvelUnder campaign, and it had nothing to do with looking like a sex god. Everyone at the company knew the story; director Sam Wilson even worked it into the new staff orientation. 
When Steve Rogers set out to start Shield almost six years ago, he had a small, and slow-but-steady roster of clients. As his company started building momentum, he managed to pitch and snag a new multi-media marketing campaign for the huge athletic apparel brand MarvelUnder. It was the biggest contract Shield had taken on, and it centered on launching their new line of underwear. 
A photo shoot had been scheduled, and everything had gone along smoothly. Rather than hire a model for the shoot, MU had insisted on a celebrity for the campaign. The movie star was already the face of their athletic-wear so it made sense to carry them over into the new line. 
MU had wanted a certain look so a photo studio was set up, as was the beach they had asked for. They were willing to pay enough to have the photo shoot on a private island, so Shield agreed. 
Steve had flown out to oversee the shoot, and nearly panicked when the movie star was an hour late. He then received a call from some agent's assistant that rather than show up for the shoot, the celebrity was ditching to go on some stupid 'cleansing detox vacation' or something. 
Story goes that Steve managed to keep his cool, despite the fact that his client was about to lose hundreds of thousands of dollars. All the equipment had been rented, not to mention the whole crew flown out to some tropical island. Steve had known that MU would be upset, or at least disappointed, and probably regret hiring a fledgling agency to handle their campaign. It would also push back the launch of their new product line, which could potentially end up costing them millions. 
So, Steve Rogers stepped up. All the equipment had already been rented and set up, and the photographers and assistants and stylists would have to be paid regardless, so he figured he had nothing to lose. He asked the stylist for underwear in his size and just went for it. He'd never modeled before, never planned to (although Pietro didn't know why), but Steve Rogers had figured that he'd art directed enough photo shoots that he might be able to make it work. 
MarvelUnder had been overjoyed. Not only had Shield saved them literally hundreds of thousands of dollars, but they thought that Steve's body looked absolutely fantastic in their underwear. They were so happy with it that he had modeled for nearly all of their underwear ads since. 
The fact that the CEO and owner of Shield was unapologetically bisexual had made him an even bigger catch for MU, since he had no issues contorting his body in an number of compromising positions with other male or female models. Rumor has it that MU ended up paying him an obscene salary too. 
That last part wasn't in Sam's welcome speech, but he'd googled his CEO before, and saw the article put out in NYC Reader of 'Top Biz Bachelors.' 
So, yes, Pietro had seen that gobsmacked look before. Most clients coming into Shield were total professionals and appreciated the artwork on the walls as successful ad campaigns, which is what they were. 
Men and women who were angling for a way to meet the single, hunky, possibly-rich CEO, came in looking at that poster like an emoji with heart eyes. 
But, he was a professional, so Pietro studied the kid and gave him an unamused, but not unkind look.




Notes:

You can  find me on tumblr, even though I don't really understand tumblr. Come talk Stucky Trash with me. 
Comments = Love
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Underwear
Companion Piece
Kissing
Touchy-Feely
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Sugar Daddy
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

