Work Text:
Stiles and Danny were already talking to Aiden in the kitchen while Pepper and Phil drank coffee off to the side, having their own conversation, when some of the others joined. Tony was the first one in, looking red-eyed but wired whereas Dr. Banner looked exhausted and rumpled as he trailed behind him. “Ah, Danny!” he said brightly, walking over to the coffee machine with a smile aimed at him. “Ready for another day of fun and law breaking?” he asked, passing the first cup to Dr. Banner before pouring another for himself. He walked over and leaned against the counter across from the three teens. 
Danny shrugged. “Yeah, hopefully we can finish up today.”
Stiles rubbed at his head. “Anything the rest of us need to do today?” he asked, ruffling his hair as he yawned. 
Tony shrugged. “I’m sure your uncle can find some more training for the guys. Especially from what I hear about your Siamese twin thing,” he said, then looked at Aiden. “Which one are you?” he asked curiously.
Aiden raised an eyebrow. “I’m Aiden.”
Tony nodded, humming into his coffee, before tilting his head. “Yeah, that means nothing to me.” He sipped his coffee. “Answer me this. Would you be more likely to watch a football game, or The Notebook?” he asked expectantly.
Stiles gaped, Pepper gasped, and Phil rolled his eyes. “Dude…” Aiden just opened and closed his mouth a few times. “Did you really just say that?” he asked, shaking his head some.
Danny slammed his hand down on the counter as he stood from the barstool, glaring across the counter at Tony. “What the hell are you trying to say, huh?”
Tony shrugged with an amused look. “Oh come on, I’m not saying it’s a bad thing! I sure as hell wouldn’t watch a football game-“
“Tony!” Pepper snapped, glaring. “Stop before you get another lawsuit-“
Aiden cut her off, eyes red as he glared at Tony. “So what, my brother being gay makes him less manly?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I never said there was anything bad about being less manly! There’s nothing wrong at all about being more cultured and well dressed!”
Bruce groaned. “Tony, he’s going to eat you,” he warned and Tony turned to throw a look over his shoulder.
“Oh come on, Brucie,” He started to turn back to the others. “Nothing wrong with being a softer, more emotional and gentle guy-“ SMACK!
“TONY!” Pepper cried and Stiles and Aiden both jumped so hard they nearly fell over when Tony stumbled back, hitting the island to catch himself. He stood straight and gaped, hand over his bloody nose as he stared in shock.
Danny just shook out his fist, cheeks flushed with anger and a slight amount of smugness. “Did that feel ‘gentle’, asshole?” he asked, sliding back into his seat as if he hadn’t just punched someone in the face.
Stiles couldn’t help it. He burst into giggles, slapping a hand over his mouth as he struggled to not slip out of his seat. “Oh God, that was AMAZING!” he praised, then looked up to see Phil clearly biting back his own laughter. Pepper looked shocked still, as did Bruce, but Aiden just raised an eyebrow at Danny, who looked like nothing had happened.
“I’m really glad we didn’t kill you, Danny,” he said, then turned a bright smile to Tony. “Talk shit about Ethan again, I dare you.”
“What the hell is going on in here?!” Everybody turned to see Barton, Rogers, and Romanov bringing in the others. Lydia put her hands on her hips and glared at Aiden. “Aiden, did you hit him?!” she demanded.
Bruce chuckled, looking at Tony’s nose as Tony kept wiping at his nose with a cloth from beneath the sink. “No, that was all Mr. Mahealani,” he said, glancing over at the three sitting at the bar. 
Most of them looked shocked, Ethan looked worried as he hurried over and slid up beside Danny, but Jackson just smirked. “You made a gay joke, huh?” he asked, tossing Danny a knowing look.
Allison turned to Danny. “Danny, you hit him?!” she asked, sounding shocked.
Stiles cackled. “Dude, you didn’t go to our middle school. Danny used to kick people’s asses when he first came out and they said shit to him.”
Jackson nodded. “Oh yeah, I was worried I’d have to defend my best friend against homophobes, but instead I just had to help him hide so a teacher didn’t suspend him. He broke Greenberg’s jaw in eighth grade,” he said, and Stiles nodded.
“I remember that!”
Lydia just frowned. “I don’t remember any of that. Wow. Danny, you seem so non-violent!”
Danny rolled his eyes. “Ninth grade I made first string goalie on the varsity team, nobody was going to talk smack to one of the biggest jocks in the school, now were they? You didn’t hang out with us in middle school, so I’m not surprised.” He nodded at Jackson. “Now that you’re gone, I’m pretty much their God,” he said with a smirk. “Even if Scott’s the captain, they all think he’s weird.”
Stiles sighed and raised a hand. “That’s mostly my fault,” he admitted and Jackson rolled his eyes.
“Of course it is.”
Ethan frowned and turned an angry look at Stark. “Wait, what were you saying about me?” he asked, tuc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ethan/Danny Mahealani
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Ethan/Danny Mahealani
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

