Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry Potter was eight years old, and he had a wonderful secret. 
Harry had a lot of secrets: that his hair, even when freshly cut, grew so fast it was always unruly the next morning...or that sometimes he seemed to make things happen without meaning to...or that he swore sometimes he could understand what snakes were thinking.
But this was the best secret, especially because it involved doing something that was Against The Rules, and any eight-year-old knows that Against The Rules is more fun than anything.
It had to do with the house on the corner, and the Sandust Books shop on High Street.
Sandust Books was the shop that he and Dudley were never allowed to go into, the one that Aunt Petunia always dragged them past with a tightly-set frown on her face and her considerable jaw jutting out. It was strange, too, because it wasn't like Woman's Intuition, the bookshop a few doors down. All the children were banned from that bookshop, but nobody else was forbidden to go to Sandust Books. 
Dudley didn't like books, and so didn't care, but Harry had once stopped to press his nose to the glass of the front display and seen all sorts of wonderful, colourful books in it, and instantly his heart was set.
He had to get into Sandust Books. 
Perhaps he and Dudley weren't allowed in because, it was rumoured, the bookshop belonged to the strange man who lived on the corner of Privet Drive, the only one on the whole block who didn't own a car or have gnomes in his front yard. Instead his yard was overgrown with rows of strange herbs, and he owned -- this was the most brilliant part -- he owned a motorbike. 
Harry didn't see why sharing a street with strange Mr. Black should mean he couldn't go into the bookshop. After all, nobody actually knew that he owned it, and he had it on good authority that the shop itself was mostly run by another man named Moony. Harry reasoned that anyone named Moony could hardly be a bad person. And he'd often seen a great black dog lazing on the doorstep, its coat dark and sleek in the afternoon sun. It had a collar that read "Padfoot" and all the children said it was a brilliant smart dog who would fetch books if Moony told him to, or do tricks or watch little children while their parents browsed.
Harry thought Sandust Books might just be the best place on Earth, especially since it was Forbidden. 
So today he'd crept away from Aunt Petunia while she was doing some shopping -- knowing that, having met one of her friends in the market, she could gossip for hours -- and sidled along the alley next to the bookshop, and peeped in the back door. 
Inside it was dim, but he could see shelves and shelves of books crammed together, and tables, and large wing-chairs. 
And two giant glowing yellow eyes.
He yelped and tumbled backwards, and saw teeth flash -- 
The enormous black dog, Padfoot, was gripping him by the shirt with his teeth, preventing him from tumbling off the back step. The dog gave a little growl and tugged him forward, and Harry realised Padfoot probably didn't want to eat him.
Probably.
Once he was inside, the dog let him go, and he put his hand on one of the tables for balance, pulling his shirt straight. The dog whined, almost apologetically, and nudged him with his nose.
"Padfoot, what are you doing back here? I thought I heard someone -- "
Harry looked up as a tall, well-dressed man appeared, towering over him. He was thin, with a strange face and brown hair; Harry thought he looked older than he really was, somehow. At the moment he was frowning, perplexed. Padfoot whined again and moved to stand behind the tall man's legs, staring up at him.
"Pads, what did you do?" the man asked quietly, entirely as if the dog could answer. 
"He caught me," Harry said. "Don't hit him."
"Hit him?" The man asked. "I'd as soon hit a child. Caught you from what?"
"Falling," Harry said, gesturing to the back step, then to his shirt, which was stretched slightly. "I got scared...he was just guard-dogging."
"Yes, well, I'll deal with Padfoot later. Are you all right?" the tall man asked. Harry nodded. "Not scared, are you?"
"Course not," Harry said scornfully. Padfoot slunk out from behind the man's legs and nudged him again. "Hey, stop that!"
"I think he likes you, Harry," the man said with a smile. 
"How'd you know my name?" Harry asked curiously. 
"That's not important. My name's Moony," he said, holding out his hand. Harry took it, feeling very grown up.
"I know. Everyone talks about you."
Moony smiled. "Does your aunt know you're here?"
"How do you know -- "
The man waved a hand. "That doesn't matter."
"She's in the market. She won't be done for hours," Harry said expressively. Padfoot nosed under his hand, begging to be petted, and he skritched behind his ears. 
"You'd best come in now, it can't be helped," Moony said with a sigh. Harry wasn't sure he understood, but he followed Moony through the shelves to the front of the store. Padfoot followed too, head nuzzling unde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Series
Found Family

fandom: 
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin

