Work Text:
Danny knocked on the door and walked into the room Stiles had appropriated after it became clear they would be there for more than one night. Stark had extra apartments with multiple rooms, he just hadn’t had them ready the first night. Now, however, most of them were on their own and sharing apartments, not beds. When he got inside, he wasn’t shocked to see Stiles lying face down on his bed, still fully dressed. “Derek, I will kill you-“
“Not that asshole,” Danny said and Stiles lifted his head, giving Danny a forlorn pout. Danny sighed and walked over, hopping onto the bed beside Stiles. “Come on. Like I was gonna let you just walk off from that.”
Stiles huffed. “Why are you so nice?” he whined, then sat up, falling back against the headboard, puling one of the pillows into his arms. “I should’ve never yelled at Derek in front of Ethan. You’re good at staying quiet but literally not a single other person I know is,” he said and Danny smiled sadly.
“Well, the good news is the only one who worked it out was Aiden. The rest are really that stupid,” he said and Stiles grinned.
“Poor bastards,” he said, then let his head fall against the wall. “So. Lemme guess. You want to talk about it.”
Danny leaned against the headboard beside him and shrugged. “Only if you want to. Just seems like you could use a buddy.”
Stiles hesitated then leaned his head over against Danny’s shoulder. “Everybody sucks,” he whined and Danny chuckled.
“Sadly that’s just being a teenager. A couple years left of it and we’re home free,” he comforted and Stiles grunted.
“Derek isn’t a teenager,” he mumbled darkly and Danny hummed.
“I dunno, he sure acts like one. Hangs out with them. Has the attitude of one-“
Stiles interrupted him with a sigh. “Because he fucking is,” he mumbled. “Derek has the mentality of a sixteen year old. He is so messed up I can’t even hate him like I should be able to.”
Danny took a breath to get his bearings, then nodded. “Okay, let’s start from the beginning.” He looked at Stiles. “You slept with Derek Hale?!”
Stiles chuckled weakly, sitting up some. “Trust me, I’m just as surprised as you are.” 
Danny snorted. “Well, I for one cannot blame you. That man is like walking porn,” he said and Stiles nodded. “Okay, so how did that even become a possibility?”
“Well it started really over the summer,” he said softly, looking thoughtful. “See, we kind of saved each other’s lives back and forth some last semester so there’s a bit of trust that forms with that. Even if I knew better than trust him, I knew he’d saved my life a few times so it wasn’t like I could forget that.” He shrugged. “Scott was on his ‘road to self-discovery’ all summer and Erica and Boyd were missing, so all Derek had was Isaac. And he didn’t want Isaac to tell Scott anything so he came to me with questions. He knew I wouldn’t want to bother Scott.” He shrugged. “It wasn’t anything I could put together to get a picture, so I didn’t ask questions. But still, it involved us spending a few hours together every couple of weeks.” He smiled sadly. “He’d talk some. Not much. But I got to know him at least a little, you know?”
Danny nodded. “Okay, so I can see how you would like him. You take care of things and people, you want to make things okay. He was alone, you were a little lonely too, and you got to know each other… how did that equal sex?!” he asked incredulously.
Stiles huffed and rolled his eyes. “Oh my God, dude, unless Ethan has told you the stories, shit this year was all crazy. I didn’t even know I liked Derek until we thought he was dead and I was really upset over it.” He smiled sadly. “But Scott was hurt and I was focusing on that, then by the time we realized Derek was alive, we found out because Isaac walked in on him having sex with our fucking teacher,” he said and Danny gaped.
“What?! He was presumed dead and he was really getting laid?”
Stiles scoffed. “No! He was healing from near-death and getting laid. Didn’t bother calling Isaac or anything.”
Danny whistled. “Wow, that bitch,” he said and Stiles chuckled sadly.
“Worst part is, it wasn’t his fault.” He tilted his head. “You know the whole ‘she was evil’ thing?” Danny nodded. “Well, I was pissed at the time because I didn’t know the whole story, but basically Derek is really easily manipulated,” he said softly, looking down at his lap. “It’s not like him to do something casual like that, but she knew how to use him. She slept with him to keep him from calling us because she was trying to kill Scott, Boyd, and Ethan. He was hurt and scared and she used ‘sex as comfort’ to stop him from interrupting her plans. And Derek is so used to being either alone or guilty that anybody showing him any sort of affection is a distraction.”
Danny cringed. “God, his life sucks, huh?” he asked, then looked at Stiles. “Still doesn’t explain how he went from screwing the evil chick to you having sex with him.”
Stiles covered his face for a second, then rubbed his eyes. “Okay, I’m not going to gi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ethan/Danny Mahealani
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Crossover

fandom: 
Ethan/Danny Mahealani
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

