Work Text:
Every morning, when Tony shuffled from the kitchen with his coffee cup clasped to his chest, he took a detour to pass Steve's bedroom, just in case. Usually, the door stood open to reveal a neatly made bed and a bright, disappointingly empty room, because Steve was a busy man. On those days, Tony would give the room a mournful look and carry his coffee back to his room to continue the painful waking-up process.Today being Sunday, when even very busy men had fewer demands on their time, Steve sat cross-legged in the middle of his (neatly made) bed, reading a book. With the sunshine lighting up his hair and the white sheets and pale wood floor, the whole scene looked like an advertising spread out of Better Homes and Gardens. Steve managed to make even sweatpants and t-shirt look devastating; unfair when Tony was wearing the same and looked like a hobo. Probably the book was something improving as well.Tony smoothed his terry robe in an attempt to look slightly less disreputable before he realised it was hopeless, and just slumped against the doorframe, taking a slurp of his coffee. The rich flavour clashed vilely with the mint of his toothpaste; Steve looked up in time to catch the face he made, and smiled. He had the smugly virtuous air of a man who got up at seven on a Sunday, went for a run, took a shower, and ate a balanced and nutritious breakfast. It made Tony very conscious of the fact he was scruffy and dishevelled and probably looked like the daylight was hurting him; but despite all that Steve looked pleased to see him.Tony ambled towards the inviting smile, and made the effort to not just fall over into Steve's lap. He sat down next to him instead, and Steve put an arm round his waist and kissed his cheek."I haven't shaved," Tony said apologetically; he should shave before trying to see Steve, but shaving before coffee tended to end in blood, and if he went back to his room to shave and then came out again just to walk past Steve's door it would look obvious and rather foolish. He lived with Steve, after all. They were dating. He didn't need to manufacture meetings with him.Steve kissed him again, rasping against the grain of his stubble, and Tony shivered."I think it's kind of sexy," Steve murmured, which was nice of him. A gentle bite on the tender spot under his jaw, and Tony waved his coffee cup in the direction of the nightstand; Steve took it from his hand and Tony lost interest in it, focusing on snuggling closer. He should probably try and say something intelligent or charming, but it was early and Steve smelled distractingly good. A surreptitious glance around offered no conversation starters; he couldn't quite make out the title of the book, there was nothing new to say about the photo of Steve and Bucky that sat on the dresser, Steve's shield was still Steve's shield. There really wasn't much of interest in Steve's bedroom, apart from the man himself, who was trailing kisses down Tony's neck, which was very interesting and made Tony feel slightly liquid in the knee area.A tiny moan slipped out as Steve nibbled gently. He tipped his head to allow Steve's mouth better access, and stared vaguely at the blank wall and plain white curtains. Featureless, that's what they were. Didn't Steve find it dull? Maybe Tony should buy him a picture to hang."Why are you glaring at my curtains like that?" Steve sounded exasperated, and the nibbling had stopped; Tony blinked at him."I, uh. I. Bright light?" he tried, and Steve's smile returned, fond."You're such a disaster in the mornings." He stood to pull the curtains, and Tony prudently re-belted his robe, which Steve had managed to open without him noticing. Steve knelt in front of him and took his hands. "Better?""Much." Tony squeezed his hands. "Do you like your curtains?""They're curtains." Steve's eyebrows arched. "I don't really have feelings about them either way.""Just, if you don't like them we can get you some different ones," he said earnestly. Steve grinned at him as if he were talking nonsense, but really, the curtains were just symptomatic of the fact Steve didn't have enough awesome stuff in his life, and he didn't even seem to mind. Steve shouldn't have to settle for inferior curtains. "Any kind you like.""Okay, Tony. I'll bear that in mind." He scuffled forward on his knees, fitting himself between Tony's legs, and Tony let go of his hands in favour of wrapping his arms around Steve's shoulders and kissing him.Steve's kisses always felt happy; a silly way to describe a kiss, but nothing else quite covered the way he made snuffling noises and tried to tug Tony even closer, and the way he didn't just close his eyes, he scrunched them up tight like he was concentrating really hard on the kisses. Steve had other noises, too, when Tony nibbled at his lip or sucked on his tongue, deeper, growly noises that reverberated through Tony's chest and down his spine and made him want to spread his legs wider, urge Steve closer.Instead of d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

