Work Text:
Thor avoided going down to the cell for a long time.
There were a lot of reasons for that. He didn’t want to see Loki locked in an Asgardian prison cell, because it would bring home how wrong everything was. He didn’t want to try to talk to Loki, because he knew it would just end poorly. He didn’t want to know what words his brother would throw in his face, didn’t want to listen to him spit and hiss like a feral cat, didn’t want to see the mad gleam in those eyes that Thor had been so certain he knew better than his own.
In the end, though, he went just the same.
“Ah, well. See who it is. What could the golden prince of Asgard want with her most notorious traitor?”
The worst thing, Thor thought sometimes, was that it was still Loki’s voice. Still just the same tone he’d heard, over and over, teasing and playful and knife sharp. Only now there was a darkness behind it; now that knife’s edge was turned on him. He took a deep breath and let it out. “I wish to speak with my brother in private,” he said to the guards, not directly meeting Loki’s eyes.
“Are you certain that is wise, my prince?” One of them asked, though he sounded cautious about posing the question. Thor gestured to the hammer at his belt.
“I think Mjolnir and I equal to any trouble Loki might try to cause,” he said, evenly, and heard Loki snicker.
“It’s reassuring to know you haven’t progressed beyond solving your problems by hitting them,” he said, caustically, but Thor didn’t react to that either, and after a moment the guard nodded and they both retreated. Thor waited until they were gone to look properly at Loki, who had slunk up from the back of his cell to stand near the front barrier, the shimmer of its magic distorting his features.
“Are you well?” he asked, ignoring both his previous remarks, and Loki threw back his head and laughed.
“Well? Of course, my prince. I am locked in a cage in the bowels of a realm I loathe, bored out of my mind, and now I am plagued with your presence. I have never been happier.”
Thor sighed. “If you wish me to bring something to ease your boredom…”
“Please,” Loki said, and smiled, looking down his nose at Thor. “I’m curious to see what sort of cosseting presents you think will soothe the savage beast.”
Thor felt his mouth twist and the urge to snap rise, anything from you are not a beast to would you spit on every offer of help or just mine? and swallowed all of the possible responses in favor of taking a step closer to the magical barrier. “I am…sorry I did not come before now.”
“Better to be sorry that you came at all.” Loki’s voice cracked like a whip, and Thor felt his exasperation surge again.
“If you are so bored, I would think any company would be welcome.”
“I would prefer the company of a berserk troll to yours,” Loki said, with a cruel little smile. “Though I suppose ultimately there is not much difference.”
“Loki,” Thor started to growl, and reigned in his temper, forcibly. He reached out, finally, and touched the barrier. After a brief tingle against his palm, it opened to let him through. Thor saw Loki eying the opening and moved swiftly through, though he knew the magic wouldn’t let Loki slip out. When he stepped fully into the cell Loki moved back, like he didn’t want to be too close. “I didn’t come here to listen to your needling words,” he said, firmly 
“No? If it was for the pleasure of my company…”
“I wish an explanation,” Thor said, not quite harshly, and Loki’s eyebrows rose.
“I thought I had given you one already. You and all the court. The All-Father seemed to find it satisfying enough – or is it so inconceivable that I might have ambitions of my own, removed from your glorious self?” Loki’s smile was sharp and smug and Thor hated it, wanted to reach out and shake it from his face and wring the truth from his brother by force.
“That is not what I meant. Midgard or not, I feel – I feel I have missed something, still.” Thor took a step forward, and Loki took a matching step back. “Tell me what it is that has so poisoned your heart.”
“I thought I made that clear as well,” Loki said, his smile twisting strangely toward something else. “That my imagined slights are not sufficient for you is your failing, not mine.”
Thor had, many times, resented Loki’s ability to remember exactly what words Thor might have said in a moment’s thoughtlessness and throw them back in his teeth. “I cannot be the only one,” he said, keeping his voice even, “who remembers love, and friendship, and loyalty between us, and not only strife.”
“Or perhaps you remember what is not there.” Loki’s eyes were mirthless despite the smile still on his lips. “You were ever practised at seeing only what you wanted to see.” Thor gritted his teeth and tightened his jaw, irritation rising.
“Must I remind you of specific instances when we fought side by side as equals, as brothers-”
“Ah,” Loki said, his voice lowering, “I was wondering when you would invoke that word. You seem to think it holds so much power, even as it is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Prison Sex
Anal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
like a lot of it
Sub Loki
Dom/sub
(Ish) - Freeform
guilty pleasure fic
Fingerfucking
Multiple Orgasms
Pseudo-Incest
Mildly Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Post-Avengers Asgard
Loki's a goddamn mess
gotta love tumblr enablers
I am only a little ashamed
baby's first thorki
Spanking
Biting
First Time

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

