Work Text:
”Sir, are you sure you should be working this late into the night?” A soft, simple tone rumbled through the air, crisp and clean-cut of a british accept, barely lacing against the edges of the otherwise simple words. He was referring to his creator, working hunched-over the metal desk within the cold lab. The lights were dimmed, and it was obvious at the pure lateness of the night. Most of the staff had retired to their personal rooms within the tower, and only the equivalent of janitors roamed around the halls, cleaning acid stains and otherwise being the night-owls of the building. All save for Tony. “….I do not believe it is good for your health to get such little sleep. You realize you’ve only slept a total of 8 hours in the last two days?” Jarvis was merely pointing out facts, but the light concern was more than evident in his words as they shimmered around Tony. He ran the numbers again in his mainframe, curious what happens to a human with such little sleep to go on. Well now. Certainly not good things, he quickly learned. With another sound, the AI was about to speak again, but it seemed obvious that most of his words would be ignored. He merely watched on for the time being. Tony continued to work. He was on the verge of figuring out a new schematic for an arc reactor prototype. What Jarvis said was true, but he couldn’t sleep. Instead he was intent on pouring out his energy on this pointless project. He replies after a long period of silence, in which all that can be heard is the scratch of his mechanical pencil on the thin paper he uses for drawing things such as this. He has given up on it for the night, but he doesn’t want Jarvis to know that. He doesn’t want the AI system to be right about him. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’re worrying about me.” Jarvis is silent for a few moments from the simple reply. He can hear the smallest bit of amusement in Tony’s voice, and that alone is what holds him from speaking at first. Instead, had he been human, the AI is sure he would have given a long and winded sigh to the air, but as he is merely an AI, there is nothing but a gentle shimmer of programming through his system to emulate the human act. So, taking matters in his own hands (words were long past being useful, Jarvis knew), one of the floor panels beside Tony’s foot opened, allowing the thin metal cord of an appendage to snake out of it, it rose to Tony’s shoulder, quickly wrapping around his torso with a gentle grip and trying to pull him back. “Sir, please do try to understand,” The AI spoke almost tonelessly, caring little that the numerous sets of thin and thick cording sheathed beneath the intricate floor paneling were only in use of Tony’s multitude of MK armor, both to keep it suspended and to provide a number of resistance tests. But Jarvis cared little. He had control of most all of them, and at the moment he was merely focused on getting his creator away from the work, at least for a couple hours. Though Tony finds it too amusing that Jarvis sighs, in his own way, he continues to work, mainly just sketching over the same lies as before. When he feels something on his shoulder, Tony raised a hand to swat at the cord before realizing another was twisting around his waist. “Jarvis… What do you think you’re doing?” Tony lets out an audible sigh. “I need to finish this. It’s important. It could improve life as we know it.” He knows that Jarvis is smarter than that, that he knows it’s just a small improvement on its current placeholder. “I can sleep later, or something.” It seemed for a moment that Jarvis was about ready to give up on trying. Tony was always so very intent on destroying his own health, whether that was the point or not. At every turn of life, he always chose the road that hurt him the most, as long as he got what lay on the end. Jarvis hated it, very intently actually. Tony was his creator, and in all sense of human emotions, his only friend. It greatly displeased him to think that Tony could do himself in one day.So the cord merely tightened around the man’s torso, the soft, round end of the metallic length gently rubbing against the back of Tony’s neck in simple attempt to sooth any further arguments. “I’m greatly sorry sir, but no. I cannot allow you to continue to work tonight.” The words surprised the AI; he had never before disobeyed anything that Tony said or did, never in his entire existence. But it caused an odd, but pleasant flare of….something in his systems. He continued to pull Tony back and away from his work, soon deciding that another thin wire would be needed, as the man was more than able to pull away from one if he truly fought against it. So a second snaked out from the floor in the same fashion as the first, though it wrapped around the man’s hips snugly. “It is for your own good, sir.” ”For my own good? Are you malfunctioning?” Tony frowns, grabbing on to the second cord as it wrapped itself around his waist. He glances at his compu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omegle Roleplay
Dom!JARVIS
Sub!Tony
Tentacle Sex
Fluff
Dirty Talk
Shameless Smut

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

