Chapter 1





Chapter Text
T'Challa saw the black motorcycle again. There was something about it that was so familiar, a niggling sensation that wouldn’t leave him, though he couldn’t put his finger on what it was. It annoyed him. He had seen the bike two days ago, on the side of the road, but he was in a hurry then, and needed to get moving. Not this time.The motorcycle was parked in front of the Eagle Palace Hotel, where T'Challa had just finished a meeting, so it must belong to a visitor. That made it all the more alarming that it should have been on the side of the road before because it was a wonderful machine. Sleek, not a line out of place, nor a single bolt, it was a little dusty—impossible to avoid in Nakuru—but beautiful nonetheless.T'Challa got closer to it. Maybe if he studied it longer he would be able to name what he found so familiar. The motorcycle must've been expensive, that much was clear, but it had no brand name or symbol on it to help T'Challa in any way. It was uncommon, indeed, but it still didn't offer any solutions to his dilemma.What was it about this motorcycle that teased at T'Challa memory?Then it hit him as he was stoking the side of it. The design. It was similar to their skycycles. T'Challa was seeing the aerodynamic lines, the extra space for the propulsion mechanism, the slot for the wheels... How was it possible? T'Challa would have known if flying motorcycles had become the norm.Someone was coming."At least you're gentle," a voice teased in English.Teela, who had already turned to face the newcomer, blinked. Her reaction made T'Challa look in the man's direction, and immediately felt a swoop in his belly. The man was handsome.Obviously to the white side of the spectrum, his skin had darkened considerably under the sun's harsh glare, though T'Challa didn't know if the sun could be blamed for the man's caramel-colored hair. It was close-cropped, a little grey peaking at the temples, though the man looked only a little older than T'Challa himself. Added to that was a full, short beard, trimmed and obviously well taken care of, and the most beautiful pair of amber eyes. T'Challa felt a shiver go down his spine."I always try to be," T'Challa replied. "Yours?"The man's expression turned pleased, and he grinned. "Oh, good, you speak English. I thought I'd missed my dramatic entrance." He smirked briefly, and T'Challa had a feeling he knew him. Damn it, first the motorcycle, now its owner! "And yes, it's mine. You like her?""Yes, I do," T'Challa confirmed. "But it's curious." His attention was back on the motorcycle, to better ignore the temptation.The man made a questioning sound in the back of his throat. "What's that, Gorgeous?"T'Challa glanced at him. The man either didn't know where he was, or he didn't care. T'Challa was surprised to find the man grinning back unashamedly. Apparently, he did not see a reason to censor himself."I wasn't aware that flying vehicles such as this were the norm," T'Challa said, choosing to ignore second part of the question.The man's eyes narrowed for a fraction of a second, but a smirk continued to play on his lips, and T'Challa had seen that smirk before!Bringing a hand up to his chest dramatically, the man said mockingly, "You wound me.""How so?""The norm?! I never," the man answered, laughter twinning through his tone. T'Challa felt himself smile briefly. "You built her yourself then?""I maaaay have," the man said exaggeratedly. "But if I did is for me to know, and you to tell me why you assumed that it flew.""I'm familiar with the design," T'Challa admitted. There were plenty of people that knew he was the Prince of Wakanda, there was no point in secrecy.However, T'Challa was going to keep his name away from the stranger for as long as possible."See? I personally think that's much more interesting," the man volunteered. "And you're such a chill dude that you're going to tell me more, aren't you?"Teela took a step forward, instantly gaining the man's attention."Woa, your sister just turned into G.I. Jane." The man lowered his voice in a whisper. "Something tells me it's the 'dude,' unless she gets weirdly possessive about your designs. Frankly, I'd understand that too. But. My money is on there being more than meets the eye where you're concerned."Teela's eyelashes lowered in dismay, but she didn't take her eyes off the man, watching him more wearily."T'Challa." Smiling, T'Challa gestured to Teela, and said, "Teela.""Eduardo," the man—Eduardo—offered. "Ah. It makes sense now. You're Wakandan.""You're not Italian," T'Challa shot back.Eduardo laughed. "I'm half. But I grew up in the States.""Long way from home," T'Challa shot back. "Is there any reason why you crossed continents?"Eduardo shrugged. "No."T'Challa waited."I've run out of fucks to give," Eduardo added.  "How about you?""I'm here on business," T'Challa said, with a final pat on the bike."It's growing, I'm sure," Eduardo purred, making T'Challa blink, disoriented.Eduardo was... bewi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
(past) Ororo Munroe/T'Challa
(Past) Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
POV T'Challa (Marvel)
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
world building
Wakanda
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Additional Warnings Apply
Not Natasha Friendly
Post-Iron Man 3
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
(past) Ororo Munroe/T'Challa
(Past) Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

