Work Text:
After easily the worst night of Stiles’s time in New York – including the night he got kidnapped to begin with – Stiles was not excited about working with Danny and Stark to get to the bottom of their problem, so the news that Tony had discovered something was definitely good news…
Until they got it. 
“So, Agent, who do we know in Paso Robles?” Tony asked, plopping down at the table across from Phil. 
However, before Phil could reply, both Allison and Scott both choked on their food and drinks respectively, panicked looks crossing their faces. “Paso Robles?!” Scott asked, looking horrified.
Tony nodded. “Yep. A retirement home specifically. Something about the ‘healing waters’-“
Stiles went cold and turned to look at Scott and Allison, only to begin to shake when neither of them would meet his eyes. “What. The. Hell?!” he demanded, panic rising. “What do you know? Scott?! Scott, tell me what you know-“
Allison shook her head. “Stiles, it’s not his fault. Me and my dad made him swear-“
“RETIREMENT HOME?!” Stiles snarled, startling everyone, it seemed, apart from Phil, who put a hand on his shoulder. “He’s in a freaking retirement home?!” he demanded, then sat back heavily, grabbing at his shirt. “Shit, I can’t- I can’t-“
“Stiles?!”
“What’s going on-“
Lydia stood up. “Shut up, all of you,” she demanded, then walked around the table to pull Stiles’s chair back. “Stiles, Stiles breathe with me, okay?” She knelt down and put her hands on his knees, looking up into his eyes. “Breathe.” She nodded as he struggled to breathe with her. “That’s okay, in and out.”
“I- I can’t-“ Stiles let out a broken sound. “I can’t-“
“Yeah you can, buddy.” Everyone was surprised when Stark circled the table and squatted down beside Lydia. He didn’t touch Stiles, but he looked him in the eyes, a dark shadow of pain in his own eyes. “Just breathe okay? You can totally breathe. See? You’re breathing.”
“Hurts,” Stiles choked out and Tony nodded.
“Yeah I know, but it’ll be better,” he promised. “But you know what, you can breathe. You can do it. It’ll stop hurting if you just breathe in and out. Just like you’re doing.”
Lydia and Stark both stayed right there until Stiles finally started to breathe evenly and stopped swaying in his seat. Lydia smiled when Stiles’s eyes finally started to clear and she winked. “Nice try, Stiles. I’m not kissing you again,” she said and Stiles managed a weak laugh. She patted his thigh then stood up, putting an arm around his shoulders. “Now, what the hell was that?” she demanded of Allison and Scott in turn. She rubbed at Stiles’s hair as he leaned his forehead against her side. “The only time I’ve seen Stiles have a panic attack was when he thought his dad was going to die. What the hell is in Paso Robles?”
Allison and Scott exchanged guilty glances before Allison looked up. “Gerard.”
It was clear that only Lydia, Jackson, Derek, and Isaac even knew what was going on by the way they reacted. Jackson paled with fear growing in his eyes, Derek looked enraged, and Isaac just shrank in on himself some. “Wait, Torture Me, Grandpa is still alive?!” Everybody stopped for a moment and Stiles lifted his head from Lydia’s side, giving Isaac a strange look. Isaac cringed. “Yeah… that didn’t come out the way I thought it would.”
Stiles actually managed a weak laugh. “Oh God, that was the grossest thing I’ve ever heard!” he wheezed, then sobered some, turning his eyes to Scott. “Scott… why?” he asked sadly. “Why didn’t you tell me-“
“Why is he alive?!” Jackson demanded. He shook his head. “I thought he was dead for sure. He- he should be dead-“
Derek growled dangerously, eyes on Allison. “He tortured my betas. He tortured them and then let them go so they would be bait and then she died-“
Phil interrupted, his eyes on Stiles. “Gerard is the person who tortured you,” he said and Stiles nodded, swallowing hard. 
Tony walked around the table, shaking his head. “I don’t get it. Why would he be hacking into SHIELD files looking for Phil?” He gestured to his tablet on the table where he had left it. “That’s what he did. This person was going for Phil’s files the same time these two were.”
Clint sat up. “What is he? Mercenary?”
Allison shook her head. “Hunter. Only a hunter. After my aunt was killed he went crazy and wanted to kill all werewolves, not just evil ones-“
“No,” Derek said weakly. He looked up. “It wasn’t after that. He’s always been like that. He’s the one who started everything. He killed his own hunters to make it look like the werewolves attacked during a peace meeting and then he killed them all and declared open season. It was at a gathering of alphas-“
Stiles interrupted. “Derek’s mother was the ultimate alpha,” he explained. “Think of Pepper levels of leadership qualities,” he said to Tony. “With unimaginable alpha powers and strength,” he said to Ethan and Aiden. “And the level headedness of someone like Phil only even more,” he said to Clint. “I know I got biased information from both my sour
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Ethan/Danny Mahealani

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Crossover

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Ethan/Danny Mahealani

