Work Text:
After Ultron the avengers had moved to the compound and Tony had all but quit the superhero game. He still had his suits and updated them often or built new ones. The avengers didn’t even contact him anymore and somehow that hurt a lot because he had thought they were friends. Tony had tried to call twice but each time Steve had been too busy to talk to him. Rhodey at least stayed in contact and Tony found himself thankful for his long time friend. Alone in the tower Tony realized that he could finally do what he wanted. No one was there to be offended by how he wanted to be in his own house. With a grin Tony rushed to his penthouse to get what he wanted.
So this was how Tony Stark, superhero, iron man, and the man with horrible impulses found himself standing in the common room's living room a cup coffee half way to his lips frozen as Loki stared at him.
“Well shit, can we please forget you saw this and you just kill me after I change my clothes?” He asked with wishful thinking.
Tony was many things but among them was a dark secret of being a secret fanboy of several super-villains. Steve would be so disappointed and Pepper would probably kill him with her heels if she knew. So in his secret desire to drool over and fanboy over some villains along with his own perversion of loving to wear sexy women’s lingerie he found himself dressed to his heart’s desire of fanboying over Loki.
The god stood there eyes dilated and licking his lips as he looked over the corset top in his colors, the sexy lace panties in black with green that matched the top spiked heeled boots, and a fashionable golden crown with small horns like Loki’s helmet.
“You’re wearing my colors.”
Tony studied the god a moment willing his racing heart that told him he should kneel for the god to calm long enough for him to either die with grace or pray to whatever god he didn’t believe in that the avengers never found his body.
“Well I’m kind of a fan boy and you’re smoking hot and smart as hell to the point I would kneel before you if I could just poke that beautiful brain of yours for even a moment…damn brain to mouth filter why don’t you exist?” He cursed himself realizing he was telling Thor’s insane little brother he had a boner for him.
“Fan boy?” Loki said stepping closer his armor and staff vanishing.
“Ah yeah…”
“You’d kneel before me?”
Tony felt his heart race as he nodded.
“What would you do for me on your knees?” Loki asked lust dripping from his voice as he licked his lips.
“Fuck, anything you want.” Tony answered dropping to his knees in front of the god.
“Good, I have a very long list of what I want from you my dear.” Loki said grabbing the mortal’s head and pressing him to his crotch where a very impressive piece was waiting for his attention.
Tony was certain he would die but he was going to enjoy the path that led to his grave.
 
~
 
2
 
Tony probably should have taken the random appearance of Loki as a sign that he shouldn’t go around fanboying or stark naked(pun fully intended) but he was Tony Stark and he did what he wanted. So that was how he found himself another day doing what he wanted and in the common room again naked staring down the winter soldier. His dick showed his attention within moments and he looked down before meeting the soldier’s eyes.
“Well fuck, can you just ignore the fact that I find you ridiculously hot as hell and just let me put on some clothes before you kill me?”
The soldier looked down at his hard cock and began removing his gear.
“Ah soldier?”
The soldier closed the distance between them and grabbed his hair to pull his head back and seal his lips with his own. The kiss was deep and passionate and shut off Tony’s brain for the two hours the solider had him in any and every position he wanted him in.
When he woke up still alive, alone, and unable to walk Tony wondered if he just attracted villains. Not that Bucky Barnes was a villain but he wasn’t exactly a good guy with all the winter soldier programming in his head. The pain in his lower back was a familiar one and he sighed content with the fact the soldier had used him for his own desires before leaving. He should probably wonder why the soldier was even there but he was to happy to at the moment.
 
~
 
3
 
Tony decided he wanted pie and it had been years since he’d baked anything. While most believed he couldn’t cook to save his life the reality was he was actually really good at baking. He had just pulled a pie out of the oven when he turned to find his tower had an unexpected visitor. That wasn’t the worst part though as Tony was naked other than the apron that didn’t leave much to the imagination. Yes he still went around naked, it was his house and no sudden arrival of villains was changing that.
“So before you kill me can we please sit down and eat this pie? It would be a shame for it to go to waste.”
Magneto knowing his suit was useless to him actually sat down with him not commenting on his lack of clothes. He saw the mutant’s e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Victor Von Doom
Tony Stark & Magneto
Tony Stark & Mystique

freeform: 
Nudity
Tony Stark-centric
Crossdressing
Blow Jobs
Crack Treated Seriously
Sleepy Cuddles
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Victor Von Doom
Tony Stark & Magneto
Tony Stark & Mystique

