Chapter 1: Meeting
    




Chapter Text
Pepper left him for good on a warm summer's evening. The very next day every single TV network was carrying pictures of her kissing Happy on the backseat of the limo. 
They both left him aghast messages, promising that it had never happened before and that they hadn't meant to hurt him, and that it hadn't gone any further than that. Pepper had been upset, and Happy had been there and caring, and things had just happened. 
Truthfully, he believed them. It just didn't help.
He didn't pick up their calls. He didn't pick up any calls, and he avoided all the gentle, sympathetic overtures from the other Avengers instead staying in his penthouse and drinking away the day. This hurt. As if getting dumped wasn't bad enough, now he felt betrayed as well. Oh, Pepper.
But they kept talking about her on TV.  His humiliation was happening in full sight of the world. They ran the pictures again and again, and made all these little disparaging comments. They called her a golddigger and a tramp and started talking like he must have left her. Like he was clearly better off without her. He had all the sympathy here, and he just hated it. Pepper was....Pepper was perfect. Always. He was the screw-up. And he knew how much she was hating this as well, he could hear it in every increasingly exhausted voice message she left him. Pep had never wanted to be in the public eye, and now the public hated her. 
The others were worried about him, he knew. He got that from the way Bruce suddenly had twice as many projects he wanted Tony to have a look at, and Natasha brought him coffee and ice cream when he didn't come down for dinner, and Steve kept suggesting that Tony could take him out to see the sights of 21st century New York, and Clint challenged him to sparring matches or video games tournaments, and Thor suggested that they get drunk together, sing sand songs and go hunt a Bilgesnipe, which was either a euphemism or a weird Asgardian break-up tradition. Or both. Either way, he said no. He said no to everyone. He didn't want their pity or sympathy, he just wanted to curl up in a hole and die. Or better yet, he wanted to stop feeling this emptiness. 
He couldn't stand it. There was something twisted up inside his stomach. He had to get out of here. He had to do something. 
He went out that night to a little exclusive club he knew, and he bought more drinks than the club had glasses, and he ended up going home with three cocktail waitresses, and the next day the media was full of pictures of the four of them getting hot and heavy in the elevator. Pepper wasn't mentioned once.
It wasn't that it felt good, exactly, but it felt different. They weren't Pepper, and with the burn of the alcohol and the sweat-slicked sensation of skin-on-skin, the memories of everything he'd lost faded, just a little, just for a moment. It wasn't good, but it would do. For now.
Unfortunately, the next day was the ceremony to announce that the first phase of the clean-up of New York was complete. And that meant that the Avengers had a press conference to celebrate their part in the clean-up, and somehow no one wanted to know that they'd been working every day for weeks, they just wanted to know about Tony's latest escapade. There was smirking. A lot of smirking. 
“Are you going to see them again, Tony?” 
“So on your list of orgies, how high did this one rank?” 
“How do you respond to the accusation from the girl's building manager that you left a condom in the elevator for him to clean up?” 
He winced a little at that one, mostly for the disgusted look on Bruce's face. Bruce looked like he'd rather be anywhere but here. 
“The Avengers are going to take part in the next phase of the rebuilding by - “ Steve began uncomfortably, but he was interrupted by some lurid speculation as to whether the girls were bisexual.
As Agent Sitwell stepped in and ushered them off the stage, Steve frowned at him, looking disappointed and disapproving. “That could have gone better.” 
“Next time, keep it in your pants, huh, Stark?” Clint grumbled as they headed back to the tower. 
He didn't say anything. He really wanted a drink, and he wanted to drown out all the memories of today. 
*
It was early morning and Natasha was the first one up, which was unusual. Normally Steve or Dr Banner were up before her. They had all got into the habit of having breakfast in the communal kitchen, initially so they could be easily briefed on the day's clear-up duties, and make sure the more...erratic...among them were aware it was morning, they were in New York, and they had a job to do. Nowadays it was more of a habit than anything else, but a nice habit, she thought. It was good to hear what the others had planned for the day. It made her feel more connected to them.
There was the sound of the elevator doors opening and a second later Stark stumbled in. His hair was sticking up all over the place, his eyes were bloodshot and he looked like he hadn't shaved
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Original Male Character
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Past Tony/Pepper
Background Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan
background Natasha Romanov/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Physical Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Break Up
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony is vulnerable
team is oblivious
Until they aren't
slight internalised victim-blaming
but much more abuser blaming
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
AU after Avengers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Original Male Character
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Past Tony/Pepper
Background Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan
background Natasha Romanov/Clint Barton

