Chapter 1: Why Did You Start This?
    




Chapter Text
Dick: Hey guys.
Damian: What the hell is this Grayson?
Dick: It’s a group chat, so we can all stay connected when we aren’t fighting crime. :)
Damian: That’s the dumbest idea ever.
Stephanie: I think it sounds fun!
Damian: Noone asked you fatgirl.
Jason: I agree with the replacement’s replacement
Damian: I changed my mind.
Dick: Ahhhhhhh, really?
Damian: Only so I am opposing Todd.
Jason: Fuck you!
Alfred: Master Jason watch your mouth.
Jason: You added Al to this?
Dick: Why wouldn’t I?
Bruce: What is this?
Dick: You run one of the largest tech companies on the globe, and you don’t know what a groupchat is?
Bruce: I know what a groupchat is, I mean why do we have one?
Dick: Did you not read the earlier messages?
Jason: Why would he want to?
Dick: Because he cares about my happiness.
Jason: Honestly wtf is wrong with you?
Damian: Question Grayson and I will cut off your hands so you cannot text!
Dick: Wow Baby bird, I didn’t realize you cared so much.
Damian: I don’t.
Dick: Yes you do.
Damian: I regret switching sides.
Damian has left the groupchat.
Jason: You can do that?
Jason has left the groupchat.
Tim: I take a quick shower, and I come back to this?
Barbara: Dick I’m trying to work can you leave the talking to a minimum?
Dick: But I’m just trying to bond.
Barbara: Damian is sitting next to you on the couch!
Dick: How do you know?
Barbara: How do I know? Because I’m sitting across from you.
Dick: Oh yea, you are.
Alfred added Jason and Damian back into groupchat.
Alfred: I am making lunch soon, what would everyone like?
Barbara: Why are you texting them? We are all in the same room.
Alfred: Because when I asked aloud you were the only one who answered.
Tim: To be fair, I’m not in the same room.
Barbara: You’re not even in the same state as us.
Dick: See that’s why we need this groupchat, so we can talk to Timmy even when he’s not here with us.
Jason: Wtf would I want to know what replacement is doing?
Tim: Why are you still in this chat?
Jason: Well I tried to leave but Al added m back in2 it.
    Plus I want lunch.
Alfred: What would you like, Master Jason?
Jason: Do what you feel like Al
Alfred: very well. What would the rest of you like?
Dick: I’ll take whatever we have.
Alfred: And Master Damian?
Damian: I would like salmon.
Tim: Leave it to Damian to make lunch difficult.
Bruce: This is why we shouldn’t have a groupchat.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Barbara Gordon/Dick Grayson
Stephanie Brown/Tim Drake

freeform: 
groupchat
Batfamily
Humor
Funny
Texting
Batfamily Texting
Superheroes

fandom: 
Barbara Gordon/Dick Grayson
Stephanie Brown/Tim Drake

