Work Text:
When she took the job as Tony Stark's personal assistant, Pepper Potts expected the drunken debacles, she expected the naked hijinks, she expected the frustrating eccentricity, and she even expected the explosions and fires and general irritation that came with working directly for Tony.Expectation is not the same as acceptance, however.During her first year as his assistant, she spent part of every day composing her resignation letter in her head. In the beginning, she was very serious and the letters contained words like 'unprofessional', 'harassment', 'improper', 'unethical', 'OSHA', 'lawsuit'. But, as weeks turned to months the letters became less serious and more of a way to vent the day's irritations. The new letters contained words like 'jerk', 'lech', 'floozies', 'drunk', 'jackassery', 'combat pay', 'I set your desk on fire and stole your Bentley'.Most people expected her to last not much longer than any other PA, most people expected her to be too sensible to put up with Tony Stark. But, despite the sundry annoyances, Pepper liked her job. No, Pepper loved her job. She did not love certain aspects of it, but, she relished the challenge. She loved taming or, at least, containing the chaos surrounding Tony Stark. The truth, as she saw it, was that anything else would probably kill her with boredom. She was a chaos-junkie. She loved the high that came with creating order out of madness. She loved the unexpected. No one day was ever going to be the same as the day before, and she found that to be profoundly satisfying. Braced as she was for the unexpected, that did not mean she was at all prepared to walk into Tony's house on a gloomy summer morning to find her boss asleep on the couch, and his twelve-year old daughter kneeling next to him, gently, carefully, and with a Stark-like intensity, placing tin robot toys on and around his body. Honestly, Pepper hadn't expected the daughter, either. That was so far outside of anything she might have expected, she still had trouble with it. It was taking some doing to get the idea of Tony Stark Lunatic Genius and Tony Stark Decent Father to agree in her head. And the fact that seemingly sane, rational people would allow their young child to spend time alone, unsupervised, with Tony just blew her mind. Pepper didn't even like leaving Tony alone and unsupervised by himself. Adding a child to the mix seemed too much like courting disaster. Or, at the very least, expensive therapy bills at some point in the future. And yet, Darcy seemed like a perfectly nice, polite, normal girl, who maybe enjoyed motorcycles more than unicorns, but there was nothing at all wrong with that. A flouncy skirt, and sparkly Keds, and a grease stain on her cheek; well, that was just an adorable picture, really. But, other than the over-grown child she worked for, Pepper hadn't spent an awful lot of time around children, so she wasn't always exactly sure how to talk to Darcy. Darcy didn't seem to mind; she was a very self-contained individual, perfectly content to play in her room, or read a book, or sit at her bench in his workshop with a small box of tools and a machine of some sort, or, in so many ways, simply be entirely the opposite of her attention-starved father. That threw Pepper quite a bit, and she was trying very hard not to treat Darcy like a mini-Tony in need of constant watching, or to overreact the other way and ignore the girl too much. It was not a balancing act Pepper expected or felt the least bit prepared for -- boardroom politics, yes; boss's secret child, no.Pepper came to a stop a few feet away from the couch and watched Darcy continue to place the robots for another minute before the curiosity forced her to ask, "What are you doing?"Darcy looked up and grinned and looked so much like her father in that moment that Pepper almost felt dizzy from the surreality of it. "Entertaining myself," she said.Pepper nodded slowly and smiled back a little. "Of course you are.""He was up all night," Darcy explained, waving a hand at her father. "Did you need something? Because we're waiting for some code to compile and then the thingy is fabricating the firing pins."Pepper blinked and shook her head. "He has you helping him?"Darcy nodded and placed a small red robot on Tony's right arm. The robot's arms were raised threateningly at the big green robot that was balanced on Tony's chest. "He says I listen better than the bots. Also, my hands are still small and that's good for some of the delicate circuitry work.""I see," Pepper said. And she did see. The ideas shifted in her head, and it was clear it wasn't so much about Tony being a father, as it was about Darcy being his daughter. And as she watched Darcy continue to place robots with almost unnerving precision, the idea that she really was Tony's daughter settled and solidified in Pepper's mind. Yes, this she could finally, actually see. A blue robot was laid at the feet of the green one, and the three yellow ones nea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
I'm Sorry
So Fluffy It Kinda Hurts

fandom: 
None
