Work Text:
The corners of Loki’s mouth quirked up in a sleepy smile as he became aware of soft, caressing touches on his stomach, tracing the round shape of it before ghosting up along his flanks. The lamps were blown out and no moonlight filtered through the windows. Loki could not be certain his eyes were even open, but he pressed into the familiar touches as they mapped his body, enveloping him like smoke.“Thor, you brute… you are insatiable,” Loki hummed, tilting his head up in an invitation, welcoming the feel of Thor’s lips and the scrape of his bristles against his neck.He startled a little when the embrace grew tighter without a warning, for Thor was always mindful of his strength, never allowing it to run unchecked around Loki, not even when the occasional quarrel between them grew into a full-blown scuffle. Loki was suddenly aware of a weight around his limbs, coiling around the long column of his exposed throat and pinning him against the mattress.The familiarity of the situation vanished and Loki began to struggle, panic blooming in his chest the moment he realized he was unable to move.Something twisted around his horns, the touch forbidden and invasive and Loki could sense the distress of the child he carried inside him. Their shared fear spread along his nerve endings like wildfire at a sudden and searing pain in his womb, so intense that Loki could not even scream.He awoke and scrambled up in the bed, clawing at his stomach as his heart raced in his chest.
“Loki?”Ice shot into Loki’s hand and a moment later, there was a frozen dagger pressed against Thor’s jugular.“Loki!” Thor gasped, “it’s me! You were having another nightmare, none of it was real.”Loki blinked, eyes glazed, taking in the dark shape in front of him. He felt disoriented, but the room was brighter now. A waxing winter moon bathed the bed in its pale light and there was a red glow around the fireplace where their evening fire continued to smolder.Thor wrapped his hand around Loki’s wrist and guided the blade away from his neck, brushing his thumb against Loki’s palm until Loki let go of the weapon. It fell on the bed and evaporated in a cloud of blue smoke.“Thor?”“It was just a dream, Loki,” Thor murmured, his voice soft and consoling. “Just a dream.”Loki’s eyes brimmed with unshed tears. The pain had felt so real. He had been so helpless.“You are safe, both of you,” Thor whispered, wrapping his arms around Loki’s body, holding him close as Loki wept quietly, overwhelmed by the lingering memory of his dream.He’d been plagued by the same nightmare for weeks now, every dream more vivid than the previous one.He shuddered as he held up his hand, realizing what he had been about to do in his disoriented state. He had always been in control of his seiðr, but the blade had appeared in his hand before Loki had even been aware of it.“I'm so sorry,” he mouthed against the nape of Thor’s neck. “I… I could not control it, I thought you were-”“Was it the same dream?” Thor asked, his fingers tracing soothing patterns across Loki’s shoulder blades.“It’s her,” Loki whispered, “I know it. She wants revenge.”Thor pulled back, alarmed. He lowered his hand between them, pressing his palm against Loki’s stomach in a protective manner. “You mean... Angrboða?” Thor asked warily, reluctant to speak the old seiðkona's name within the walls of their bedchamber.“You killed her child and I am about to bear your firstborn. The dreams cannot be a mere coincidence.”“Perhaps- perhaps this is just your mind playing tricks on you,” Thor offered, for it was not uncommon for expecting mothers to be plagued by many fears and doubts. Loki shook his head and Thor could see the fear in his eyes was very real. “I will get my father’s counsel in the morning," he promised. "Odin sees everything from his high seat, he will have answers for us.” 


Loki was coaxed awake by soft humming and the smell of sweet cakes and bacon grease. The Allmother sat by the tall bedroom windows, sipping tea as she worked on her embroidery. She glanced up from her needlework when Loki rolled to lie on his side.“Good morning, Loki,” Frigga smiled. The chain of keys hanging from her belt jingled with the soft sway of her hips as she walked across the room and took a seat at the edge of the bed.Loki greeted the queen with a polite bow of his head, but the formality between them vanished the moment Frigga pressed her palm against Loki’s cheek, tracing the shape of it with her thumb. “How fare you, child?” she asked. “Do you still feel ill in the mornings?”“Not for some time now,” Loki replied, glad to be rid of the nausea that ailed him in the beginning. There had been days when he’d been so ill that he hadn’t been able to keep his food down at all, which had irritated Loki to no end, for there were few things in this realm he loved as much as the fine cuisine.“I have drawn you a nice, cool bath,” Frigga said, “and after you have bathed, we can break fast and have a little talk. Thor tells me y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Mpreg
Childbirth
Lactation Kink
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

