Work Text:
Tony Stark's daughter, and Captain America sat on a park bench in Brooklyn. Not for the first time, Darcy considered how much of her life could be the set-up to a joke. Fortunately for her innate love of anonymity nobody was paying them any attention or composing Shecky Greene-esque odes to their morning off. Sure, they got a few looks -- he was a good looking guy and she liked to think she was a pretty girl -- but mostly the passers-by just passed on by. God bless New York.Steve wasn't paying any more attention to the passers-by than they were paying to him. He was looking at the buildings like he wasn't sure if he was interested or if he should be crying. Next to him, Darcy was trying to give him a little space by flipping through the pictures she'd taken that day. "I don't know what's harder -- the new or the old."She looked up. "What do you mean?"Steve waved a hand at Bedford Avenue. "For me, it was only a couple of years since I was last here, and, some of this has changed, but I kind of expect that -- I guess it's seeing the things that haven't changed ... it just really hits me, is all. Maybe if it was all different, then it wouldn't be so hard."True to his word, after seeing the Grand Canyon, Steve returned to New York to help out with more of the clean-up and rebuilding. He'd thrown himself into it, burying himself in rubble and working himself to the point of exhaustion -- well, as exhausted as he could get any more.One clear fall Thursday, Darcy decided they'd had enough of clean-up and tracked him down and insisted he show her Brooklyn. That might not have been her best choice of day off, but she kind of figured he needed to see it and get it over with. She was a big proponent of 'just rip that band-aid off'."That," he pointed to a corner building. "That was a shoe store, and then on the second floor was an accountant and a dentist, and on the third floor it was an Arthur Murray dance studio." It was apartments and a Thai restaurant now, and the storefront facade had been redone, probably in the 70s, to unfortunate effect. Steve seemed a little too put out at the loss of a shoe store. Darcy chose to limit herself to commenting mildly, "I've heard of Arthur Murray. The schools are still around, I think.""Really?""Yeah." Slipping her camera back into her pocket, she tucked her hands into the sleeves of her jacket and drew her legs up onto the bench. It might be a beautiful afternoon, but she was a SoCal girl and 45 was freaking freezing. "Oh, did anybody tell you about the Dodgers?""Everybody tells me about the Dodgers and then they look like they want to take cover." He huffed and glared at the traffic. "I'm not that fragile."Darcy bumped his shoulder with hers, which was not unlike bumping a concrete bunker, but, good sport that he was, he swayed a little with her bump. "It has nothing to do with fragility, Steve. There are people who are still heartbroken about it. My dad -- my other dad, Paul, you know -- his dad is from Sheepshead Bay, and they've sworn to never go to a Dodgers game. I mean, come on, dad wasn't even alive when the Dodgers moved to LA, and he was born in Burbank. Grandpa Jim is seriously still bitter. That wound is raw, my friend, and passed down from generation to generation."Steve snorted a laugh and looked at her skeptically."I'm very, very serious. I can call my dad now and let him tell you all about it, if you don't believe me." She started to reach for her phone, but he shook his head and smiled. That was too bad, really, because she'd love to call her dad and hand the phone over to Captain America. She thought they'd both get a kick out of the conversation. She'd have to remember to make that happen later.People tended to attribute a lot of her character traits, or influences on those traits, at least, to Tony. Which made sense in that he was the biggest personality most people were ever going to meet. But, the truth was, Darcy thought she got a lot of her ability to roll with things from her other dad. Outside of sports loyalty, he didn't get too keyed up about much. Head up, hard work, use your brain, and simply and methodically buzz-saw right through anything -- that was Paul Lewis. Tony was the bright, shining mad genius of chaos; Paul was the steady, relentless cyborg of order, and unlike Tony, he could actually power down like a normal person. Maybe that's why she'd liked Coulson so much; his steadiness reminded her a lot of her dad. Stupid jerk, getting himself killed before she could admit to herself that he was actually an okay guy. "So, who do you root for, then? Not the Yankees."Darcy pulled herself out of downward spiral of her thoughts with a laugh. "God, no. We're an Angels family.""Huh." Steve looked back out at the street and frowned, a little sad. "It's not baseball season anymore.""It's the playoffs, and the company has seats at Yankee Stadium. I mean, I know it's the Yankees, but, the Mets are out, and nobody wants to go see them anyway.""I'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Still
A Walk and Talk
With Hotdogs

fandom: 
None
