Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 



  1‘Of course I always knew I was special, you know, but not quite like this,’ Tony sighed into his whiskey. ‘Thor buddy. I’m at my wits end.’The blond warrior beside him took his time in replying, shifting uncomfortably for several minutes and avoiding Tony’s eyes, although fuck, who could blame him with a little brother like that?‘Did he- touch you untowardly?’‘Thor, you freaky little brother ripped out my face plate and tried to kiss me. Out of nowhere. In the midst of battle. What do you think?’ Tony shuddered at the memories. ‘And this is not even the first time he’s created an epic diversion just to lure us out.’‘He did lead the rest of us on a merry chase with his illusory selves,’ Thor grunted. ‘If not for the Black Widow who finally saw through his trickery we would have been engaged in fruitless chase for hours.’‘Whatever dastardly plot he’s thinking to achieve, I want this psychological warfare to be over. It was funny at first, but I can’t function as Ironman if I keep seeing invisible gods at every corner about to jump out, rip off my clothes and stick his tongue down my throat.’Beside him, Thor made a slightly strangled sound, and Tony rubbed his back in commiseration. No doubt it was a brain bleaching experience to image ones baby brother engaging in.Thank god he didn’t have siblings.*  ‘Hey Thor! Thor!’ Tony slapped the god of thunder on the back, ‘So glad you could make it!’‘Man of Iron,’ Thor seemed very moved by the techno music blaring in the background. Or maybe high on alien moonshine; after seven whiskeys Tony was not in the best frame of mind to differentiate such subtleties. ‘You know what you need? What you need is several bottles of single malts, and something in a miniskirt and six-inch stilettoes – there. Right there, see her?'‘Man of Ir- Tony-‘‘That’s your Christmas present right there. Go write your name all over it, buddy, cos I’m telling ya, with legs that long you won’t run out of scrolling space all night-’‘I would speak with you on a matter of direst urgency,’‘Is this about Loki? Because if this is about Loki I’m in no mood-‘‘No! Yes. But perhaps not. Mine brother… his involvement is only as far as to make one aware of-’ Thor shook his head, looking very serious. ‘I should like to speak with you in private, Tony Stark. It would be but a moment of your time, and then on mine honour I shall darken y-‘‘Whoa, let’s not tote out the fancy words, I’m not drunk enough. We can go upstairs to the den.’‘Then let us do so with all haste.’Tony blinked at him. ‘Boy are you in some serious mug tonight. Right come on then.’In the elevator Tony hummed the refrain of Thunderbird to himself whilst Thor divided his time staring with great concentration at the emergency button and then at a spot over Tony’s head.  By the time they reached Tony’s personal office, dimly lit by hidden recess lights and illuminated by the thousands of street and building lights below them, Thor was practically vibrating.‘Sit. Drink?’‘No thank you, Anthony,’ the blond Asgadian shuffled, eyes darting around, and if Tony didn’t know better he’d say Thor's expression was hovering somwehere between trappedand hysterical.‘Didchu just call me Anthony??’ he mouthed. ‘Why the- nevermind that. What’s with the long face and the long names?’‘Nothing of import,’ Thor flushed as he watched Tony open the fridge and extract two beers. ‘Simply, I needs make something known to you.’‘Uh, ok but we are not talking about your psycho brother kissing me this morning because I threw this awesome party just so I could forget about the whole th-‘‘Loki is but a child,'  Thor suddenly burst out. ‘He is no more than a boy playing at being a lover. He would not make you happy.’Tony dropped his arms in shock, the beer he’s been holding out forgotten. Maybe his mouth might have hung open a bit too, he’s not sure. He watched with narrowed eyes as Thor flush an even deeper red and ran his hands through his hair several times.‘You seem conflicted, big guy. Wanna talk about it?’‘I- yes. I want- things have weighed most heavily upon my mind for some time now.’‘About how Loki kissing me made you felt? Sure, who wouldn’t be disturbed when its family? Par for course.’Thor blanched. ‘How did you- thats is what I need to talk to you about, Anthony.’‘I understand perfectly, Thor, but its not so bad. Like you've said, Loki is.. much younger by several-er, hundred years. Look, you just need to knock back a couple of wet ones and tomorrow morning, evr-.’Tony didn’t get to finish, because the god of thunder had suddenly picked him up by the waist and pressed him against the wall.‘I cannot hide this anymore,’ Thor said thickly, emotional in a way Tony had never seen him, even when they first introduced cable and sat him through the entirety of Rome where he’d bawled his eyes off.‘What the fuck-‘‘I needs confess upon you, Tony, of the feelings I have nursed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/right hand
Loki/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Fluff
Crack
Choose Your Own Ending
Choose Your Own Ratings
Humor
Declarations Of Love
Courtship
Liberal application of Caps
Initial Dubious Consent
Asgard hasn't heard of human rights
Incest

fandom: 
Tony Stark/right hand
Loki/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor

