Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stars, gleaming in a brilliant display of colorful galaxies as far as the eye could see, stretched out in a canopy across the sea as the Asgardian delegation neared the end of the Bifrost, waiting in that golden, shining dome where all else quieted to a murmur under the ever-watchful eye of Heimdall.The crown prince stepped across the floor, smiling as he cast his voice low. “Why, you look as if you’re going to a funeral, sister.”“Oh, leave me be," snapped the princess in silks and armor, a flush rising to her face. “Enough,” said Odin, striding forward from the rear. “Thor, with me: Frigga, you shall stay here with Sylvie and the Warriors Three. Wait for our return and answer.”“Yes, Father,” said Sylvie, Odins-daughter, pressing her fist to her heart as the others did. Frigga stayed close, smiling gently as the Bifrost opened, the great sword turning, and Thor and Odin were gone in a flash of brilliant, rainbow-tinged light.  Sylvie had been very young when she had first heard the tale of Asgard’s war with Jotunheim, of the Frost Giants who lived there, of ice and bitter cold. On Asgard, where the sun always shone and there was summer, it seemed like a fairy-tale, a distant story to be told at night when Frigga whispered stories to her and her brother in the dimness of their chambers. 
 Long ago, your father was at war with Laufey, king of the Jotnar. They were being very wicked, and were going to destroy Midgard with the Casket of Ancient Winters, and make the whole realm so cold and frozen that only they could live there… so cold that ice would come from your mouth, little one, if you breathed in it. But in the middle of the battle, your father found Laufey’s son, just a little baby, lying abandoned on a cold stone, and he said to Laufey—  

 What did he say, Mother? 

 Hush, Thor. He said that this war might go on and on, and for the sake of his son, he should make peace: that bloodshed without the promise of peace is like summer without the promise of winter to cool the air. And Laufey said—  

 I know what he said! He said that a peace would only be made when Jotun and Asgardian could sit at the same table! 

 Yes, daughter. He did. And so they lay down their weapons at last and made each other a very solemn promise, a vow: that one day we would sit down together and feast as friends, and Jotunheim would ally with Asgard and end the war forever. 
So she had played at the story with Thor in the gardens: she was Odin, pointing at a rock on the ground that was playing at being the little Jotun baby, and Thor was Laufey— except when he demanded to be Father, and told her she must be Laufey now, and then they would knock each other down into the grass, kicking, the game forgotten. It was not until she was older, a girl on the brink of adolescence who climbed trees and fell from them, who gaily fought Sif in the dust on the training grounds and escaped, giggling, when the guards came to practice, that she learned more about what a lasting peace would truly mean. Odin was very matter-of-fact: the highest duty of a princess or a prince was to protect their people, and all throughout history there had been great and lasting alliances in war and peace through the ceremony of marriage. He told his children of battles where all might have been lost, had not one mighty queen’s king, or one great king’s queen, had armies: of diplomacy and politics, of careful words and polite speech— here he looked very hard at Thor, who squirmed a little under his father’s eye—of trying to understand differences in the realms, not to fear them.And Sylvie listened carefully, understanding very well that she was a princess, and her duty was to her people above all.   “I heard Mother and Father talking in their chambers,” said Thor one day, when they were both still young, but not full-grown. “About you.”Sylvie wrinkled her nose at him and lowered her hands: she had been practicing her magic in the garden and did not like to be disturbed. “What about me?”He leaned against a pillar, crossing his arms and giving her a look she did not see often on her joyful brother’s face. “Nothing, only that it seems they mean to wed you to Laufey’s son.”She had not realized her mouth was open until she shut it with a snap. “What do you mean?”“Terms of the treaty, little sister.” He pushed off and tossed a nut into the air, catching it in his mouth. “Or so it seems Laufey’s demanding.” But he’s just a baby,  she meant to say, and then in the next instant knew it was ridiculous: of course Laufey’s son would have grown like them, all these years. He had only existed inside her mind as a child, but now she suddenly realized, very uncomfortably, that he was  real , not some story told to children at night. And next, she realized that she would have to be wedded to a Jotun.“You’re lying. Mother would never allow it.”“Lying? Me? You’re the one with the tricks.” He caught another nut and chewed. “Go ask them, if you want.”“I will!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
au where thor and sylvie are the royal kids of asgard and loki's the weird emo brother in law
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Protective Thor (Marvel)
POV Sylvie (Loki TV)
slowburn
Trust Issues
Sex
Magic
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
HEA
Betrayal
Oral Sex
Size Difference
Wedding Night
Rough Sex
Size Kink
sylvie is a size queen
pregnancy mention
probably not safe to read if you're triggered by pregnancy
Breeding Kink

fandom: 
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)

