Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
I always thought that happy endings were hard to come by, and then I thought I had one.
Turns out, your whole world can get turned upside down by the snap of one’s fingers. “What do you mean I have to go stay in the city?” Bucky sighed “y/n there is a fight coming here and I don’t want you anywhere near it.” He cupped the side of my face and looked in my eyes with sadness, it was almost like it was a goodbye. “Bucky….” I whispered, leaning further into his hand. “There is a group going, and you’re going with them y/n. It is not up for discussion.” Bucky said sternly, getting up from the bench and beginning to pace. “Bucky I just don’t understand what is going on and why you won’t tell me.” I got up and followed him to the window of the classroom he was now looking out. “I’m not telling you cause I don’t really know myself, all I know is it’s going to be big and I can’t lose you in the mix of it all.” He pulled me into his chest and squeezed me tighter than usual. “I promise that I will come to find you after.” He kissed the top of my hand and released me from his hold, but I couldn’t let go just yet. “Look at me..” he whispered, my lip quivered as I looked up at him, now it really was goodbye. “I will always come back to you, okay?” I nodded my head and he kissed my forehead. “Come on, grab your things and I’ll take you to the group. They’re leaving soon.” I smiled up at him and went to grab my bag. The walk to the group heading into the city was quiet. We walked side by side holding hands, and my heart hurt. It felt like it was the last time I’d be holding his hand in mine. I had knots in my stomach and when we reached the group I tried my hardest to hold back tears. Bucky kissed my forehead one last time and whispered “I love you so much. I will always come back to you.” Watching him walk away broke me, and I could no longer hold in my tears. It felt like it was goodbye, and I couldn’t quite put my finger on why.Once we got into the city, we were put in a building that looked like it was a convention center. It was set up like a safe haven with cots, plenty of water bottles, and snacks. I scanned the room for a familiar face, and found some of the students that I teach with their families, but not the one face I was looking for. My heartfelt heavy and I had to stop myself from crying anymore, I had to believe that Bucky would be back like he promised. “Y/N?” And there was the voice of the one person I was looking for “Ash, it’s so good to see you.” I wept as she pulled me into a hug. “What are you doing here? I thought you’d be with Bucky.” I sighed as she released me from her hold “Bucky said that there was a big fight coming, and obviously he has to fight in it.” My lip quivered for what felt like the 100th time today. Ashton looked at me and pulled me back into her arms and it took everything in me to not cry again.The next hour went by really slowly, I walked around with Ashton as she checked in on everyone and made sure that they were all doing okay, which only helped keep my mind off Bucky a little bit. Honestly I think everyone was doing the best they possibly could during a situation like this. “Miss Y/N do you want to play monopoly with us?” I smiled at the little girl, Bailey. “Oh I would love to,” I answered her, hoping that the board game would be a good enough distraction from what was going on just miles away.“Y/N” Ashton whispered, “are you awake?” I sighed “of course, I am” I answered her. I rolled over on the cot to look at her, I don’t why I even tried to lay down, it was noisy in the room since it wasn’t exactly the time for bed but I just felt so tired. “What do you think is happening out there?” She asked “I really don’t know Ash. Bucky didn’t tell me much, but I just have this feeling that it’s not going to end well.” She looked at me with sadness in her eyes, and at that moment I knew she felt the same.“OH MY GOD.” I heard someone yell. I sat up and looked around, everyone was panicking and I saw the panic on Ashton’s face too “Ash what is going on?” She looked at me and shook her head. There was dust in the air and people were screaming and people were crying. I made eye contact with the little girl Bailey, one of my students at the school, and she disappeared. My mouth went agape as I stared ahead at where she sat, and where she floated away. “Ashton did you see that?” We looked at each other and grabbed each other’s hands. “Y/N what do we do?” And at that moment I had no idea what was going on or what we were meant to be doing, all I knew was that I had an ache in my chest as my mind drifted toward Bucky. I pictured him disappearing like Bailey and I shook with fear. “Ashton I think I am going to be sick,” I said, letting go of her hand to get up and run to the restroom. I busted in the doors and knelt down in the closest stall and emptied my stomach. I felt a hand rubbing my back as the tears came at full force. “Ashton I can’t go back out there
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bucky Barnes x Y/N
Steve Rogers x Y/n

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Bucky Barnes x Y/N
Steve Rogers x Y/n

