Work Text:
Every day was much like another.
Wanda woke up from a sleepless night and made herself tea or coffee. Then, she got to studying the Darkhold. Once she learned to astral project, it was a little easier. But the pages consumed her waking hours. She barely ate or took breaks.
At night, it was always the same as well. She would toss and turn. Once she finally dozed off, the real nightmares would start. There were many variations. The bombs. Pietro. The RAFT. Thanos. Westview. But they all ended with her loved ones dying and her world being ripped apart again.
She didn’t know how many weeks or months passed of this torture. She wasn’t even able to grow numb to it. The only moments of peace she had were sitting on her porch, surveying her land, where she was free from scrutiny and judgment.
So, it was when she heard a knock on her front door.
How had she not sensed someone coming?
She considered what to do. Was it a random traveler who had simply happened upon her cottage? Did they need help? Or had someone found her?
She thought about a glamour. Those were second nature to her by now. But something told her to face whoever it was as herself.
She took a deep breath and opened the door.
To come face to face with none other than the remnants of her Vision. Who wanted to kill her. Wanda froze. She had considered trying to look for him, but she wasn’t sure if she could convince him of what they had, or if he would want anything to do with her.
Now here he was. He was equally motionless and silent. She wouldn’t fight him. She had vowed never to lay a hand on Vision again, and that applied to every version of him. She would let him do what he had come to do. It would be a release. She could join her family.
Wanda opened her hands low at her side. She was not a threat anymore. But when Vision finally spoke, it was with exultation. “I have found you at last.”
“To kill me?” It didn’t sound like it, but she’d been wrong about his intentions before.
His eyes widened and his jaw dropped. He waved his hands frantically as he exclaimed, “Not at all. There is simply much I would wish to discuss with you. May I come in? I understand if you cannot allow that at this juncture, but…”
Wanda opened the door wider and ushered him inside. Despite all the changes, he was still a rambler. She would smile if it didn’t make her heart ache so much. She gestured to her kitchen table, pausing only when the Darkhold rattled ominously where she had left it. Vision narrowed his eyes at it. “I am not certain what that is, but I do not like it. And it appears that it does not like me.”
She shrugged. “It’s a long story. I want to hear about you. Why don’t you want to kill me anymore? Do you remember?”
“Yes. Your, ah…Vision helped me regain all the time that I had lost. It was rather overwhelming, so I could only think to fly away.”
“I get that.”
He looked down at his hands folded carefully in his lap. “By the time I realized I should help in the fight against my captors, the battle was done, and you were gone.”
“Yeah.” She could do nothing more than nod weakly. The first days after Westview were still hazy in her mind. Full of grief like the first days after her parents and Pietro. She still didn’t quite understand how she even found her sanctuary.
“I have not properly apologized for trying to kill you. I am not sure that I have the words.”
Wanda’s black humor took over. She chuckled bleakly. “It’s only fair. I killed you. I was thinking that just now when I opened the door to you.” She looked into his face. His cold white skin was difficult to get used to, but the lines of his bodies and his expressions were all Vision. “And I haven’t apologized for not rescuing you.”
“No. No, Wanda. When I left, I traveled. I visited Princess Shuri. Together we ensured that we have cleared all of S.W.O.R.D.’s programming. I promise I will never attempt to hurt you again. And you had no reason to believe I could be restored. I reviewed all of S.W.O.R.D.’s files. I saw the tapes.” Wanda couldn’t hold back a sob, and Vision patted her knee tentatively.
“I swear I won’t hurt you either, and I’ll make up for the lost time.”
“I shall as well.” Vision reached for her hand. Their fingers linked as easily as they ever did. She was able to smile at him a bit. “There is much more we need to discuss, but I suppose that is a good start. May I stay with you? For the moment, at least?”
She didn’t answer immediately. She liked the sound of it, but would it be like to have a person with her that was Vision, and also not. But it was as it had always been. They were both alone, and they needed each other. “Make yourself at home.” She waved her hand around. “There’s not much, but there’s no altered reality or being torn apart.”
“True hospitality, then.” She choked.
They were both broken, but they started to make a new life together. At first, Wanda continued to study the Darkhold. It proved true that it disliked Vision very much. Several times he tried to touch it, and bur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Suicidal Thoughts
very brief - Freeform
White Vision
Pre-Multiverse of Madness
Wish Fulfillment
Shameless Wish Fulfillment
Based on a Trailer
no leaks or spoilers
I am holding onto the next week and a half for dear life

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

