Chapter 1



Summary:

The chapter in which Nat finds out (Nat finds out about Peter's relationship with D.P. about two weeks after Peter is revealed to be an Omega)





Chapter Text
I knew something was up the moment I saw them together, almost three weeks after the incident that involved an Omega drug and a fearful drug dealer that refused to talk, especially about anything that involved Deadpool and Peter. I wondered -no, I knew -that he was threatened by that mercenary, but no matter how much I pushed and coaxed, I couldn’t get a word from him. When Peter came in after four days of being MIA, it was as if my entire body sighed with relief; everything went against what I’d been taught as an assassin, but looking at Peter’s adorable face, I couldn’t stop the surge in my veins of purely Omega love. A bittersweet feeling. But, here and now, I was safe to give into that beautiful, complete sensation and rushed to the brunette’s side -as composed as I could be- and brought him close to me in a hug.“Uh...Natasha, what-?”“Disappear without a word again and I’ll kill you,” I whispered, pressing my lips and nose to his temple, not kissing him but inhaling his scent. It smelled...different than usual.  Sweeter . It wasn't bad, comforting, but it set me on edge. I knew what it was, no matter how probable it may have seemed, but I knew that smell that only enhanced and magnified Peter’s original old book, coffee and autumn rain smell.
 OMEGA. 
What would this mean for him? I knew he wouldn’t stop being Spider-Man but, when the already over protective Alphas found out about his new status, it would only lead to headaches for the teen. Even as an Omega myself, I could feel my hackles practically rising as I thought about Peter, the baby of our little pack, being thrown around like a piece of trash and hit mercilessly by our superhuman enemies. I knew it all added up to the Omega instincts that hadn’t been completely wiped away, but I couldn’t suppress them. Didn’t dare to. It was the first time in a long time that I felt this way and I honestly did care about Peter. He just had such a delightful personality.He laughed it off, of course, and I took private delight in his lean arms wrapping around my waist and squeezing gently. “Ok, I'll make sure you know, at least,” he muttered a bit grumpily but not enough to raise any internal alarm bells, “if  you can keep a secret.”“You insult my profession,” I replied with a practiced smile. There was something more there, to what he said, but I didn't know what he meant. That alone solidified my decision.
What I saw made me grit my teeth as I fought my protective instincts. The sexual harassment and bullying Peter endured from his peers. But, besides that, Peter’s life was, officially, uneventful and boring.He went to track and a robot building club but, went straight home from school after those were done and stayed there until it was time for him to go on patrol. I watched him swing from skyscraper to skyscraper, flipping in the air and webbing petty thieves, robbers, harassers and rapists to lamp posts and window frames. It was two in the morning before he stopped, hanging off a flag pole and surveying his city. It really was a poetic, picturesque image, I thought, pressing myself to a small alcove.“Spidey-baby!”I could hear Peter’s high pitched squeak as a red clad mercenary tackled him from behind, causing the superhero to fall from his perch. Immediately, Peter shot out a web to catch himself, the enertia swinging them forward and making Deadpool crash back fast into the window of City Hall.“W-Wade!” I heard the teen hiss -though I was briefly distracted by the fact that Peter was now on a first name basis with the mercenary; had that always been the case? -holding them up against the side of the building, “Are you a fucking idiot?”“But I missed you…” the older man whined like a child, wrapping his arms and legs around Peter’s torso and nuzzling into his neck, “ Come on!  Isn’t your patrol over?”“Y-Yeah…”“Were you waiting for me, baby boy?”“N-N-N-uhm…”“Let’s go, sweetheart, let’s go somewhere nice and quiet,” he said, his hand sliding slowly and seductively down Peter’s back, “Let me take care of you….”I watched Peter’s chest heave and the tension release from his shoulders, practically melting into Deadpool’s body.“Ok…”My eyes widened and I scrambled to follow the two as Peter webbed them through New York City to a really shitty looking neighborhood with homeless people, prostitutes and gangbangers everywhere. They made their way to a shitty apartment building with chipping brick and peeling paint on the windows, which Wade managed to pry open before helping the brunette in by gripping his waist and lifting him in. With the two superhumans out of my line of sight and hearing range, I hooked a sound magnifier to my ear and took out my pair of binoculars. With the binoculars, I watched Deadpool slide his hands up the teen’s sides to the sides of his neck, pushing his finger
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Voyeurism
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Beta Clint Barton
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade
Omega Natasha Romanov
Slightly Out Of Character
minor heterosexuality
Anal Sex
Gay Sex
Car Sex
Dirty Talk
Possessive Behavior
Two Shot

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

