Work Text:

1) Coulson
When the latest of the Council's puppets resigns from leading the Avengers, Phil Coulson is standing in Nick Fury's office, watching. Phil almost feels sorry for the man: abandoned by the Council when he failed to control the Avengers and then physically broken by their punishments.Except the man did it to himself, by selling out his team before he even met them.Fury approves Gyrich's transfer request with a sardonic smile and insincerely wishes him luck in his next assignment. Once the door closes behind him, Nick slumps, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Fantastic. Time for another round of résumé tag with the Council, which will end with the person they want for the job. Again.” Technically, the Director of SHIELD supervises the Avengers, but the Council has final approval on just about everything. The worst of it is that the Avengers need a team leader: one they can actually trust. They're all extraordinarily talented fighters, so the missions are usually successful, but he sees the way that they scatter when they should be tight and knows they're forced to watch their backs, not from a lack of trust in each other, but because they're unsure if their leader is about to pull the rug out from under them. Saving the world is hard enough; this is a danger they shouldn't have to carry.“Sitwell had a thought about that, actually,” Phil says slowly. “He suggested sending in a patsy.”“We tried that, remember? With whatshisname's nephew.” Nick sighs. “Incompetent moron. Lasted a whole week, and Romanoff nearly killed him.”“I know, sir,” Phil says. “But then I remembered the other meaning of patsy.”Nick frowns for a moment, then raises an eyebrow. “Did you have a particular sacrificial lamb in mind, Coulson? Because I'm not sure I like the sound of this.”“You know I don't believe people are expendable,” Phil says, insulted. He still has the scars to prove it, and if Nick wasn't understandably distracted, he'd punch him. Nick grimaces immediately and waves an apology, so Phil continues. “But we're never going to get one of our people in the spot. We need someone plausible to nominate, someone unconnected to SHIELD in any way. Someone competent, who might occasionally put the team and the mission before avoiding a whipping or pleasing his benefactors.”“Any suggestions?” Nick drawls.Phil makes a face. All of the special ops guys he knows are old friends, or have worked with SHIELD. Then Nick grins suddenly. Phil both loves and hates that look. It always means trouble.“You want plausible: how about a super-soldier to lead a superhero team?” Nick says. “There was an AGD project back in the nineties, the Serum-Enhanced Soldier program.”“Weren't they all crazy?” Phil ventures. He's heard of the SES program – mostly via dive bar bullshitting about someone's close encounter with one that had gone rogue. He's pretty sure the program didn't have as many participants as he's heard stories, though.Absently, Nick admits, “Some were. And only five of them ever entered active service.” He refocuses on Phil abruptly. “The project's something of an embarrassment to the Army, so I doubt any are connected with the Council. We've got a few days before they start pressuring me about a replacement: check them out, see if any are suitable.”“What about the squid sighting in Key West?” Phil asks – his original reason for being in Nick's office – but he already knows the answer.“Send Sitwell,” Nick says with a wicked smile. “I heard he loves seafood.”
Phil's job gets a little simpler when three of the five SESes turn out to be dead. One was killed in action, but the other two.... Their files just say 'terminated'. He frowns at the lack of detail, but time is short, so he moves on.Major Peña is the more appealing of the two remaining soldiers, but not by much: he's got bland fitness reports and a long line of successful but unremarkable missions. Still, better than Captain Rogers: twelve teams in twenty years, never promoted, with a record that swings wildly from triumph to failure. Faced with the choice between exceptional inconsistency and mediocre reliability, Phil thinks the latter is more what they need. He flies out to Peña's base with fake papers and stakes out the man's quarters.In less than a day, he knows Peña's not their guy. It was a bad sign when the rumor mill informed him that Peña only leaves base for Mass and always wears fatigues – which Phil was inclined to disregard, before he broke in to the man's quarters and found nothing but empty walls and identical drawers full of uniforms – but it's the look in his eyes that finally makes Phil turn away. He's not insane, but he's a walking dead man, the kind of obviously-depressed that makes Phil want to order him to a shrink –  except Phil's undercover, and not Army anymore, and was never supposed to be here at all.He puts a flag on Peña's file, and moves on.Conveniently, Captain Rogers is stationed out of Fort Lawton, so Phil calls in a favor from Colonel M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanoff
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Team Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Whipping
5+1 Things
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanoff
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

