Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It takes time for Bucky to get used to being in Avengers tower, and to being with Steve again. Actually, if he were being honest, he would have to admit that the latter is a hell of a lot harder on the head than the former. Because it doesn't take long for Bucky to realize that Steve doesn't need him anymore. And he doesn't mean in that the dramatic, 'oh woe is me' way that modern day soap operas are so fond of. It's just that Steve is Captain America, the pinnacle of human health and perfection. He's not sick anymore, he barely needs to sleep, has all the food he could ever want available to him, and is more than capable of handling any fights that he gets into. So it's weird for a little while, because part of Bucky's head still remembers that scrappy little shit who did need him and that turns out to be what Bucky misses the most. They actually come close to clashing a couple of times; he and Steve have a couple of pretty loud arguments before Sam rather forcefully points out how damned stupid the two of them are being and forces them to sit down and talk like the grown up children they are (Sam's words, not Bucky's). The end result of that conversation is that Steve promises to be more understanding and Bucky promises to back off.And he follows through on that promise - with Steve anyway."Tony Stark, what is the matter with you?""Nothing. There is absolutely nothing wrong with me. I'm completely healthy.""That's not what Bruce tells me," Bucky says, hands on his hips."Bruce is a filthy traitor," Tony calls out. He's mostly hidden from Bucky's view, flat on his back underneath an old car that he recently purchased at an auction. Bucky can hear the clink of tools against the car's undercarriage. Part of him is tempted to just let Tony keep working, because he knows how vested Tony is in restoring this car, but a much bigger part is more concerned with the report of the attempted kidnapping that Bruce passed onto him when Bucky returned to the tower. Next time Natasha suggests that he join her on a SHIELD mission, Bucky is going to tell her to shove it.He puts a foot on the edge of the creeper. "You can come out on your own or I can make you come out," he says firmly. There’s a reason that Bruce came to him about this: Tony doesn’t listen to anyone else on the team. He stiffens up like an offended cat when they try, especially Steve. But Bucky, for whatever reason, has somehow weaseled his way in past those defenses. As a result, he is now officially the Tony-wrangler of the team. It’s a position he might love, even if – were it not for the serum – Tony would be turning his hair grey with stress.Tony heaves a put-upon sigh and obligingly scoots the creeper out until Bucky can see his face. Immediately, the annoyance prickling under Bucky's skin melts away when he catches sight of the two black eyes Tony is now sporting. Additional bruising runs down the left side of his face, disappearing into both the scruff of his beard and under his ear into his hair. Bucky crouches down, reaching out very carefully to cup the uninjured side of Tony's face. He sucks in a breath as he gets a closer look at the ugly bruising, which has to hurt no matter how brave Tony is trying to act."You should see the other guys," Tony says, trying to smile and then wincing."If I saw the other guys, I would shoot them," Bucky says, which isn't a lie. He picks up the ice pack he brought down with him and carefully sets it against the worst of the bruising, along Tony's left cheek. Tony doesn't try to squirm away, just slowly relaxes."It's really not that bad, Buck," he says. "I've had a hell of a lot worse.""Is that supposed to be comforting?" Bucky demands. "Can't leave you alone for two days. Did you eat or sleep while I was gone?""I slept for three hours."Bucky levels him with a glare. "The time you spent unconscious from a concussion doesn't count.""Then no."Christ. Tony Stark could drive a saint into insanity. All Bucky wants to do is throw Tony over his shoulder and carry him straight up to his bedroom, and then stand guard until Tony's eaten and fallen asleep. The funny thing is, Tony would probably let him do it. He would grumble a lot, pout and snark about overachieving mother hens, but he wouldn't really fight it the way that Steve used to. There are days when that still fucks with Bucky's head, but more and more he's coming to appreciate it. Appreciate Tony.And maybe it's just Tony being kind, because Tony turns himself inside out to make the team happy. He goes out of his way to anticipate their needs and seems to consider it a personal failing if someone needs something and he's not ready for it (even though nine times out of ten, he fulfills the need in less than an hour no matter how much it costs). Bucky's almost positive that this is just one more way that Tony is accommodating him, like Tony's noticed how lost Bucky feels without someone to take care of and is stepping into the role even thou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Age Play
Infantilism
Cuddling
Platonic Cuddling
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
daddy!Bucky
Daddy!Steve
slow burn age play
falling into age play naturally
bucky barnes is a mother hen
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
tony stark is a little shit
Confusing relationships
actual communication
in a marvel fic
what is the world coming to
Diapers
Pacifiers
bottles
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
angst with fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Confused Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
No Romance
Bathing
Feeding
Hugging
Carrying
Jealous Steve
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

