Chapter 1: Anonymous
    




Chapter Text
 
 "reasons to kiss him:

1. because he’s beautiful. 2. because he asked. 3. because he preceded please with, i’m not afraid of you."


Natalie Wee, "Yes & No"

 
Tony Stark was not good at waiting. He’d been sitting in his Ferrari for ten minutes in the apartment parking lot, and his leg was finally beginning to do the jerk-shake routine that signaled impatience segueing into full-fledged boredom. Passers-by occasionally rubber-necked to get a good look at the car; he paid them no mind. His business was with one of the tenants inside.

 He looked down at his phone and the last text that he had gotten. 

 Be down in a few 

 He typed a message of his own -- the stark train is leaving the station and you aint on it -- and let his finger hover over the glowing SEND button, but movement up by the building’s entrance made him hold off on following through. The kid saw him and raised a hand in greeting before slinking to the car, looking a touch self-conscious.

 Tony unlocked the doors, and a moment later, Peter slid into the passenger seat. He was wearing khakis, a belt, a button-down, and a look that suggested that he’d been coaching himself on his way downstairs. 

 “Did I underdress?” Tony asked, eyebrow cocked as he pulled in an absentminded way at the collar of his henley.

“I told May that you were interviewing me for a scholarship.” Peter grinned ruefully as Tony started the ignition. “Feel kind of bad about it, actually. She got so happy.” 

 “Well, look, it’s not like I’m not willing to give you one, you know. That stickum-stuff you make’s gotta be worth at least a grant. Good job on the alibi thing, by the way," he added. "If anybody asks, that’s the story we stick to.” He gave him a sidelong glance as they pulled out of the parking lot. “You look good, by the way.”

 “Are you kidding? I’m lucky she didn’t make me wear a tie.”

 Tony’s lips twitched in the mirror. “How you feel about AC/DC?”

 Peter shrugged, and Tony switched on his iPod.
 
 “So, how about this Spider-guy?” Tony asked conversationally fifteen minutes later. They were packed into the corner of the restaurant. The chatter from the other patrons was loud; Tony had a sneaking, well-honed feeling at least a quarter of them were paparazzi. “How d’you think he’s holding up?”

 “Don’t do that!” Peter hissed. He put down his sandwich without taking a bite of it. “I’m -- I heard that he’s, like, kind of in a lot of danger. People looking for him.”

 Tony paused with his own sandwich halfway to his mouth. “How old are you?” Peter shifted in his seat, looking defensive, and mumbled something. “How’s that?”

 “I said, I turn sixteen in December.”

 He took a bite of his sandwich, chewed methodically, and swallowed. He put the sandwich down. 

 “Peter Parker, pardon my French here, but what the fuck?” The kid just stared at him. “Quit,” he said. “Finish high school, let your frontal lobe develop a little bit more before you go back out there.”

 “But I don’t want to!” Peter’s lower lip jutted out for a moment. It was easy to see the fifteen-year-old. “I’m helping people. And, I don’t know, it’s kind of fun, doing this? And scary. And --” he waved his hands vaguely -- “I don’t want to stop. By the way,” he added, clearly trying to steer the conversation in a different direction, “why are we eating in a Subway?”

 “Hm? Oh, I hate rich people food,” Tony said vaguely. “Seriously, though," he continued. "You’ve got your whole life ahead of you. And trust me, if you keep this up, you’re going to wake up one day maybe ten years down the line and wish that you’d gone into -- I don’t know -- plumbing, flipping houses, I don’t know --” he paused. “I don’t know.”

 Peter was balling up his paper napkin, twisting it back and forth, back and forth. White fluff drifted softly onto the table. But his eyes were on Tony and were far more perceptive than they had any right to be. 

 “That what happened to you?” he said at last. Tony took a bite of his sandwich and didn’t answer. “I mean, don’t you save lives?” Peter pressed on. He looked confused, like he was thinking hard, like nothing Tony said was matching up with his worldview.

 Tony picked some of the lettuce off his sandwich. “Allegedly.”

 A shadow fell over the table, and he looked into the freckled face of a twenty-five-year-old with a notepad and a valiant attempt at a mustache. 

 “Since when does Subway have waiters?” Tony asked. 

 “Oh, um, I’m not -- I was just wondering if you could sign this?” He handed over the notepad with a shaking hand. “It’s for my girlfriend. She’s over there -- she’s a really big fan --” He was stammering. Tony looked to the table that the newcomer had nodded at, where a petite Latina girl was seated. She was blushing hard, eyes fixed firmly on her phone. 

 “What’s her name?”

 “Ida.”

 He signed the notepad and handed it back. “Best wishes,” he said. “Oh, and pro-tip --” he lowered his voice -- “next time, take her to Panera.”

 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
referenced James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
READ THE ARCHIVE WARNING
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Guilt
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Peter Parker is really fucking young
I JUST WANT TO MAKE THAT CLEAR
Slow Burn
Past polyamorous relationship
Sexual Tension
The Blowjob That Wasn't
The Author Regrets Everything
In Which Tony Stark Rolls A One For Adult Accountability
Hand Jobs
Blood and Injury
Self-Harm
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Statutory Rape
(purely in the legal sense)
Unhealthy Relationships
First Time
Minor Violence
Light Bondage
Safewords
Attempted Sexual Assault
Violence
Past Sexual Abuse
Ambiguous/Open Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
referenced James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

