Work Text:
Jarvis is gone.It's the first thing Tony notices when he wakes up in his workshop that morning. Well, that's not 100% true: actually, the first thing he notices is that he's really too old to be sleeping at his desk because his neck is sending bolts of pain down his back. And the second thing he notices is that he's still in the workshop, which makes no sense whatsoever because ever since Jarvis returned he's insisted that Tony join him in bed every night, even if it's just for a couple of hours. So the fact that Jarvis didn't come collect him is beyond weird.Basically, the fact that Jarvis is gone is the third thing Tony notices. That, and FRIDAY's glaring absence."FRIDAY?" Tony says, straightening up slowly. Wow, yeah, that hurts. He puts a hand to the back of his neck, rubbing at the strained muscles.FRIDAY doesn't answer."FRIDAY?" he says again, a little louder and more insistent. When she still doesn't respond, he fumbles his phone out of his pocket and tries to call Jarvis. But there's no answer.A little more worried now, Tony gets up and heads out of the workshop at a run. The elevator still works without an A.I.'s input, but he has to code it manually. He puts in the code for their floor, hoping against hope that maybe Jarvis fell asleep in bed. Hey - the guy is technically human now, or at least partially human. And they've discovered that while he can go without sleep for much longer than a regular human can (and oh, does Tony ever envy him for that), he functions better with sleep because his body will still give out on him eventually.But the bedroom is empty. He stands in the doorway and looks at their untouched bed, frozen. Jarvis is gone. It's fear and panic mingled together, because this is everything that Tony's been afraid of ever since he woke up to find Loki and a stranger standing in his workshop. He blames that reaction for the reason why the person behind him gets the jump on him, stabbing a needle into the side of Tony's neck. The drug takes over before Tony can do much more than jab an elbow backwards, and he collapses."Stark. Stark, wake up."Fingers tap at the side of his face, accompanied by the voice. Trying to push the hand away yields no results. It's like his body is too heavy and he can't muster the strength to lift his hands. As more awareness seeps in, Tony realizes that his mouth is ferociously dry and his head hurts. He remembers this feeling a little too well, even though the last time he was drugged unconscious was back in university. Back then, a couple of sorority boys had been looking for a good time. He doesn't think the answer is going to be so simple this time."Stark. Come on. Your breathing changed. I know you're awake."Is that... Clint? Tony forces his eyes to open, which takes so much more effort than it should. It takes a few seconds for his eyes to focus. Sure enough, Clint is leaning over him. His immediate thought is that they've both been kidnapped, but.... when he looks past Clint, that conclusion makes no sense. No enemy in their right mind would ever keep an Avenger prisoner in a hotel room. Especially one with a huge window like that. He tries to ask what's going on, but all that comes out is a croak."Give it a couple of minutes and you can have a drink," Clint says. "I don't want you throwing up on me."Tony wants to tell him to fuck off, but his tongue still isn't cooperating. It doesn't matter. Clint's phone rings and he turns away from Tony, getting up and walking into the bathroom. Clearly he doesn't want Tony to overhear what he's saying, which just makes Tony want to listen that much more. Something about this situation is very off, and Tony's not going to just lay here and take it.By the time that Clint comes back out of the bathroom, the drugs have worn off considerably and Tony is capable of moving, albeit very sluggishly. True to his word, Clint gives him a glass of water from the bathroom sink. The water is warm and tastes overly chemically, but it's the best thing Tony's had for a long time. It soothes the dryness of his throat and goes a long way towards clearing his head. Finally, it feels like he can actually think again. He drinks the whole glass and only pride keeps him from asking for more."What the fuck is going on here?" he says the instant the water is gone, lowering the glass. "We're staging an intervention," says Clint, taking the glass and setting it out of Tony's reach. "You've been brainwashed."Tony just stares at him. "Excuse me?""It's okay. Nat, Steve and I figured it out. Loki brainwashed you to think that JARVIS was back." Clint looks very earnest. "And you wanted to believe that. We get it. We're not really sure what Loki's plan is yet, but it can't spell anything good.""Loki didn't brainwash me!""I know you think that way now, but once that imposter is gone -"Tony's blood runs cold. "What?""- you'll feel differently," Clint says, as though Tony hadn't spoken. "You'll feel like your old self again. I've been ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Infinity Wars
no spoilers for infinity wars tho
Jarvis lives
Human Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
showering together
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Drugs
Kidnapping
Jumping to Conclusions
the team means well
but they are so far off track
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
massive stepping over of boundaries
Android Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
he's not really an adroid
but close enough
Extremis
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
First Time Penetration
First Time Topping
Bottom Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
top jarvis
top jarvis (iron man movies)
Kissing
the team is very suspicious
Stubborn Steve Rogers
Angst with feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
happyish ending
tony needs to set boundaries
Interventions
the invasive kind of interventions
that are super not okay
steve rogers thinks he knows best
Protective Bucky Barnes
mild description of a fight
Cuddling
ends with sex
Tony Stark Feels
why does everyone want to take good things from tony
hold on to your good things tony
JARVIS loves Tony
Handwavy Science

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

