Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Summary:

8 weeks.





Chapter Text
Darcy honestly hadn't meant for this to happen.  Falling into bed with Bucky right after Steve had dumped her definitely hadn't been her proudest moment. She definitely hadn’t meant for it to happen. But she'd been hurt, and drunk. And Bucky had been almost as mad at Steve as she was.  Steve had dumped her, out of the blue. He had no explanation other than it being 'for her safety’. She'd been involved in a teeny tiny kidnapping thanks to some friendly-neighborhood HYDRA goons that had managed to make the connection between her and Steve. So what? It wasn’t her first kidnapping rodeo, and it wouldn’t be her last.  ‘Not everything’s about you, Steve.’ She’d bit out at him, leaving their shared apartment. Darcy Lewis was many things, but she was not the type of woman to hang around begging somebody to want her.  She’d ended up at Bucky’s place, bawling on his doorstep.'If he doesn't know what a good thing he's let go, Doll, then he doesn't deserve a second thought.' Bucky had said, pulling her into a hug. She’d cried on his shoulder until his sweatshirt was damp, clinging to him. She could almost imagine Steve was holding her, like this. The two of them were similar in so many ways; they even smelled similar.  Steve was scared. She got it. She was, too. 'Give him time. The punk will come to his senses.' Bucky had assured her, sitting on the kitchen counter as she'd baked batch upon batch of stress cookies. Bucky enjoyed sampling all of her creations, and beating the batter was keeping her from beating Steve's stupid face, at any rate. She'd resolved to do just that, believing Bucky's assurances. She’d spent two days sleeping in Bucky’s spare room, holding out hope until she ran into Sharon exiting her and Steve's rooms. Two fucking days after they'd broken up. Suddenly, their break up made a lot more sense. He wasn’t afraid for her safety. He just didn’t want her.  Darcy could still feel the anger and humiliation rushing over her in heated waves, just thinking about it. He’d had Sharon over at their place. Had he fucked her in their shared bed? Had they been sneaking around behind Darcy’s back this whole time?  She'd muttered a rude curse at the blonde and rushed away, heedless to Sharon's stammered explanations. If Steve didn't want her, who gives a fuck, right? (She very much gave a fuck.) Bucky had found her in his kitchen later that night, elbows-deep in Ben & Jerry's, and she'd spilled her guts to him. 'He's fucking Sharon.' “You’re kidding.” His voice was flat, neutral. Darcy knew Bucky well enough to know that meant he was beyond furious. “Saw her leaving our apartment today. He-” Darcy choked on a sob.  Bucky had gathered her in his arms, gentle with her despite the fury running hot under his skin.Bucky had, much to Darcy's utter horror, confronted Steve the next morning. It didn't go well. Steve had barely denied it, Bucky had later told her, stubbornly and righteously asserting that it was nobody's business what went on in his private life.  “I thought you were better than that, Steve.” Bucky had shaken his head at his old friend in disgust.  “It’s not like that.” Steve had protested. “What’s it like, then?”  “I can’t answer that.”  Steve had remained steadfast in his stubbornness.  Bucky had confided in Darcy that Steve’s behaviour meant he was feeling some degree of shame, deep down. Darcy had confided in Bucky that Steve could go fuck himself, or Sharon. Whatever. She wasn't going to play second fiddle, not now or ever. She wasn't going to play desperate ex-girlfriend, either. She'd picked herself up, splashed some cold water on her face and dragged Bucky to a club, dressed to the nines, intent on finding a fling to make herself feel better. They raided Thor’s stash on the way, at Darcy’s insistence. Bucky wasn’t gonna argue with her, taking the offered flask and stashing it in his pocket.  Somehow (it might have had something to do with the copious amounts of alcohol consumed), that had led to some spec-fucking-tacular bathroom sex at the club with Bucky. Then some spectacular elevator sex en route to Bucky's floor, topped off with some equally amazing sex in Bucky's bed.  It wasn't like she’d planned it that way. She wasn't that vindictive, to seduce Steve’s best friend in revenge. Steve had been away on a mission, thank fuck, so he’d never known about it. It had made her next-morning walk-of-shame back to her own place much more bearable. She'd reclaimed her favourite clothes from her drawers, changed her underwear, and sent Bucky a 'sorry, I had to go to work' text.  She'd headed down to the labs to confide in Jane. Jane, upon hearing the latest drama, had dropped her work straight away and texted Pepper to organise Darcy some new rooms. She’d then called off work to help Darcy pack her things and move into a new apartment in the tower. Darcy then did her best to put the whole week behind her.  Bucky had understood it was a one-n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/James "Bucky" Barnes
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Accidental Pregnancy
loosely based on Bridget Jones's Baby
Tumblr: fuckyeahdarcylewis
past Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
OT3
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Pregnancy
mentions of cheating but no actual cheating occurs
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/James "Bucky" Barnes
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

