Chapter 1: Room To Breathe
    




Chapter Text

This story is set in an Alternative Universe where Peter lives with the rest of the Avengers, and has been resident there since the events of TAS, on Fury's orders. The SHIELD director wasn't about to let a 17-year-old superhero fly solo, not when there was a ready-made superhero babysitting service available to keep the teenager out of trouble (and out of Fury's completely-metaphorical hair). 

Our story begins about eight months down the line, on an average mid-summer night, where the city is quiet (for once) and nothing at all seems amiss...

He wasn't sure, at first, what had woken him. The room was still dim, the only source of light coming from the alarm clock on the bedside table, the red digits glaring at him angrily in the darkness. And no wonder; it was still stupid o'clock in the morning, there was absolutely no need for him to be awake, not for another five or six hours at least.It wasn't until he rolled over and tried to heave a sigh, only to discover that he couldn't, that the reason for his sudden return to consciousness became apparent.Shit.He pushed himself upright on instinct, trying to lever the weight off his chest, only to find that the tightness was not due to something being on him, but rather something within him that seemed determined to restrict his lung capacity. He coughed, hoping that it was a physical blockage - mucus, saliva, dust – something that his body could clear by itself. But suddenly he couldn't stop coughing. And God, it hurt.The force of it had him doubling over, one arm wrapped around his abdomen, the other yanking back the bedclothes so that he could stagger towards the en-suite bathroom, squinting against the sudden glare of the sensor-triggered spotlights in the ceiling as his fingers gripped the cool porcelain of the sink, shoulders hunched and chest heaving as he tried to suck in enough air to satisfy his starved lungs.“Master Parker,” JARVIS spoke, the soft English vowels echoing in the spacious tiled bathroom. “You appear to be experiencing respiratory distress. Do you require assistance?”Peter shook his head frantically, even though the AI wouldn’t be able to see him (the bathrooms in the main suites were perhaps the only place Jarvis didn’t have eyes), hunching over a little more to try and take the weight off his chest, sucking in each breath desperately.“I’m…I’m fine,” he managed between gulps of air, trying to ignore the alarm bells going off in his head; a shrill, frantic voice that cried ‘asthma attack, asthma attack, asthma attack!’ in a continuous mantra.It couldn’t be an asthma attack. That was impossible. He’d only needed to use his inhalers a handful of times since he’d hit puberty (he’d kept them around the house, just in case, and Aunt May had insisted on him taking two puffs of his steroid inhaler morning and night whenever he came down with a cold). He’d been the type of kid to catch every flu bug and chest infection and head-cold that passed his way, and he’d certainly been no stranger to viral-induced wheezes (he and the Memorial Hospital emergency department had become well acquainted every winter season), but that had all been Before. Before the bite, before his body chemistry had re-written itself and given him a fucking amazing immune system. In the eleven months that had passed since then, he hadn’t suffered so much as a sniffle.Which was why this couldn’t be an asthma attack. It couldn’t.“My scans indicate that both your heart and respiratory rate have greatly exceeded medically satisfactory parameters,” Jarvis informed him, and Peter had to applaud Tony for incorporating such a broad vocal spectrum into the AI’s design. Jarvis sounded downright worried.“Don’t…don’t sweat it, J,” Peter croaked, squeezing his eyes shut against a sudden wave of dizziness (‘oxygen deficiency,’ that frantic voice in his head insisted). “M’okay. Honest.”“I’m afraid my programming dictates that I contact another member of the team regarding your current physical well-being,” Jarvis spoke, sounding completely unapologetic.Peter’s head shot up at that, eyes wide. “No! M’fine. Jus’…just gimme a sec, okay?”“Please try to remain calm,” the AI continued, clearly having chosen to override Peter’s request (seriously, the computer was such a tattle-tale). “Help will be with you shortly.”The teenager swore under his breath, pushing himself away from the sink and stumbling back into the main bedroom, making a beeline for his dresser. If he was about to get bombarded by half of the team, he wasn’t going to sit there in nothing but his boxers. Not that he was self-conscious or anything. Another bonus of the whole spider-bite gig was that he had a fucking amazing metabolism that seemed to burn through all the crap that he ate and turn it into lean muscle. But it just seemed like common courtesy to make an effort to clothe himself. It might also win him some brownie points in convincing the others that he was fine, because b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Sickfic
Hurt/Comfort
Superfamily
(sort of)
Alternate Universe
Steve and Tony are not parents
Except for when they are
Asthma
Family
Team Feels
Fluff
Science Bros
Body Snatchers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

