Work Text:
*** 
 1941  
There was a time where Steve thought he’d been a beta. He just didn’t present. Too sickly to be an alpha by society’s standards and too ill to carry children or deal with heats, his body just didn’t do anything. He didn’t have much of a sex drive, in fact it was near non-existent and to be honest, he was happier that way. If he had been an omega he would’ve been expected to get married off to an alpha and have lots of children, especially because he grew up in the 40’s and rights for omegas were slim. If he’d been an alpha people would have mocked him even more than they already did. So, he was content on being unclassified or as he and everyone else assumed, a beta. Well, until the serum.It started with cramps in his lower abdomen and crawled up his back. His chest felt suspiciously full and heavy, it hurt and he was terribly sensitive. There was a strange scent that seemed to follow him around, a sweet smell. One that was usually associated with omegas. It was hard to be around his men, the people in his squad. They were all alphas and his skin felt itchy, not his own. It was like his skin was crawling off. Like he wasn’t – he wasn’t –Whole.  In a flash, he was up and running to the communal showers. There was a weird slick like liquid running down his legs. He knew what this was. This was what happened when omegas presented. He didn’t have any suppressants and he felt so woozy. He could feel his heart pounding and pounding. His stomach felt empty and his chest was tightening, tightening. He knew what had triggered the heat – first the serum and getting Bucky back. He hadn’t thought anything of it, until this morning when he’d nearly fainted just by walking by Bucky. By his best friend touching him.“Pretty baby,” an alpha said, walking in behind Steve. Cornered and terrified, Steve backed up against the wall of the showers. The alpha was the jerk who had made fun of Steve to begin with.“N-no,” Steve whimpered, squeezing his legs together, holding out his hands, against the alpha. But he wasn’t listening, he was going to touch him, he was going to – to –And then the alpha was being ripped back by someone else. Steve flinched and sank to the floor, relieved and frightened. He was trembling all over and there were tears running down his cheeks. This new alpha was going to hurt him too – would take advantage – no, they wouldn’t. This alpha was different. This alpha smelt like home and safety and love and protection and it was Bucky. The jerk alpha was gone, bloody and scared, but gone and instead, Bucky was crouching down in front of him.“Stevie,” Bucky said gently, reaching out, tentative, “Stevie, it’s me, sweetheart.”Steve reeled back and sniffed, shaking, “n-no, please don’t hurt me, please don’t hurt me.”Bucky sat back and turned the water off. He held his hands up as a sign of peace, “sweetheart, baby. It’s me, it’s Bucky. Baby doll, it’s your best friend.”Steve looked up and felt his heart loosen. Bucky had managed to break through the heat mess of his brain. He stared up at Bucky and whimpered, reaching out for his friend. Bucky smiled and gathered Steve against him. Steve trembled in Bucky’s arms, burying his face in the brunette’s chest.“You’re okay,” Bucky whispered, “you’re okay. I gotcha Stevie, I gotcha. I’m here, I’m here. Baby. It’s okay. He didn’t hurt you, he didn’t touch you. He didn’t lay his hands on you.”Steve stared up at him and nodded, pouting. Bucky leaned down and pressed his lips to Steve’s forehead. They wouldn’t do anything just then, not with Steve being so out of it. He needed to be clear minded, to be able to consent. And with what just happened, that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. Bucky wrapped Steve in a towel, dried him off (all the while, checking in on him) and dressed him in some of his own clothes, so that he smelt like the brunette on the way back to their tents.They didn’t kiss or make love. They just snuggled down in the bed together and fell asleep. Steve needed comfort and safety, not lust and heated sex that would just make him feel more confused. There would be time for that later. Right now, he needed sleep and Bucky’s arms around him.***
 2017 
Steve had been on suppressants since coming back from the ice. Through it all, through the fall of Hydra and losing Bucky on that water bank and, even after discovering Bucky again and then everything that followed. After Bucky got his mind back and a new arm and his health was up and flying. Even after being reunited, he still hadn’t stopped. After losing Bucky and falling into ice and that experience he’d had on his first ever heat, he was terrified to stop using them.But now, now he had no choice.He had run out of tablets. And it was too late to go out and buy any more. The stores were closed and he’d be putting himself in danger (not that he couldn’t defend himself but it would be difficult) against other alphas. He could hear Bucky coming up the lift. Hear the pounding of his heart and f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Sex
Making Love
Anal Sex
Gentle Sex
True Love
Anal Fingering
Multiple Orgasms
Simultaneous Orgasm
Coming In Pants
Praise Kink
Endearments
Love Bites
Pet Names
Adorable Steve Rogers
Shy Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Knotting
Scent Marking
Scent Kink
Mating Bond
Soul Bond
Attempted Sexual Assault
not between steve and bucky
nothing happens though
Bucky Saves Steve
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
THERE IS NO RAPE
just a warning
It's An Attempt
By An Asshole
Everything Between Steve And Bucky Is
Safe Sane and Consensual
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

