Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If there was ever a complaint about all this, Steve could definitely blame it on Tony. Because if Tony had agreed to spar with him when he asked, instead of staying in his workshop working on some upgrades he could have easily left for later, Steve would have never gone to Clint’s floor, looking for somebody to train with. And, if by any chance that was not enough to absolve himself from any blame, Steve could also argue that if Tony hadn’t given him full access to the Tower, he would have never stepped into Clint’s living room without knocking or giving him a heads up. Yes, that sounded very unlike Steve, since he was the only one in the Tower who usually tried to respect everyone in all possible ways – privacy included – but Clint was the one whom Steve usually hung out with when he didn’t feel like being alone and Tony refused to leave the workshop – something that happened too frequently to Steve’s liking – and Steve had gotten used to just making himself at home in Clint’s floor without any invitation. Besides, what was the worst thing that could happened? That Steve ran into Clint and Phil while they were making out on the couch? That wasn’t a big deal, especially since both of them had caught him and Tony doing the same thing several times. Call it even, Clint would certainly say if that ever happened. But, of all the possible scenarios Steve could have encountered when going into Clint’s living room, the one that appeared in front of his eyes was one he would have never imagined.  “Be quiet,” Phil asked, his index finger on his mouth gesturing silence. Though Steve couldn’t really think of anything to say to break the silence. He just stood there, next to the doorframe, trying to make sense of what he was watching. “He had a hard time trying to fall asleep,” he commented whispering, his hand stroking Clint’s hair gently. Phil seemed completely oblivious of the fact that Steve’s confused expression wasn’t caused by Phil not wanting him to make any noise, but by Clint himself. Or rather, by what Clint was wearing. A t-shirt and what was undoubtedly a diaper. Why on earth was Clint wearing a diaper?Getting the feeling he wasn’t supposed to be there, Steve thought about turning around and leaving. But the stupefaction apparently messed up his brain and made it send wrong messages to his body, because instead of leaving, Steve went deep into the living room, standing a few inches in front of them. “Sorry if you came to hang out with him, but I’d rather you postpone whatever it was what you’d planned to do,” Phil asked, still murmuring. Now that Steve was closer to them, he could see Clint was sucking his thumb, which only confused him more. What exactly was happening here? “The last mission was a hard one, and he was having nightmares all night,” he sighed. “In short, he was having a very bad day. So, I want him to sleep as much as possible,” he finished saying, hushing Clint tenderly when the latter twitched in his sleep. “Is there something wrong?” Phil questioned, looking up at Steve. He had just stayed there, staring at them without doing or saying anything. “What are you doing?” Steve managed to enunciate. “What do you mean?” Phil asked, raising an eyebrow to emphasize his confusion. “Why’s he wearing that?” Steve wanted to know, pointing at the white diaper. “Well, he was feeling littler than normal, so I didn’t want him to have an accident and pull-ups can’t hold as much as diapers do.” Phil answered, although his explanation only managed to baffled Steve more. “Littler? Accident? I’m sorry, but I’m not really following you,” Steve confessed. Phil’s eyebrows drew together in bewilderment. “You mean you didn’t know?”“I didn’t know what?” “About the age play,” Phil said, and Steve couldn’t help feeling a bit annoyed. The more Phil said, the less he understood. He shook his head. “Man, I thought you knew, I mean, you two spending a lot of time together and everything. I thought he had mentioned it or something,” he babbled, clearly mortified, “And even if he hadn’t commented you anything, he isn’t precisely discreet about it, you know, sometimes his behavior goes further than just being a man child, I thought you had figured it out by now or at least I thought you had an idea of it. I mean, you’re here, he knows you come and go as you like, he would’ve asked JARVIS not to let anyone in whenever he was little if you hadn’t already known and he didn’t want you to find out,” he declared, speaking tensely and faster than usual. “Phil, I have no idea of what you’re talking about or what all this is about,” Steve assured, taking a few steps towards the armchair and sitting down on it. Suddenly, standing up there without doing anything seemed just off. “Jeez, I don’t think he’ll be mad because you found out, but I think he would’ve preferred to tell you himself in that case. So, perhaps you might want to say nothing about it?” Phil proposed.“I can’t say anything about something I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Infantilism
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Diapers
bottles
Pacifiers
Cuddling
Baby!Tony
Toddler!Clint
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
Hurt/Comfort
Bathing
Feeding
Carrying
Nightmares
Little Headspace
Sibling Rivalry
Fussy Littles

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

