Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Erik was not a man who typically enjoyed the theatrical arts.  He’d lived in New York City long enough to learn that much about himself.  The traditional fare of musicals was too trite for his tastes.  Plays were too long and dull to be worth putting up with; their plots too easy to predict and their characters lacking depth, though whether that was due to the skill of the writers or the actors Erik knew not.  His mother, on the other hand, loved the theatre, and for all that the musicals made him roll his eyes and the plays had him checking his watch every five minutes, he found the entire exercise worth it to watch her watch the performances.  After growing up watching his mother deny herself in one of the theatre capitols of the world, Erik enjoyed treating her to her favorite pastime on a weekly basis.  For all that the theatre itself rarely did anything but bore him terribly, Erik delighted in both the excuse to spend time with her and the joy she took from what they saw.  On occasion, Erik was surprised to find that he had enjoyed one of their excursions.  This was, however, the exception and not the rule.
Mousetrap had been well reviewed, and Erik’s business associate had canceled on him at the last minute, leaving him in London without plans.  He’d been wandering the streets absently when he found himself standing in front of the theatre and staring up at the name and the time of the performance.  Looking down at his watch, he shrugged his shoulders and entered.  If it ended up being unbearable, he could always slip out.  And at least it would give him something to do other than stare at his ceiling.  Besides, he could tell his mother about it.  The thought of her expression at hearing he had gone to the theatre of his own volition was enough to bring a smile to Erik’s lips.  When he saw the ticket attendant quail at the sight of it, he only grinned wider, showing all his teeth.
His expression and his wallet managed to secure him a center seat in an aisle that was nearly deserted.  If Erik was going to willingly subject himself to the theatre, he wasn’t going to do it surrounded by all and sundry.  In a further effort to avoid as much unnecessary human contact as possible, Erik went directly to his seat. Waiting in the house for the show to start would necessitate being near far too many people.  Erik found taking his chances on being passed by one or two people to be preferable to standing in the middle of a throng of idiots.
He busied himself pretending to read his program, though in reality most of his thoughts were on the meeting tomorrow.  Erik had built his empire from the ground up, learning as a young boy and teenager the various roles within a syndicate the only way a poor Jewish immigrant could - by working his way up through the ranks.  When a twenty-five-year-old Erik felt he understood enough, he set about trying to build his own empire from the ground up.  Erik valued respect and loyalty far too much to ever do any of his previous employers the discourtesy of betraying them.  Besides, Erik wanted to own what he did, every single piece.  Wanted it to be his work, something he could take pride in building.  Erik had started cutting out piece after piece of his territory and profit through determination and blood, slowly spreading his influence to other states.  Now here he was, finally beginning to make some headway internationally. It was the fact that it was all as a result of his own work that made this moment, eight years later, all the sweeter. 
Erik was brought abruptly out of his thoughts by the sound of someone clearing their throat beside him. He fought the urge to roll his eyes as he scooted as far back in his seat as he could without looking up.  He wasn’t going to stand for this idiot, whoever he was.
The feel of the heat of another body passing close to his had his eyes darting up automatically before returning to the program, only to jerk upwards again once he processed what he had seen.  Because surely what he thought he had seen had been a simple trick brought about by how quickly he had looked up.
It wasn't.
A round, firm, glorious arse clad in a pair of well-fitting trousers was edging its way past his face.  Erik couldn’t do anything but stare.  It was all he could do to resist the temptation to reach out and touch.  Erik casually slid lower in his chair, pushing his long legs out further into the narrow space between his seat and the seat in front of him.  He knew that the additional obstacle would slow the man before him and prolong his chance to stare in a non-obvious way.  He briefly considered tripping his quarry while he still had the chance, giving him even more time to look, perhaps even the chance to touch,  but wasn’t sure he was willing to risk the scene this might cause.  Better to let the man pass unmolested, so that he might have the opportunity to look again.
Erik managed to hold back his sigh of disappointment as the man fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - Mob
Past Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Kidnapping
Long-Distance Relationship
Pining
Family
Aftermath of Torture
Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Protective Erik
Possessive Erik

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

