Work Text:
The words came in as Steve dragged himself home from the game, sharp enough to make him gasp and clutch his left wrist. It was one of those sweltering July evenings where the cover of dusk did little to alleviate the humidity and the heat left him groggy and slow, but the unexpected pain cleared the fog from his mind. He dealt with pain often enough that he was almost used to it, but this was different, unfamiliar and needlepoint precise as it lanced straight through him down to his marrow.Bucky turned, zeroing in on the arm he cradled against his chest. “I knew you hit that ball wrong,” he said. His lips twisted into a displeased pucker. “I didn’t. I don’t know what’s wrong with it,” Steve replied. He moved his arm away from himself gingerly, careful not to jar it in any way, before freezing. Black ink peeked out from under his thumb, stark against his fair skin.His words had come in.He gripped his wrist tighter, hard enough that the tips of his nails faded into bleached crescents. All he could do was stay rooted to the spot, his jackrabbiting heart forcing his breaths to come in labored and ragged.You want this. You’ve always wanted this, he thought, but he couldn’t peel his fingers off of his wrist even so.Only good can come out of it, he reminded himself fiercely, and only then did he swallow his dread and shift his thumb up to the heel of his palm.His stomach flipped as he took in his soulmate’s untidy scrawl. It was dark and impossible to hide—permanent—and it was more beautiful than anything he had ever seen. All the doubt he had had disappeared in a flash, leaving him defenseless against a wave of awe and joy that pulled him under so quickly, he was drowning before he could think of bracing himself.“My words,” he managed to choke out. A lump formed in his throat, trapping his words inside him, growing painful the longer he waited for it to disappear. He lowered his arm to explain instead, trying his best not to tremble.Bucky leaned forward, winter blue eyes wide with wonder. He opened his mouth, shut it, and then opened it again. Steve would have teased him if he hadn’t felt just as stunned.“What did it feel like?” Bucky finally asked. His eyes were glued to Steve’s wrist as though he couldn’t tear his gaze away.“Like lightning.”The pain had been razor-sharp, but bright like electricity coursing through him, changing every atom of his being.“Sounds painful,” Bucky said, wincing, and Steve wanted to blurt out that no, it hadn’t been when it wasn't true. It had been painful. But he didn’t care that it had been, and he didn’t know how to explain that, his emotions crowding the inside of his ribcage and piling up at the back of his throat, too big to squeeze into words. He settled for just shaking his head.All that mattered, he wanted to say, was that he had a soulmate. They were out there somewhere waiting for him, words that he would one day say to them tattooed on their skin. That was worth the pain, any pain, ten times over. He had finally gotten his words—and before anyone else did too.He thought of everyone who had taunted or pitied him, assuming he would die before he got them, and it must have shown on his face, the way he wanted to burst into laughter, punch drunk on love, because Bucky knocked shoulders with him, grinning brightly enough that it almost felt like noon again.“You always gotta prove everyone wrong, huh?” he asked.“My goal in life,” Steve said, and Bucky cheerfully quipped back a reply as they made their way home again although Steve didn’t hear him, his mind once more on his words.So was I, he read under the street lights blinking on in the velvet evening. He ran his thumb reverently over his wrist, thinking about how, out of the hundreds of millions of people in the world, the two of them were somehow chosen to be destined for each other. He felt small and significant at once, set apart from the rest of the world even with rows of cramped apartment buildings sandwiching him on both sides and people milling about on the street. He was separate and singular—alone—but he had never felt less lonely than he did in that moment.So was I, he read again. He repeated the words over and over in his head like a mantra, engulfed in happiness of an intensity he had never felt before.
So was I, so was I, so was I.
 By the time war broke out, Steve had stopped thinking about his words as often as he had used to. He had had them for more than a decade now, and the novelty had worn off once he realized he couldn’t spend his entire life constantly jumping whenever someone said his words or wondering if they would whenever he talked to them. His words weren’t that common, but they weren’t unique either, not like Bucky’s were, and he had heard enough variations of the line on his wrist over the years that he had forced himself to ignore it, only thinking about it occasionally.The last time he had was at the Expo. He had watched Bucky salute him and leave with their dates and thought that t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Angst
Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

