Work Text:
 Peter wakes tangled in too many layers. He struggles, disoriented and twisted in wet blankets, and his desperate strength rips the sheets. It’s only that the audible tear of fabric that makes Peter stop.His heartbeat slows. Carefully, carefully, Peter pries himself out of bed. The sheets are soaked through with sweat and blood. His borrowed pyjamas are drenched. The dark red is alarming in the grey of the room.The door slides open, and Peter skitters backward until he’s pressed against the headboard. His spider-sense is quiet, but he can’t rely on that. Bad things can happen without warning; if nothing else, Peter knows this much.“Whoa, whoa!” It’s Tony Stark, hands held out in front him, unthreatening and not quite real in dark wash jeans and a charcoal blazer. “Relax, shutterbug. It’s just me.”“Hi, just me,” Peter manages to say with his wrecked voice, “I’m Peter.”Tony doesn’t smile. Peter doesn’t move away from the headboard.“You’ve bleed through your bandages,” Tony notes. “We should get that fixed up.”“I accidentally wrecked your blankets. I’m sorry.” Tony takes a step forward, and Peter can’t help but inch a little further away. “I should go before I bleed on anything else.”“You’re staying here,” Tony says, brisk, and Peter finds it hard to swallow with his bruised throat. “You’re… God, kid, I can’t believe what you went through—”Peter can’t do this. He’s tough, resilient to the point of superhuman. That radioactive spider gave him bones of steel and an in-built warning system. Peter can whether all kinds of storms.But Norman is a different breed of monster and Peter’s too raw. The incident is too fresh. He can still feel the older man on his skin. He knows Norman’s touch intimately—hands encircling his throat, fists against his cheek, the ghost of fingers dipping into Peter’s mouth and venturing lower, exploring—“I want to go home,” Peter says.“I’m sorry, I can’t let you do that. I need to keep you for observation.”“My Aunt—”“Thinks you’re staying overnight at a friend’s house. You should call her. I don’t think she entirely believed my text.” Tony shrugs casually, and Peter breathes a little easier. There’s no pressure here. “I don’t understand how kids talk these days. You think I can imitate a 15 year old’s texting style?”“My voice,” Peter says. He touches the hollow of his throat as though he can see the bruises that sit there.Tony studies him for a moment. His expression is unreadable. “You should tell her.”Peter almost jumps out of bed. “What? I’m—no.”“You should tell someone.” Tony comes closer, one slow step at a time, and sits on the bed. Tension builds beneath Peter’s skin. He’s a cocked gun ready to fire. “An adult. Multiple adults, if you can.”“Adults,” Peter repeats, incredulous. “I’m not a baby.”Tony laughs a little, and Peter sits there, bleeding and offended all at once. “You’re fifteen.”“I’m old enough.”“You need people in your corner. Why do you think the Avengers formed?”“Because that turned out so well.” Tony can’t hide the way he jerks, face twisting in a grimace. Peter almost wants to take the words back. The Accords are still a new wound. Peter was there for the airport battle, but he wasn’t there for the lead-up or the aftermath.It must have been bad. There are more lines on Tony’s face. Peter doesn’t want to add to the billionaire’s stress, or put anymore grey hairs on May’s head, or let anyone else die because he was too self-absorbed to do anything.He can’t bring Uncle Ben back, but he can do this much.“You almost died,” Tony starts. There’s no snark in his words. “You almost died, and no one would’ve known. You need to reach out when you’re in danger.”“I did!” Peter’s anger settles in like an old friend. “I called people, okay? I called two different people who I trusted to come help me, and neither of them could.” He scrubs a hand through his oily hair. He needs a shower. “That isn’t their fault, I know, they’ve got other important things they need to deal with. I’m alone in this, and that’s—that’s fine.”“That’s not fine—”“What do you want from me?” Peter’s torso feels wetter than it had before; his wounds must be bleeding freely. “I got nabbed by the Goblin, and he was going to kill me, and when I broke away and called for help, I got turned down. What—what was I supposed to do? I didn’t ask for that.” Peter presses a shaking fist against his temple. He stubbornly grits his teeth. “I didn’t ask him to hurt me.”Tony puts a hand on Peter’s knee. “That shouldn’t have happened to you.”“It did,” Peter says, and the words come out small and fragile. His hand hovers over the stab wound in his side. Peter feels the tightness in his throat, the ache of his burnt out nerves, and thinks, frantically, this happened to me.Peter’s relatively new to being hero. Every experience feels new. He wonders if the joy at saying lives will ever ebb. He wonders if he’ll get used to being held down and ripped open.“It did,” Tony agrees, only a hair louder than Peter, “and I’m going to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Aftermath of Torture
mentions of norman osborn's usual brand of creepiness
Guilt

fandom: 
None
