Work Text:

Featherbrain
 Steve and Bucky had beautiful wings, long and wide and wonderfully understated. Steve had the wings of a golden eagle; a deep, chocolate brown on the outsides with little patches of a lighter brown and white, and the underside gold at the tips that spread up his wings like rays of sunshine. Bucky, not outdone in the slightest, had gray-headed albatross wings; dark gray like charcoal on the backs, with the underside a white with a black border. Their wings were powerful, and they looked beautiful when they presented to each other, gray on gold and brown on black and white. Tony frowned as he spread his wings to examine them. His wings were shorter, not the gaping appendages his teammates had. They were green up against his skin, striped in black and white speckles closest to his back, tipped with tan, with a column of blue-green feathers that darkened to brown-bordering-on-black in between. They were loud; they drew attention. They were part of the reason Natasha, an Ural owl, had put narcissistic on his psyche evaluation. “Are you getting ready for a press conference, Stark?” Natasha asked, clapping a hand on his shoulder as she walked past him. Tony hurriedly tucked his wings flat against his back, embarrassed to be caught. “No.” “Oh.” She turned back to face him and paused, just looking at him, before she stepped up beside him to look at the mirror. “What are we looking at? Do you need me to preen you?” “I was just… looking,” Tony explained lamely. Natasha glanced at him again, then spread her own wings, creamy white with thick brown stripes. She frowned at them, flapping silently. “Comparing them to Steve and Bucky’s again?” The brunet awkwardly spread his wings again, the tan tips brushing against her cream-colored ones. “Yeah.” “I like your wings,” she said, brushing their wings together lightly. “Especially the speckles. You should let me preen them more often.” Tony rolled his eyes to hide the fact that he was blushing. “Yeah, right.” Before the assassin could snap at him, he continued, “Your favorite part is where the tan and blues meet.” Natasha opened her mouth, then closed it again. “…The speckles are cute too,” she finally said, shrugging. “Yeah. But they’re loud,” Tony added quietly. “…Loud and bright and too much.” She frowned at him. “Tony, that’s not—” “It’s not attractive to most people.” “—true are you fucking kidding me,” she sighed, frowning. “Tony.” “Even peahens think I’m too much,” Tony muttered, curling his wings around his body unconsciously. “I don’t know. Maybe I’m past my prime. …I’m going to die alone.” Natasha scowled at him. “Not that you’ll have a problem but if you don’t have someone in a year, I’ll marry you.” Tony frowned at her. “You don’t wanna be stuck with an old man like me.” “I’m going to put you through so much athletic sex that the honeymoon will be a blur to you,” she snarled. Tony blinked slowly. “I feel threatened? But also turned on? Why are you like this.” She turned, wingtips brushing against his face before she folded her wings gracefully against her back again. “I am wonderful.” “I mean, you’re not wrong, but I can’t believe you’d be willing to marry my old, boring ass.” “You’re not old, Jesus,” Natasha sighed, rolling her eyes. “And boring is a word that would only ever describe you if you were dead. Then you would be boring.” Tony beamed at her. “That’s so nice!” “I’m always nice,” she told him. “You’re not, but I like that about you,” Tony informed her. “You’ve got this dominatrix thing going on. If you decide to tie me up and spank me when we’re married, I’d be totally on board with that.” Natasha choked on air, blushing. .-.-.-.-.-. “He said that?” Bucky asked in disbelief. Then he frowned. “Actually no, I believe he’d say that.” “I’m surprised Natasha let him get away with saying that,” Steve admitted. “I didn’t know that shade of red was possible on her.” Bucky snorted. “Please, Steve. She’s probably looking forward to it. Which is why we need to get him to fall for us first.” The blond frowned, brows furrowed together. “Are you ever going to explain what this rivalry between you and Natasha is about? I mean, sometimes you guys are really chummy and then other times she has you in a headlock and you’re threatening her with a knife.” “Our bond is unique and sometimes fragile and that’s all the explanation you’re getting,” Bucky informed him. Steve squinted at him because the explanation made sense but he could really do with more details. “Besides, that was a great idea,” the brunet continued. “I want to tie Tony up and spank him. You may help.” “What the fuck, Bucky,” Steve said, but wasn’t going to lie and say he wasn’t interested in the idea. “I’d be happy with just one date.” Bucky pointed at him. “Yes, we need to date first. That will pave the way to a loving relationship and awesome sex.” Steve sighed. “Oh my God, Bucky.” “Have you seen his ass!?” the brunet exclaimed, holding his hands out in the general shape of Tony’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Wings
Wingfic
Fluff
Minor Bucky/Natasha Violence
No one actually gets hurt
Tony Being Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

