Work Text:
"Not now Tony, just... Just leave me alone alright?" 
 Tony thought he made Steve happy. He thought their relationship was going pretty good. Sure they had only been officially dating for a few months, but that didn't mean it wasn't serious.After their blissful honeymoon phase where they made the other Avengers sick with their constant making out everywhere, small arguments happened. It was never anything serious or big. Just arguing briefly over socks left on the floor or snoring at night.Normal couple fights. Tony knew about those, he had them with Pepper as well. He learnt that they were pretty normal as long as you didn't let them control the relationship. (Pepper's words not his.)They dated and spent lazy Sundays curled up on the couch together.It was amazing. Until Tony fucked up. 
 He had been waiting for the moment. From the day he started dating Steve, people had been warning him not to hurt the Captain. Like he wasn't already terrified of doing that.Tony just knew things would end in flames. He would annoy Steve until the breaking point and be pushed aside. It was inevitable. Natasha bet Clint ten bucks that they wouldn't last a month.Sure she was probably joking, but Tony almost agreed with her.The engineer enjoyed his relationship and worked hard to postpone the moment he'd end up alone again. Because if Steve left, the whole team would follow.Maybe Bruce would stay for a bit, until he grew tired of Tony as well. Everyone did eventually. 
 It all came to an end about a week ago. Tony had performed some risky manoeuvres during their mission to save the last civilians in a collapsing building.Of course Captain Rogers was happy with the saved lives. But Steve was worried sick about his boyfriend who had survived the disaster due to some sort of miracle.Tony didn't understand what the big deal was, he'd do it again any day.Steve needed a moment to cool off. "Not now Tony, just... Just leave me alone alright?" That's how it ended. 
 Tony had nodded in acceptance and walked out of the conference room not quite realising what had happened yet.That night when he sat on their- well, on his bed, waiting for Steve to come up, it dawned on him.Of course. This was it. They were over. And here he was, waiting up for the boyfriend that just dumped him.Jarvis said he had a message from Steve, but Tony didn't want to hear it. Kind sweet Steve was probably just making sure Tony was alright after being dumped and he really didn't need to hear that right now. He wasn't, by the way. He really wasn't alright. 
 If there was anything Tony was good at it was avoiding his problems until they either went away or bit him in the ass.So he locked himself in his workshop and closed off contact with the outside world.Once he came up he knew he would be alone, the others would have left ages ago. So until he went up, he could pretend they were still there. It was kind of like Schrödinger's Cat. As long as he didn't go upstairs his ex teammates were and weren't there at the same time.He was trying to fool himself, but what else could he do? Having the time to organise his thoughts, Tony realised that he really loved Steve. As in, he really didn't want him to leave and kinda wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.Such a shame he was a useless shit who just got sent away. So he would just have to change that then. 
 Maybe following all the advice Pepper once gave him would be a good start. He'd follow Steve's advice, but for some reason Steve never told him how to change. Which was weird since it was basically all Tony ever talked about with Pepper.A shrink first. That wasn't too difficult, he just called one of the many many cards Pep ever gave him and set an appointment. What next? The alcohol, definitely. The bottles hidden everywhere in the workshop were located and drained with the help of the bots. But without Jarvis. He had been muted since he kept trying to play Steve's messages.Get a shrink, check. Stop drinking, check. Stop flirting, he could totally do that. What else... He'd have to be nicer, work harder, make time for Steve a lot, and follow orders.That wasn't too bad... 
 After a week of being locked away in his workshop and creating a full plan of attack, Tony finally got out.He took a long bath first, the shower in the workshop only went as far, shaved, and got dressed in some newer jeans and a nice white plain shirt. No holes, no old band logos.When he walked into the kitchen only Bruce and Natasha were there, both surprised but not both showing it. "Tony? Are you alright? Everyone has been trying to contact you for days..." Bruce said worriedly while holding a steaming mug of tea close.Instead of smirking, Tony smiled softly and apologised. "I muted Jarvis, I didn't mean to miss anything important. Was there a mission?""No... Just, we were worried, that's all..." Doctor Banner muttered surprised and indeed worried for his friend's sanity.Natasha wasn't so subtle and simply stared at Tony with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Miscommunication
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Insecurity
Insecure Tony
Fluff
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Break Up
Making Up
Not really a breakup

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

