Chapter 1: Tony
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Tony
......On Sunday morning, Steve goes for bagels.“Let’s see.” He pats his pockets down with one hand. “Jacket, wallet, keys... Think I’m set.”There is a lot of shrieking going on. Tony leans out of the kitchen, coffee mug in hand. “Might want to leave that here,” he says, nodding at Steve’s burden.Steve whirls around, holding Sarah’s legs safely in place. “What, this? I don’t even know how I got this.”“You picked me up!” Sarah cries from over his shoulder. Her face is ruddy in the cheeks, her smile wider than the sea. She kicks her legs futilely, and one atomic green slipper hits the wall with a thunk.“No, I would have remembered that—” Steve turns his head and buzzes her side, and Sarah’s shrieking reaches a fever pitch. Tony raises his brows and sips his coffee. “Besides,” Steve says, “the bagel place doesn’t need any potatoes.”“Sackapotatoes!” Sarah crows, and Steve buzzes her again.“Here, give me that.” Tony sets his mug down and holds out his arms, gesturing with both hands. “I have to feed it or it gets cranky.”Steve folds Sarah down off his shoulder in a smooth roll, cradling her on her back like a baby. He swoops in and gives her a long, noisy kiss on the neck. Sarah giggles and pushes his face away.“One of these days, you’re going to figure out you like bagels,” Steve tells her. Sarah makes a gagging sound, complete with tongue hanging out of her mouth, and Steve passes her over. Tony promptly slings her up over his own shoulder and heads for the kitchen.Sarah screams delightedly.“Hey, you want lox?”Tony turns, careful of the doorjamb, and Sarah drums her fingers against his back. “When have I ever not wanted lox?”Steve gives him the eye. “Uh, that would be yesterday.”“Locks?” Tony can practically hear Sarah’s nose squinch.“Get me real salmon,” he says. “And sundried tomato. And garlic and green onions.”Steve gives him a look of horror, then sighs and crosses the hall again. He takes Tony’s nape and cajoles him into a heavy kiss. Tony grunts appreciatively. “Ewwww.” Sarah’s moan is muffled against Tony’s shirt. Steve pulls away and pats Tony’s cheek. “For the dry spell after that bagel.” He waggles his eyebrows and heads again for the elevator.“Oh, you’ll be back for this,” Tony calls after him as the doors shut. Sarah grabs the back of his t-shirt. “What’s locks?”“Lox. L-O-X. Pink stuff, made of squashed fish.”She hums doubtfully, and he takes her into the kitchen, depositing her onto one of the stools by the counter.“JARVIS, we got eggs?”“A full dozen, sir.”“Then give my girl the comics, will you?”“The Post or the Daily?”Tony throws up his hands. “What kind of hotel are we running here? Both. Throw in the Times cartoons.”The countertop 3-D flares up, spinning a column of cartoon strips into the air in front of Sarah. She touches one and settles in on her elbows to read her way slowly through. Tony turns back to the stovetop, tapping it to life. He pulls a pan down from the wall and grabs the carton of eggs out of the fridge. To the right, toast pops up, smoking just a little. He slides it onto a plate for her and gives her the butter. For a few minutes, the only sounds are the tick of the range, the scrape of her knife, and the clatter of metal as Tony rifles through a drawer for more utensils. “Papa.”“Daughter.”“What’re you making?”Tony cracks an egg in the pan and dumps the shell. “Protein. Necessary for future world rulers. You want anything in it?”“Chocolate chips.”“Chocolate chips and protein, that’s craziness, no child of mine is eating that. How about cheese? You like cheese. We’ve got the orange kind or the white kind, or the chunks of dried fruit in it kind.”At his wave, she hops off her chair and shuffles to the refrigerator, and when he holds out his hand, she plops a bag of Nestle’s morsels into it. “The chocolate kind.”“You are ridiculous, who eats chocolate chips with their protein?” He opens the bag and sprinkles a handful onto the eggs, where they immediately start melting. “You know what, I don’t think I know you. Do you live here?”“Papa.” She rolls her eyes and crunches on a piece of toast.“Seriously, I’m waiting for my daughter to get up for breakfast, she’ll be here any minute and you’re eating her toast—” He forks a lump of chocolate chip scrambled egg into his mouth. “—wow, this is really good, there’s a party in my mouth, this is just, this is disgusting, give me a napkin.”“I am comfortable with my chocolate and protein,” she recites, nodding in time with every third word.“Oh, I know exactly where that came from, JARVIS, edit that and send it to Her Royal Spyness. Set it as all of her ringtones, turn her volume up, and treat her to a continuous demo.”“Sir, Agent Romanoff is in Tokyo, where it is currently almost midnight.”Tony waits. “Yes?”JARVIS’ sigh sounds careworn. “Calling now.”A moment later, Tony’s phone beeps, but by then he has his hands full of protein-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Domestic
Future Fic
Angst
Child In Danger
Character Whomping
Injury
Extremis
Blood
Marriage
Post-Iron Man 3
Villains
Off-screen massacre
Battle
Superfamily
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Natasha Romanov

