Work Text:
Tony often gets asked what he does in those quiet, in-between times, the times when he’s not in the public eye at some event or flying around in his suit. It depends on who is asking, but his common answer is to relax in the shop with Jarvis and his bots. They invent stuff, tune up his cars, and generally relax. What he doesn’t say is that sometimes - when there is no inventing to be done, when the bots are connected up to their charging ports and the cars are sublimely tuned and polished to a fine shine – he has another pastime. It is a bit of a guilty pleasure and partly made up of his curiosity with his products. He goes on to the internet support forums as an official moderator and troubleshoots software problems. No one, not even the other mods, know who he is. Under the screen name “Tetsujin” he has perfect anonymity; he’s masquerading as a Stark employee. His little job is unofficial, hours unfixed, and his few posts and responses cannot be connected together and are unsearchable within the forum. He doesn’t draw attention to himself. The queries on the forum are the ones that cannot be solved by a simple phone call to Stark Tech Support, the really juicy problems. He mainly trawls for software update ideas and tweaks for existing systems; he only intervenes if there is a particularly vexing puzzle on the hands of the support staff. They’re well trained and don’t tend to need his help, but on the rare occasions they do... it’s because something spectacular is happening. Tony has started developing blocking systems that stop background telepathic signals from interfering with the computer software; not direct blocking, it’s not that strong, but the little unintended signals. One family in particular has been helping him out with that. After some investigation into the family (tech had all been taken back in, tested and returned with the report that it was in perfect working order. Interference peaked when everyone was in the house and when people were getting restless, hungry or annoyed.) Tony called them and their personal tablets and computers to the main Stark HQ. What he didn’t tell them was that they’d be meeting him, and that a representative of Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters was going to be there too. It turned out that the two kids – five and eight – and the dad were all latent telepaths. The father was quite weak, but the kids showed signs of becoming relatively strong with proper training. What had been interfering with their systems was just the background, uncontrolled outbursts from frustrated young minds. With the prospect of a good school as the kids grew older and the extra income that testing the new systems brought in, the family were more than happy to help. Now, Tony is getting bored between projects again, so he was trawling the forums for ideas. Soon enough up popped a query on the software/OS boards from someone with the username LewisNYC. Scanning through the problem and cross-referencing the device data with his software issue testing protocol, he was drawing a blank. It was similar to the telepathic interference case, but the computer had already been looked over by the same team and they’d reported back with having found none of the telepathic markers usually present on the system. There had been no physical damage to the systems, just data corruption. There had been two forum techs already troubleshooting the problem, but Tony wanted to have a go himself. He called up the software data and got started on identifying the damage points. As he worked he typed a quick private message to Lewis, introducing himself and asking a couple of questions about how much he used his laptop and when the outages had most frequently occurred. He didn’t expect much information, especially since the same questions had already been asked in the initial investigation. What he didn’t expect was a quick and detailed response his queries, detailing when the episodes had happened, precise durations of effect and exactly how long it had taken the laptop to patch the corruption afterwards. As for what Lewis had been doing at the time? He was writing a book. The message was signed off with the words: ‘all the best, Lewis.’ Tony smiles at the screen, the message was a bit stiff and formal, but Tony gets the impression that the person on the other side is bright and intelligent. Perfect. 
So, how much do you know about programming? – T

 

I’ll confess, not a lot. I’m really quite analogue. I’ve used computers before, but this is the first one I’ve ever owned myself. – L

 

How are you finding it? – T

 

Frustrating. – L

 

Well, d’you want me to fill you in on what I’m planning to do? – T

 

I suppose that it wouldn’t hurt. Try to not destroy it please. – L

 

Hah, nah, I’d need a hammer and you a little closer to me to do that. You bought a sturdy model in that one. No, I’m planning to write you a bit of code, a patch to add on to your system, it should work against the damage as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pen Pals
E-mail
Fluff and Angst
Angst

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

