Chapter 1



Notes:

(This story is on hiatus until further notice. Chapter 16 is an author's note; see for more details.)

This is my first straight-up h/c fic. I'll admit there's not much in the way of an actual plot to what I've written so far; it's mostly just an excuse to write the Avengers and Loki in a domestic environment, whilst packing in angst and delicious brofeels along the way (and whump. You guys know I survive off of whump; my evilness knows no bounds! XD). The premise isn't exactly unique, but I hope there's some stuff in here that piques your interest.
The 'M' rating is mostly for the torture stuff.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony Stark had just dropped something. He wasn't sure what he'd just dropped, because his mind, quite frankly, didn't care at the moment. It fell and clanged on the floor, something metal and heavy- but he paid it no attention.
Thor. It was Thor. Standing in front of him, so suddenly in front of him, as though he'd popped out of nowhere, right into Tony's workshop.
Tony cursed something, but he didn't realize it, he just stared, dumbfounded, blinking.
"Uh," he finally got out.
"Anthony Stark," said Thor, a strangely sad and desperate look on the normally sunny face.
Tony was sitting down. He hadn't been sitting down a second ago, but he was sitting now. Why am I sitting down? So he stood up, slowly approaching the thunderer.
"Uh," he said again. "Did you just-" He whipped his head around. How did he get in here? The workshop- Tony's workshop -in Avengers Tower required a key-code to enter. "How did you get in here?" He asked, trying to regain his normally nonchalant composure.
He looked around again, searching for any holes the god might have made whilst barging in here. The god of thunder wasn't exactly the most patient of people, he might have just lost his patience and-
"I require your help, Stark," said the thunderer, his quieted and slightly quaking voice giving Tony pause.
"Right- Okay. And, uh, it's just 'Tony'." No matter how many times he had told him, it was always, 'Stark', 'Son of Howard', 'Man of Iron', 'Metal Man'- Tony was tired of it ten minutes after he met the blonde god.
Thor hadn't moved. Which was strange, since he normally gave everyone within hugging distance- which was really just everyone within earshot -a crushing embrace that never failed to bruise.
"What with?" Stark asked, trying to go about his business as if nothing strange was happening. He moved things around the work table, not really doing anything, but he suddenly felt the need to look busy. When Thor didn't say anything, he asked again, without looking at the god: "So are you gonna tell me how you got in here, or am I gonna have to guess-"
Tony stopped. Thor had moved. Just one step to the side.
Then Tony realized, he and Thor weren't the only ones in this room.
.
His head was spinning, his eyes wide, his body rigid. Tony Stark did not like what he was seeing.
"What the f- I- How did-" His mouth was moving but his words weren't working right. Finally, one word made it out that he was actually trying to get out: "Loki?"
Because there before the genius was none other than the god of mischief himself, brother of Thor, trickster extraordinaire, and would-be conqueror of Earth.
"Thor..." Tony was glad his voice was back. "Did you...hit me in the head recently and I don't remember? Because, I'm pretty sure I'm hallucinating your brother. Not the best hallucination, I admit, but who says hallucinations have to be something you want to see-"
"Stark," interrupted Thor, looking like he wanted to step closer to explain, but he remained next to his brother, his hand around the smaller god's arm.
"Please tell me I'm imagining him, Thor..." Tony blinked several times, as though that would make the image before him change.
"You are not imagining him, my friend," said Thor, a sadness still lingering behind cobalt blue eyes.
And suddenly Tony noticed Thor's armor. The thunder god's typically pristine armor was marred by splotches of blood and smeared dirt, and the edges of his red cape were burned. He sported no injuries that Tony could see- Thank God -but he looked as though he had just been through a prolonged battle.
And Loki... What's wrong with his eyes? Stark stared at the trickster, mouth agape. And what the fu-! "Thor." Tony could barely get the name out, he couldn't take his eyes off the dark-haired god.
"Yes, Stark?" Thor said quietly, letting his friend observe at his own pace.
"Why are his lips sewn shut?" It didn't sound like a question, even though it was. Tony realized his voice was an octave higher, but he was surprised he managed to even ask anything at all. "And...his eyes...what's up with..."
Thor was nodding, and Tony kept staring, staring at the enemy he once fought. He doesn't notice that Thor hasn't answered him.
Loki's eyes are white, so white; as though he's blind. And by the way he stares at seemingly nothing, it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Loki Whump
Loki Needs a Hug
Thor Needs A Hug Too
Protective Thor
Thor Is a Good Bro
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Psychological Trauma
Sensory Deprivation
Physical Disability
Fluff and Angst
Brotherly Affection
Flashbacks
Loki's Lips Sewn Shut

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Avengers Team

