Chapter 1: Pokerface
    




Chapter Text




The first thing Darcy did when she woke up was think Shit, how much did I drink?Then she registered that her hands were chained and pulled up over her head and she her wrists really hurt from supporting all of her weight and she switched to Shit, did I get roofied?Through the pounding in her head and the ache in her arms – not to mention the nausea that felt like something with tentacles was rolling around in her gut – it actually took her a few minutes to remember that she wasn’t a student at Culver anymore, so this wasn’t just some frat party gone horribly wrong. She let her eyes fall closed again, because the fluorescent lighting in whatever torture warehouse place she was in was pissing her off, and because maybe a little bit of SHIELD training was starting to bubble up in her brain, and she was pretty sure in situations like this she was supposed to pretend she was still unconscious so that maybe she could overhear her crazy kidnappers talking or something.Okay, lady, she coached herself, let’s take this one step at a time.She was Darcy Lewis. Following the attack on New York City by actual space aliens, she was forced into working for SHIELD because she knew too much to be allowed to wander around by herself, all kidnap-able and stuff. (Or so they said – she was thirty percent sure that they thought she might be dumb enough to brag about tazing Thor. Which, she would totally brag about tazing Thor, but only to people who already knew about Thor, Jesus Christ.) She went through SHIELD basic training, which sucked because they made her run a lot and running with big tits was harder than anyone without big tits could imagine, and then promptly stuck her in the science department as a liaison/assistant to Jane Foster, Tony Stark, and Bruce Banner.Or as she liked to call them, the Science Sisters.She mostly cleaned up after them and got coffee, but whatever, she got to hang out in Avengers Tower because Tony refused to do science in the SHIELD facilities and she got paid like a million times more than she would in any other job where she’d have to do actual work, so that was something. Also, Tony gave extravagant presents to make up for the times when he was a douche canoe (which was often) and Bruce Banner was the kind of older professor with glasses and fluffy hair and rumpled everything that Darcy could really see herself doing some extra credit with. She’d never actually go there though, dude was a genius and all sophisticated and shit and he’d probably laugh at her, or be like, so offended at her crush on him that he’d turn into the Hulk and pancake her.Jane was, of course, Jane, Darcy’s absentminded, slightly manic boss turned friend.But none of that was the point. The point was that Darcy hadn’t gone drinking last night. So she hadn’t been roofied. She’d been on her way home to her little shoebox of a SHIELD assigned apartment and then… nothing. She remembered a pain in her neck, wondering what the fuck was going on, and then everything went black.Okay. Okay so.So.She was probably drugged. Pain in the neck was like… a syringe or something. She felt hung over, so yeah. Drugged. And now she was hanging out in a warehouse. Literally.Badump tish.Wow, tough crowd, she thought, aware that she might be cracking up. Just a little. She pushed her panic away as best she could. She could totally flip her shit later and like, cry on Thor because he gave the best hugs and he’d take her flying and she’d make Tony buy her a pony. Tony would buy her all the ponies.With the promise to herself that if she lived she would own like an entire herd of ponies, she gave a firm mental nod and started pretending she was the Black Widow.This was a thing she did. She didn’t know the other Avengers as well as she knew Thor and her Science Sisters, but she saw Widow and Hawkeye and the Captain around often enough. Pepper Potts too. On days she needed to be badass, Darcy pretended she was the Black Widow. On days she needed to be a queen among mortals and also not kill Tony Stark, she pretended she was Pepper Potts. Mostly, it worked out pretty well.If I was Natasha Romanov, I would… Darcy slit her eyes open and tried to study the room she was being kept in, which wasn’t as easy as it sounded because light kind of made her feel like puking and her eyes started to water and everything was all shadowy anyway. But she knew it was a big open torture warehouse-y space, with vague shapes of stacked crates and shit making like a… torture warehouse maze.She couldn’t see well enough without her glasses (damn those fuckers, drugging her wasn’t enough?) to tell if there were cameras or anything anywhere. She didn’t see anything within reach she could use to get out of her chains, which were obviously pretty secure since she was fucking hanging from them.Okay, so she was starting to get cranky.She wondered when they would notice she was missing. JARVIS would probably notice, but he wouldn’t comme
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Hulk/Darcy Lewis
She Hulk/Hulk
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Awesome Darcy Lewis
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis
Avenger Darcy Lewis
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis is the She Hulk
Darcy Lewis Swears
Swearing
Romance
Character Study
Humor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Science Bros
Bruce Banner Feels
Hulk Smash
Hulk Feels
Hulk Talks
POV Hulk
Adorable Hulk
POV Darcy Lewis
Team Feels
Women Being Awesome

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Hulk/Darcy Lewis
She Hulk/Hulk
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov

