Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It starts with Shawarma.The teams' laughing, happy, and maybe a little exhausted. Thor is exclaiming about 'strange midgardian delights' to Clint, whose insisting he try his wrap, because chicken is apparently very different to lamb, while Steve picks uncertainty at the food, clearly unfamiliar with it. Bruce can be seen leaning backwards, a contented smile on his face - despite being surrounded by meat - as he chats quietly to Natasha, something about a country they've both visited in the past. The warm look of interest on the Black Widow's face fits her startlingly well, and it's possibly the first time Tony has ever seen her so laid back. Relaxed even.Tony feels content.Yet, his ribs ache in an unsettling way. He's pretty sure at least one of them is fractured, broken, at a push, but he was unwilling to get medical attention two hours ago and he's still unwilling now. There's something that doesn't ring right with white rooms and rubber gloves and the suffocatingly sterile smell of disinfectant, something that, if he squints, reminds him a lot of his childhood. Besides, Tony'll get better. He always does. He's great at bouncing back, at pretending like it doesn't hurt - he's had worse than a sore rib, right? Dealt with more than a few bruises and a shattered bone. He's probably overreacting as it is, even thinking about. Howard always said-Who cares what Howard said? Except for the whole world, the technological world, anyway, and the few million lives he destroyed. The countries he bombed to the ground and, sometimes, the countries he saved through having the bigger stick.But Howard said a lot of things, and what the World doesn't know won't hurt it. It even saved it. Tony had been ready to die. It kind of gives him a headache, and if he leans forward to rub lightly at his forehead, the spiking pain of his ribs be damned, no one comments.It's ten minutes later, when the rest of the group have gathered around one end of the table, drawn in around Steve to eat his Shawarma for him (and in Bruce's case, to watch it be eaten with tremendous enthusiasm by Thor), that Tony realises he hasn't spoken since he ordered for them. It's a dumb kind of feeling when he looks to his left and sees an empty chair, a shattered window and an abandoned broom leaning against a scratched wall, but no team mate. It's a dumb kind of feeling when Tony looks over at his teammates, no, The Avengers, and realises that, yeah. This might have been a one off thing.Tony would have died for much less.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Loki/Tony Stark (friendship)

freeform: 
Tony Stark Feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Community:Avengerkink
Fill
Angst
Lonely Tony Stark
Anxiety
Anxiety everywhere
Self Confidence Issues
in which Tony needs like x10000 hugs and a bandaid and maybe a better childhood
there probably will be gay
Warning: Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
OOC everyone
Eating Disorders

fandom: 
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Loki/Tony Stark (friendship)

