Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“He’s a big baby,” Tony growled into his phone. The rain started pouring harder, so he ducked under an overhanging sign as he continued on his way down the sidewalk. He had managed to escape the last debriefing of the day, and he was just about ready to start punching people in the face for no good reason; that was what Steve Rogers seemed to bring out of him these days – rage and uncontrollable swearing. “No – correction. He’s a big, stupid baby.”“Tony, you’re yelling.” Pepper sounded irritated, as usual.Tony rounded the corner, stomping into a coffee shop called Laurel’s to get out of the rain. He held the phone up to his ear as he paid for the largest hot chocolate they had on menu and then found himself a window seat while he waited for them to make it. He wrung out his shirt on the floor, trying to ignore the way his pants had grown skin tight. “He screamed at me in front of Nick Fury – about a fucking sesame seed bagel. Can you believe that?” Tony said into the phone, leaning back against his chair. “All I did was steal a bite and he almost ripped my arms off for it. A bagel, Pepper – he would have murdered me for a bagel. Tell me I’m not being crazy.”“You know how he is with food,” Pepper chided through the phone. “Natasha told you all about the steak incident for a reason you know. It wasn’t just a joke.”“I know, I know,” Tony groaned, shifting the phone to his other ear. The barista was kind enough to drop off his hot chocolate and a hunk of biscotti the size of his hand before slipping away; the fifty dollar tip probably had something to do with that. Tony bit into his biscotti, licking whipped cream off of the lip of the cup. “I think he hates me.”“Well can you blame him? You’ve told me that you hate him at least five times a week since you met him. He’s probably picking up on the negative energy,” Pepper snorted. “Look, I’ve got seven different meetings to get to since you don’t have the time – and we both know that’s a lie, before you start in with your oh Pepper’s. You’ve got a flight to catch tonight – remember? I don’t want to find out you’ve missed it – we’ve rescheduled the Tokyo meeting seven times already. They’re going to get mad.”“Yeah, yeah,”“Is there anything else you need to tell me about before I have to go? Because I can’t do anything about the bagel, Tony. You’re going to have to go out and buy him another one or something,” Pepper said dryly. “Maybe send him a basket of mini-muffins? He likes food. Buy him more food.”“Fine, I’ll buy the rude guy food,” Tony muttered, swirling his biscotti in his hot chocolate. The chocolate shavings on the whipped cream melted into a pathetic puddle of sludge; he drank the entire thing down in one gulp, ignoring the way his teeth cried out in protest. “You coming back for dinner?”“No,” Pepper sighed. “I’m not going to make it this week. Rain check?”“Sure,” Tony said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “How’s Happy?”“He’s good. We’re both doing fine. Have you spoken to Rhodey?”“A little,”“He’s heading back from his tour of duty soon, isn’t he?” She went quiet and then something rustled in the background; her voice came back strong. “His letter says he’s coming back on the fifteenth of May.”“Oh yeah?” Tony nibbled at his biscotti, debating on how best to demolish it without any more hot chocolate to soak it in. He wondered if he could get away with ordering a few more cups. “I’m sure I got the memo.”“Tony,”“What? It’s not my fault he’s angry,” Tony muttered, biting the biscotti hard enough to make his jaw ache. “He’s the one who wanted to take War Machine out for a test spin without consulting me.”“You told him it was fine,”“Well it wasn’t,” Tony said, dropping the remainder of his biscotti onto his plate. “He should have talked with me.”“Oh honey, he did talk with you. He didn’t go behind your back to talk to Fury because he was being a jerk – he talked with him because he was worried they were going to screw you over and get you hurt again. He was looking out for you.”“I know!” Tony put his head in his hands. “I know he didn’t mean it.”“Then what’s the problem?” Pepper sounded tired. “Are you sleeping?”“Yes,” Tony lied, shoving his cup and plate out of his way. He sprawled over the table, closing his eyes. “I’m sleeping just fine.”“You’re lying again,” Pepper grumbled. “I wish you wouldn’t lie to me like that. You know I’ve got the nightmares too.”“I know,”“Alright – listen, I’d love to continue this, but I’ve got to go. You need to send Steve a bagel basket or something, and you need to phone Rhodey and talk with him,” Pepper said. “Do you hear me?”“Yes Mother,” Tony grunted, his eyes still squeezed shut.“Very funny,”“I’ll give Steve his stupid bagels and phone Rhodey. Fine. Do I need to go down to the office to sign papers or anything?”“No, I’ve taken care of it all. Just try and get some sleep on the flight, Mr. Stark,” Pepper said, softly. “Can you try and do that? I know it’s hard…”“I don’t want to…”“I know you don’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
transformations
adult becomes a child
Friendship
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
talking about bullies
talking about the great depression
child out of time
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Complicated Relationships
Getting to Know Each Other
Mentions of religion
Violence
mentions of torture
Mistaken for Being in a Relationship
LMD's
Violence against Life Model Decoys
hydrophobia
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Torture
PTSD
Flashbacks
Drowning
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Psychological Trauma
Medical Experimentation
Mild Medical Torture

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

