Work Text:
It starts with a sandwich on a Monday afternoon. Ham and cheese, to be exact. Steve’s not sure what brings on the urge. He can always eat, of course, but he’s not especially hungry right now. He is feeling restless, though, and has the strange notion that fixing a sandwich will solve the problem. Once the sandwich is put together and sitting on a plate with a few carrot sticks he dug out of the crisper drawer, Steve just looks down at it, still feeling slightly odd.
It takes him a few minutes to realize he doesn’t want to eat the sandwich. He wants to give it to Tony. It’s a natural enough impulse; Tony doesn’t eat near enough, and Steve’s been on a one-man mission to fix that ever since they got together about a year ago. In fact, he decides, the whole thing would look a lot better if it had a glass of juice next to it and maybe, if he plays his cards right, he can convince Tony to eat and drink something healthy instead of whatever he’s planning on eating today (coffee, most likely, and only coffee).
Tony’s in the lab when Steve gets down the stairs, plate in one hand, glass in the other. He has to do some awkward shuffling in order to get a hand free to open the door, but he manages it. Once inside, he sets the food on Tony’s workbench, far enough away that there won’t be any accidents of the spilling variety, but close enough that Tony can reach out and grab it if he wants.
Feeling obscurely better, Steve smiles happily. Tony doesn’t acknowledge him, just carries on with whatever it is he’s working on, but Steve’s used to it. Steve just goes to work on his painting in the corner of the lab Tony’s given over to him, content.
Half an hour later, Steve’s brought back to reality from that fuzzy world of art by Tony’s voice saying, “What the hell is this?”
Steve looks up, startled, and sees that Tony’s indicating the food. “It’s a sandwich,” he says, confused about what Tony’s confused about. It’s pretty obvious, really. Bread plus meat plus cheese usually equals sandwich in Steve’s world.
“Yeah, obviously,” Tony says and he rolls his eyes. “But what’s it doing here? I didn’t order room service.”
“I just felt like making it,” Steve says, which is the absolute truth. “Then I didn’t want to eat it and thought you might like it instead.”
Tony frowns at him. “You,” he says skeptically. “You didn’t feel like eating? You, who is always hungry and could eat a whole freaking cow if presented the opportunity?” His eyes narrow suddenly and he says, “What’s the catch?”
“Nothing,” Steve says honestly. “I just didn’t want it. Can’t a guy do something nice for his lover?” He very carefully does not say, ‘Can’t an alpha do something nice for his omega?’ even though he really wants to. He and Tony are so much more than that, more than instinct and the natural response, but sometimes Steve can’t help but look at Tony and think possessively, ‘mine.’ He knows better than to bring it up, though; Tony’s often contrary just for fun and if he knew Steve was thinking something possessive, he’d turn it into something Steve never meant for it to be, take control of the situation and make it a challenge. Tony Stark is no alpha’s omega (even if he kind of is).
“Sure you can,” Tony agrees, shrugging. “Now do something even nicer for me and come give me a backrub.” 
“Okay,” Steve says happily. Any chance to touch Tony is usually pretty alright in his book, and helping him in any way, especially physically, always makes something deep and low inside Steve’s belly feel warm and pleased.
The backrub leads to sex up against the worktable, of course, but Steve wasn’t expecting anything else. He just clutches desperately at Tony’s hair as the man falls to his knees and starts to nuzzle at Steve’s cock through his pants. And afterward, if Steve happens to leave a few bite marks on Tony’s neck while the man is rubbing off against him, well, that’s nothing Tony disapproves of, at least in the abstract.
 
The next morning, Steve gets the very real urge to cook French toast. It’s odd, but not that worrying. He usually just eats cereal, but if he wants French toast today, so be it. He grabs the eggs and milk from the fridge, the toast from the pantry and the spices from the cupboard and sets to work.
It’s not until after he’s finished cooking, just as he’s sliding the last golden-brown slice onto a plate, that he realizes he doesn’t want to eat French toast, after all. He wants Rice Krispies, just like yesterday. The French toast, though, he’s got something very specific in mind for it.
It takes him a while to find a suitable tray, but he keeps the toast warm under foil, so that’s okay. He digs through nearly every cupboard in the kitchen, looking for something, anything that will work. He’s very nearly about to give up and just use his shield upside-down when he spots what he wants: a folded up piece of metal stuffed behind a mountain of cake pans in the third cupboard from the refrigerator. Very carefully, he extracts it from its home an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
mentions of mpreg
Alpha!Steve
omega!Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

