Work Text:
Steve wasn’t exactly paying a lot of attention to Stark when they first met; he was a little more focused on the alien— he refused to call him a god— in front of them, who was playing possum and causing general mayhem.  In all honesty, he didn’t even realize what Stark had said until they were all back on the helicarrier.(And that was another thing: the helicarrier.  There were a lot of things about the future that made Steve angry, it seemed like, but this was definitely one of them.  Who needed a helicarrier?  And for what?  Nothing good, Steve was damned sure certain of that!)The thing was…For most of Steve’s life, he’d been certain he was going to meet his soulmate by pissing him off.  (Almost certainly a him, although the occasion of the WACs did cause Steve’s heart to stutter for more reasons than just the look of a girl in uniform.)  He was sure that the conversation would go something like—
 “Something something (probably something sassy), Mr. Soulmate.” 

 “Captain,” Capt. Soulmate would correct him. 
Because that was all it said:  Just “CAPTAIN”, all caps, no punctuation, in dark block letters that looked simultaneously angry and precise.  So he could be forgiven for assuming that it was a correction for a misapplied form of address; after all, it couldn’t be someone addressing  him  as  Captain,  could it?Aha.Ahahahaha.Life was very funny.But once everybody and their cousin started introducing themselves to Steve with just “Captain,” he found himself thrown into a perpetual state of panic.  He started answering back effusively—
 “Captain.” 

 “Commander Hill, it’s a pleasure to meet you.  I take it you’re in command of the ship?” 
He knew perfectly damned well she commanded the ship; he was just trying to stand out.But when he was on his knees in front of Loki, there wasn’t time for any of that.
 “Captain.” 

 “Mr. Stark.” 
On the other hand, surely Stark would say something if he were Steve’s soulmate?  Unless he was in the same boat, himself…Well, it would all work out.After all, what were the odds that  Tony Stark  was his soulmate?  He’d better  hope that Tony Stark wasn’t his soulmate, because if he was, there was an awful lot of grovelling in his future.  “Captain.”  Mr. Stark was at the counter when Steve walked in, and it was automatic to check himself.  Ever since the wormhole— ever since Steve had been  completely, totally, egregiously wrong about his fellow Avenger— Steve had taken pains to be polite to the inventor.  He didn’t feel any better about his conduct, and to be honest, Stark didn’t really seem to appreciate it, but it at least prevented a relapse back to how they were before, so Steve was stubbornly sticking with it.He’d also made a point of apologizing for his remarks.  Stark hadn’t seemed to appreciate that very much, either.“Mr. Stark,” Steve said now, returning the greeting as he stripped off his leather jacket.  It was chilly, but not cold, outside, but Steve always found himself feeling the effects of the cold these days, even as he knew that it couldn’t do any real damage to him that the ice and the water hadn’t managed.  He still found he always wanted a jacket for the trip from his apartment up to Stark Tower.Avengers Tower, now.He could never manage to remember that…Stark watched him hang the jacket up, eyes flicking from his chest to his face before he turned back to the coffee pot with a twitch.  “I wish you wouldn’t call me that,” he said through gritted teeth.  Steve scowled, then remembered, once again, his resolution to play nice.  “Why not?” he asked mildly.  “And what you prefer, instead?”Stark shrugged, hunching almost defensively over a steaming mug.  “Anything else, okay?  Jesus.  Mr. Stark was my dad.”  His mouth twisted bitterly.Steve regarded him calmly, and abruptly, like setting a dislocated shoulder, decided to try it another way, instead.  “Okay then, Asshole.  Did you leave me any coffee?”Stark’s eyes flew open, and he grinned, stepping aside and gesturing with a flourish at the pot.  “Coming in for extraction.  Brace for impact, Dickhead!” “Dickhead?   Seriously?”  Steve did, however, brace for impact, raising his arms enough that it was easy to lock them around the armor when Tony came to pick him up at about three miles per hour below mach 1.“Hey, if you get to call me Asshole, I get to call you Dickhead.”  Tony sent the comment through the comms, not the external speakers of the suit, which meant that their entire team heard it— thanks for that, Stark— and also meant that it was as if Tony was speaking directly into Steve’s ear.  He shivered.“Are you cold?  Nevermind, you’re always cold.  Don’t worry, we’ll be blowing things up soon, you can toast yourself by the fires.”  The nice thing about Avengers Tower— okay, one of the nice things— was that there was an open porch on the top floor near the lab Bruce and Tony worked in.  Steve had discovered it one day while waiting for Bruce to finish— the men regularly met up for lunch on Thu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Pining
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Bottom Steve Rogers
Awkward Conversations
oh boys
Gift Fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

