Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“New York!” Ron had exclaimed. “You’re not going to New York for a business trip and leaving me behind!” And so the addition of Ron meant Hermione, and then Ginny had become offended that she hadn’t been invited either, and somehow that had turned into Neville and Luna joining them and so Harry’s business trip had been extended into an opportunity for them to party it up in New York.
Or rather, his friends were partying it up in New York. Harry was sitting outside in a quiet corner of the smoking area, a beer in his hand, enjoying the sounds of the city at night. He’d never been one for crowds, and although he could handle them, he preferred the muted peace that night time brought.
He was, of course, rudely disturbed, as is the way of such things, but when Harry turned to look at the interloper seating himself beside him, he found he didn’t mind as much as he probably should. Tony Stark looked even better in person than he did on the broadsheets, and there was a cheeky glint in his eye as he turned to smile at Harry that couldn’t possibly be captured by any photograph.
“The name's Tony,” the man introduced himself with a smug grin. Harry snorted and accepted the offered hand, the skin rough with calluses gained only through hard physical labour.
“Harry,” he replied, and took a swig of his beer, glancing sideways at Tony, who was watching him shamelessly, an appreciative look upon his face.
“Oh British. I like that. What’s a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?” Tony asked and Harry groaned.
“That was awful.”
Tony grinned. “It was, wasn’t it? Okay, okay… do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in those green, green eyes.”
“Please stop,” Harry muttered, but he couldn’t help the grin on his face.
“Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?” Harry buried his face in his hands. “No? No good? But that was my best shot! Well, if you want me to stop with the chat up lines, then I suppose you’d better come home with me…”
Harry snorted a laugh. “Rather forward, aren’t you?”
Tony wiggled his brows. “I know what I want, and I’m not afraid to go and get it. I couldn’t help but notice you with your friends earlier. Thought I’d take the chance to come chat while you were sitting on your own.” Tony shuffled closer, pressing his thigh against Harry’s. The touch sent a flush of warmth through Harry’s body and he abruptly set aside his beer, not wanting to further loosen his inhibitions.
“Shouldn’t you be taking me out for a meal first?” Harry retorted as he battled with his conscience over how attractive Tony was.
“I can always order breakfast in tomorrow morning,” Tony said hopefully. Harry laughed, turning his face toward Tony’s, which was suddenly rather close. Tony moved the final distance, brushing their lips together. One hand came to rest on Harry’s hip, and Harry tangled his fingers in Tony’s hair.
“So that’s a yes?” Tony whispered when they drew back for a breath. Harry grinned and nodded.
He was abruptly pulled to his feet, and Tony entwined his hand with Harry’s.
“My driver’s just around the corner,” he announced, and led the way.
The drive to Tony’s excessively opulent tower was filled with heated glances and casual touches, but Harry refused to frot against Tony, in a car of all things, when they were about to be getting into what he suspected would be an outrageously large bed. He was proved right when Tony shoved him onto a bed the size of a room.
“Nice digs,” Harry remarked.
“I’ll give you the tour later,” Tony muttered, and fixed his hands upon the buttons of Harry’s shirt. Harry returned the favour, and if he used a little bit of magic to loosen the starch of Tony’s dress shirt, well, no one would ever have to know. The blue glowing light caught his attention, and Harry brushed his hand carefully over the arc reactor seated in Tony’s chest.
“It’s beautiful,” he murmured. Tony grunted and slapped Harry’s hand away.
“Let’s focus on you,” he leered, and Harry let Tony take the lead. The next few minutes was a rush of removing clothing and sloppy kisses, until they were both happily naked. Tony curled his hand around Harry’s cock and he sighed with pleasure. He pushed up to wrap a hand around Tony’s neck, bringing their lips together. Tony licked into his mouth and then trailed kisses along Harry’s jaw and down his neck. Harry groaned.
“I’m going to blow you, and then I’m going to fuck you,” Tony growled, and Harry thrust up involuntarily. “You like the sound of that?” Harry hissed a yes and collapsed back into the pillows as Tony began making his way down. Every lick against his nipples, every scrape of teeth against his abs, every soothing kiss wound Harry higher and higher and he thought he might combust from pleasure.
Wet heat enveloped him and Harry scrabbled at the sheets to regain control. “Tony!” he cried. Bright eyes looked up at him and Harry had to scrunch his own shut.
One slick finger slid into him, and was soon joined by a second and a third as Harry was gent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Romance
One Night Stands
Anal Sex
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Harry
BAMF Harry
Nick Fury Swears
Harry is a Little Shit
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Bad Pick-Up Lines
Crossover
Rimming
Top Harry
Bottom Tony Stark
Flirting
Harry Potter Raises Teddy Lupin
HP: EWE

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

