Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The rush of hot water felt great on Steve’s skin as it ran down his sore muscles. It had been a long and tiring day with non-stop world endangerment. Sometimes, he wondered why he chose to get back into this life. It was something that had been expected of Steve when he had been taken out of the block of ice. He hadn’t looked back since he was needed and with The Avengers, Steve was doing good.
Steve knew no one was in the building so he allowed the water to wash away the scents that he normally used to hide his own smell. His mother had taught him how to hide it under herbs and shampoo since he was old enough to talk. Back in the Forties, Omegas weren’t treated all that well and Steve’s mother had put her all into protecting him.
He didn’t know how to act like a regular Omega when the world had changed after he’d been pulled from the ice. The world treated them better in this new day and age; something Steve liked. But the secrecy he had lived with in his old life was hard to get rid of. He still masked his scent and had sworn the doctors who had seen him first to secrecy. Steve was almost ashamed of what he was if it hadn’t been for the fact he had overcome so much of what he should have been. Steve sighed and closed his eyes as he hummed a popular tune from his era. It relaxed him and distracted his mind from the lack of a mate.
Someone had caught his eye but Tony Stark was a playboy and Steve knew full well that he wouldn’t so much as look at him. Steve may have been fit, but he still had the slight build of an Omega and he resented it so much. No matter how much time he spent weightlifting, he couldn’t grow. The thought haunted him until Steve started to sing softly, a gift no one knew he had and why would they? The ones who did know were dead.
Tony was lounging around in the communal living room when the scent hit him. He sat up from where he had been laid out on the couch, watching some educational show Steve had left on hours before. His eyes dilated and he breathed in deeply, the scent filling his nose with cinnamon and cloves.
He sniffed the air, looking for all the world a wolf on the hunt. The Alpha in him was already awake and trying to take the reins. He knew this scent, it was so familiar, like a blanket he’d had since he was a child, but for the life of him he couldn’t remember where he had smelled it before. Not only was it familiar, it was amazing. Tony hadn't smelled anything quite like it before in his life. It drew him in and wrapped around him until he had no chance of escape.
He pushed himself off the couch and started down the hall, scenting the air as he went. The smell was coming from someone inside the tower, somewhere close. It was a distinctly Omega scent but Clint wasn’t in the tower right then so that was impossible. Tony, Steve, and Bruce were the only people currently at home and Bruce was an Alpha like himself while Steve was a Beta. So it didn’t make any sense.
Steve sighed as he turned off the water; he couldn’t continue to shower. He should have just taken a bath to relieve the ache in his sore muscles. The thought had appeal but he couldn’t bring himself to do it and settled for drying off. It felt nice not to cover his scent for once and to hide what he was, even if it did cause some conflict within him.
When he stepped out of the shower, Steve dried himself and walked out into his rooms naked. Whenever he had the chance, Steve walked around naked, loving the feel of nothing against his skin. It was his natural state, after all. Steve stretched to the ceiling, unaware of dark eyes that were drinking in the sight of his body.
The sound of water turning off startled Tony out of his daze and he jumped a little when he realized he was now near Steve’s rooms, halfway across the tower. He had no real memory of walking all that way, just that he had been following his nose. He looked around himself and found that he was right outside of Steve’s room.
The door had been left open and he could see right in. The smell was all around him now, sinking into his skin and mind. He really didn’t know what could smell so good but as he turned and caught the sight of a naked Steve exiting his bathroom, Tony really didn’t care anymore.
His mouth went dry and his cock hardened in his pants as he watched Steve move across his room, toweling his back dry. The movement stretched the muscles in his shoulders and back, showing just how muscled Steve was even if you couldn’t see it. Tony’s eyes roamed his body, watching Steve’s ass as he continued on into his room.
Steve sighed as he sat down on the seat attached to his bay window, his left ankle resting over his right thigh. He had a perfect view of New York at night. He sighed wistfully as he rested his chin on his hand. His blue eyes outlined every skyscraper as he wished his circumstances had been different. Steve wanted an Alpha, someone to take care of him for once. Unfortunately for Steve, the one person he want
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mpreg
Anal Sex
Shameless Smut
Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Thor

