Chapter 1





Chapter Text
   „If it's all the same to you, I'll have that drink now.“   Tony wasn't sure why he raided his alcohol stash for Thor's little brother, who had tried to conquer his planet not two hours earlier.He really didn't. But hey, it's not as if he was known for a clear train of thought.Loki didn't put up a fight as S.H.I.E.L.D came to arrest him. He was almost docile and let himself be manhandled by the agents who were sent for him.Thor was awfully silent, almost unbearably so. He didn't let his eyes wander from his brother, watched as the agents cuffed his hands together, saw how they put the muzzle on him.Loki didn't say a word. Tony was sure that he planned something again already.As S.H.I.E.L.D. dragged him out of the tower, the billionaire got a better look at his enemies face, and he almost lost his composure at the blatant loss of emotion on the fair features.Loki's eyes were blank, void of any trace of feelings, gazing at something that only he could see.And then the Sorcerer was gone. Thor excused himself to his room, while the others sat themselves on Tony's couch and relaxed a bit.“Shit, that was close.”, Clint said with a small smile.Natasha huffed. “It's over, isn't it? Be glad.”Bruce winced as he saw the wrecked floor.“I'm sorry, Tony. I know how much you liked the marble...”The genius shrugged it off.“Hey bro, not a problem. I just get Thor to pay for it. If it wasn't for you, his little evil brother would still be on his rampage and smash more than just my interior.”But he couldn't think about anything besides that really creepy look in Loki's face as he was forced out of Tony's tower. It was as if there was nothing left of the God, who had looked at him with so much power, with anger, and with annoyed arrogance before he threw Tony out through the window.The green eyes had been empty as he walked out of his door, and Tony wasn't entirely sure if his earlier deduction was right. Perhaps Loki did not actually plan anything. They got to bed early that night. They needed the rest, and the time for themselves. Planet earth was rescued, the Chitauri were gone, even if New York had been sorely damaged.“Jarvis, show me the recording of the arrest.”“Of course, sir.”Tony watched the footage again and again, taking in every reaction of his Team mates and Loki in and analysing it. He knew, he fucking knew, that something wasn't right.Because if the black haired enemy he fought truly was as ambitious and arrogant as he had sounded talking with him – okay, make that arguing – there was no way to explain this utterly human being who had left in cuffs and a muzzle.He needed a drink. As it turned out, neither of them could sleep that night.“I thought you wanted to cuddle up and hit the pillow?”, he asked his Team as he left his room.They sat on the couch – again – and were silent.Thor sat in an armchair, elbows on his knees, chin propped up on his hands. He looked very serious and it didn't suit his face at all, Tony thought. That face was made to look happy.Bruce gazed at the door as if it would come alive. Clint and Natasha leaned on each other, his hand gently stroking her hair. The Billionaire swore they were a couple. They were so damn sweet to each other.Steve just sat there, seemingly in his own world.Tony sighed and poured himself a scotch, before sitting down besides the red-haired assassin.They were silent a long time. “I will travel home to Asgard in the morn.”Thor's voice sounded nothing like he had before. There was so much sadness and betrayal in the big blue eyes of the Norse God, and it almost broke Tony's heart. Damn, he was going soft.But then again, he had a soft spot for big cuddly bears who could hold their liquor and fight.“I will take my broth-, Loki with me, and he will face Asgardian justice by my father.” He looked pained beyond belief.It must hurt to be stabbed in the back by kin, and Tony felt his own memories of betrayal rising.Obadiah Stane had done that to him, too.“Are you sure he won't escape?”, Clint asked.Thor nodded.“The bindings that hold him are distorting his magic. He can't flee this.”“I assume you'll take the Tessaract with you?”, Bruce asked and the God nodded.“Father will secure it in his vault. It will never cause trouble again.”Tony handed him his drink, and Thor emptied it without a glance. But he didn't breath a word of Loki's lost look. It was not his place.  They went back to their rooms as the sun rose, to shower and change. Fury awaited them at S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ, to get rid of the nasty villain who brought an alien invasion to New York.They packed up the shackled Loki and the Tessaract and were on their way to the Central Park, where the two Gods would leave.Tony couldn't help it. He stared at the Sorcerer, waiting for the piece to fall in place and understanding what exactly had made him so...so...... alone.Brown eyes never met green ones, because Loki didn't open them once on their way. He just sat there, bound and gagged, face blank.As 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki's Kids
Issues
Implied Mpreg
BAMF Loki
Depression
Loki Feels

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

