Chapter 1: Another once-off
    




Chapter Text
"Matthew! Wake up!" Elektra slapped Matt lightly on the cheek. "You have to wake up. The security guards are coming." She grabbed his shoulder and shook it violently."Wha-?" Matt slurred, trying to locate himself. Carpet bristled under his hands and head. The waft of harsh commercial carpet cleaner became near unbearable as he shifted sideways against the fibres.Elektra grabbed Matt under the armpit and tried to pull him up onto a leather office chair. He slumped across the armrest, but then his knees buckled and he slid back to the floor. "Come on, get up. At the very least, sit up," he was ordered once more. Matt grunted as he tried to comply, attempting to push himself up with the other hand.He finally made it onto the chair, sweaty and shaking with the exertion. Almost immediately, he felt the weight of Elektra straddling his lap. She gripped the back of his head, forcing his lips against hers. "They're coming now,” she hissed. “Here’s the line: you're drunk and we're a just an innocent couple making out in the offices. I'll say the rest."Matt groaned in confusion. Elektra. Why was Elektra here? Why was he unconscious in a corporate office? There was a cocktail party, but he didn’t drink more than a couple of sips of wine. There were corridors, a secret door… They were looking for something...Before he could come up with something concrete, two men with crackling radios and the smell of gunpowder stormed the room. Elektra let out a giggle and a shriek - the convincing sound of someone caught making out... if they were teenagers.The guards pulled Elektra off Matt's lap, eyes narrowed in suspicion."Get up," they ordered Matt. There's no way, he thought. His limbs refused to comply. He tried to raise himself, but his leg gave way and he fell back into the chair."Elektra let out another giggle, still playing the tipsy girlfriend. "He’s a bit drunk," she said, "but he's very rich." She swayed theatrically.The guard waved Elektra aside, and yelled at Matt again. “Get up. Or else.”Matt shakily got to his feet, holding on to the armrest for balance. He shifted sideways and found the edge of a table, on which he half-leaned, half-sat. His hand bumped against his cane, which was lying diagonally on the table next to him. When did he put it there?"Take off your glasses."Matt complied, letting go of the table for an instant to remove them with two hands.The guard flashed his torch in Matt's eyes to check for pupil response, hoping to discover that he was in fact not blind but one of the two people who had robbed the secret vaults within the Roxxon building only ten minutes earlier. Matt shifted nervously as the guard looked at Elektra and then back to Matt. Matt couldn’t remember exactly how he got into this situation, but he could sense that the guard was on edge and ready to lash out."Just a couple of drunks," the guard finally radioed back to the control room. "Go!" he yelled at Elektra and Matt, "get out."Elektra shoved Matt's cane into his hand, and lifting his arm over her shoulders, dragged him to the door, taking the bulk of his weight.They stumbled down the stairs and out the front door without further trouble. She shoved him in the back of an awaiting car, and he fell sideways across the leather seats. Why did he feel so tired? His head was pulsing, aching. Had he been drugged? Was he concussed again? He just wanted to curl up and be left alone. His face was uncomfortably smushed against the back of the leather seat, but it felt good to be horizontal again, so he just lay there and quickly drifted off asleep.Matt awoke when Elektra pulled him back out of the car. He didn't know where they were, and at that stage didn't really care. Elektra took his weight again and they half stumbled across the pavement. He recognised the smells of this particular street and he realised they were outside his apartment building. He stumbled as they climbed the stairs, leaning heavily against the railing, with Elektra pulling him up by the other arm. He was trying, really, but he was too tired. “Can I sit?” he mumbled. Elektra just gave him an even harder tag, snapping, “no Matthew, come on!”They finally made it to Matt’s apartment. Elektra gave him a slight push sideways onto the couch, letting gravity do the rest of the work. He rolled onto his back and could feel himself drifting off again, delayed only by a gnawing thirst. "Waaer," he slurred, and he soon felt a glass pressed into his hand. He tried to sit up, but quickly gave up. He managed a few sips, but ended up spilling more water on his face and chest as in his mouth. The glass started to slip out of his fingers and he braced for the smash, but just before he dropped it, it was taken from his shaky grasp. He felt a blanket drape over him and he gave a weak grunt in thanks, slipping quickly into sleep. The next time Matt woke, it was of his own accord. His muscles ached and his head was still pulsing with pain. He co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Elektra Natchios

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hospitals
Epilepsy
Medical Procedures
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Neurological Disorders
Disability
Art
Sickfic
Museums
Dogs
Depression
Blind Character
Sculpture
Seizures

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Elektra Natchios

