Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Discovery: A category of procedural devices employed by a party to a civil or criminal action, prior to trial, to require the adverse party to disclose information that is essential for the preparation of the requesting party's case and that the other party alone knows or possesses.
 The first time it happened, Tony Stark wasn’t prepared.Well, that would be an understatement. Having the goddamn alien God of Mischief suddenly materialize in the middle of a guy’s kitchen floor isn’t exactly the kind of appointment a genius billionaire-playboy-philanthropist type has entered into his Outlook calendar.The kitchen was a mess too, as Tony had just put a panful of eggs, onions, sausage, bacon, and cheese (cholesterol be damned) on the stove, and he’d left greasy knives, soiled utensils and discarded packaging in his wake. But, he didn’t have time to be embarrassed by his less-than-pristine cooking style because by the time Loki got through apparating, or whatever it was that he did, he'd made Tony’s previous mess look like the Royal Palace on inspection day. You know, what with the whirlwind of air displacement kicking up dust and throwing potholders, place mats and dish towels around like so much confetti.“Hello, human.” The malevolent sounding voice seemed to swirl around Tony's head, and then Loki stood there, tall and majestic in his leathers, his long ink-black hair settling softly around his shoulders. His eyes were glittering with intent and he had a slight smile on his lips.“Aw, shit...” Tony muttered, unable to take his eyes off a grocery list fluttering slowly to the floor. But then he got a glimpse of Loki’s eyes and quickly diverted his attention. “Well, hey there, Reindeer Games! It’s been too long, by which I mean, it hasn’t been long enough. What the hell are you doing here? And, I am armed, well, sort of.” Tony hastily picked up a slippery-handled kitchen knife, intending to brandish it threateningly, but it promptly slid between his fingers and fell to the floor. He dove to pick it up, but it disappeared. When he stood up, he saw it glinting in Loki’s hand.And, oddly, Loki handed it back, handle first. “This is disgusting. What were you doing, preparing to roast a boar?” He had a puzzled sneer on his face.Tony gazed at the proffered weapon and/or kitchen tool, and gingerly took it back. “No—I got a little nostalgic for my mom’s Sunday morning omelets, and I guess I got carried away. Oh, and why haven’t you plunged this thing into my guts yet, by the way?”Loki rolled his eyes. “Didn’t my brother tell you? I’ve been rehabilitated. I’m a good little son of Odin now. Certainly no need to stir up my father’s minions by skewering lowly mortals. I’m simply paying you what I understand is known in this realm as a ‘courtesy call.’”“Courtesy call. What the hell does that mean?”Loki took in a deep breath, letting it slowly escape between his lips as if he were about to dip his hands into something rank, and then he said, “I’m... sorry.”Tony stood in his typical cocky pose with his arms crossed, blinking at an unnaturally rapid rate. Then, he shook his head, a contorted expression squishing all his features together as he spat out, “Sorry? You’re sorry? For what, destroying half my town? For throwing me out a window?” He suddenly strode up to the god and got in his face. “Or, for killing my friend? Which is it, low-life?”Loki met his eyes, then dropped his gaze to the floor. “For everything. All of it. I know my words mean nothing to you. I know I am fully deserving of your anger, your hatred—and more. Even so, I wanted you to know that I no longer believe myself to be above you and your kind, or any other living being for that matter. I wish I could make amends to you and everyone I hurt. It is impossible... yet I wish it all the same.”Tony felt his fury rising. “Aw, poor baby. And, what am I supposed to do now, give you a hug? Tell you it’s okay, that that’s all I needed to hear and, woo-hoo, all is forgiven?”Loki shook his head tiredly. “No. I expect nothing from you. No forgiveness, no kindness. It was just an attempt to... offer something.” He laughed softly. “I have little else to give, besides my words. It is my hope that I can one day use them to bring forth something other than misery. This was... a start.” Loki drew himself up and Tony could see he was about to disappear.“Well, it wouldn’t hurt to lay off stuff like saying ‘lowly mortals’ when you’re talking to one of us. Just a suggestion.”Loki gave a wry grin. “Ah, yes. Old habits, Stark. Apologies.”And with that, he was gone in a whoosh.When Tony looked around, the kitchen was spotless. The mess in his frying pan was now a perfectly turned omelet that would have done his mother proud, and his grocery list was back on the refrigerator door.
 The second time it happened, Tony was drunk.Jane Foster was in New York for some conference or other and Thor had turned up at Stark Towers to invite him and Pepper to have dinner wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
frostiron

freeform: 
Slash
Mpreg
Romance
Fluff and Humor
FrostIron - Freeform
loki/tony stark - Freeform
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bottom!Loki
Complete

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
frostiron

