Work Text:
Steve Rogers should have known it was a mistake to show up at the dance hall. He had wanted to go in and just enjoy himself, maybe even learn to dance while he was at it. But the fact that he was a highly sought after Omega made everything worse. Steve couldn’t really enjoy the dance halls without some Alpha scenting him out and trying to impress him. It wasn’t that Steve didn’t want a mate, but he wanted someone who didn’t strut around because of how he seemed to scream “protect me.” It was frustrating and he had tried to explain this to his mother, but she just didn’t understand. Of course she had taken Steve’s status as a gift, Omega’s among males were a rare deal and considered precious. Steve had been surprised there wasn’t some law stating he had to be bonded by the age of twenty-one. If that had been the case, he would have ran. At least his best friend, James “Bucky” Barnes hadn’t sucuumbed to the stupidity that the other Alpha’s had. Of course, Bucky happened to be into females and so it didn’t affect him in the least being around Steve. Having Bucky around was like Steve having his own bodyguard. Most Alpha’s didn’t come sniffing around because they thought Steve was claimed. And it didn’t Steve bother in the least because he knew both him and Bucky were comfortable enough to allow people to think this. Of course it didn’t help that Bucky and Steve spent a lot of their time together. They had met and grown up together in the same orphanage. Steve knew Bucky was protective of him, being an Omega had only a little influence on Bucky. Having a firecracker for a friend was hard on Bucky, especially when he was an Omega getting into fist fights. It was against Bucky’s instincts to allow Steve to fight but Bucky knew if he took that away from his friend, Steve would never speak to him again. Right now Steve was trying to enter the dance hall but the Alpha blocking the door wouldn’t allow him in. The man had asked for a date and Steve had politely refused; well polite for Steve which meant he had snarked at the man. Most Omega’s were pliable and swooned when an Alpha paid them attention. Steve knew he was different from the others when he had taken his first swing at an Alpha when he was fifteen. Since then, Steve had scrapped around to be his own person and not let anyone fuss over him just because he needed “protected.” Genetics weren’t kind to Steve since he was only five foot five and had large blue eyes that took up most of his face. Steve hated his small body because of the attention it attracted. He only wanted to be normal and find someone not based on how well they could protect him; but how they spent their time with Steve. “Now come on, sweetheart. You know you want to dance with me. I’ll make it worth your while.” The Alpha suggested, licking his lips. The action made Steve’s frown deepen. He wanted to take a shower at the leer that was directed at him. At least Dames could boss the Alpha’s around and put them in their place. Hell, even Beta’s had it better than this. “I’m sorry, but I have to decline.” Steve said stonily. The excitement he had been feeling of finally getting into a dance hall had deflated when the large man stepped forward and invaded his space. Steve took a step back to get away from the overwhelming scent of grease and ill intent. Many Omega’s were taken advantage of because they followed the rules set down for them. But Steve had always ignored the rules, he felt they were unjustifiable and that no human being should be treated as though they were a possession. “Now come on. A pretty little thing like you needs a strong Alpha.” The man said in a low, husky voice. Steve wasn’t sure if it was meant to be comforting or if it was meant to make his skin crawl. He certainly didn’t want to stay around with this man lurking about. Steve didn’t take kindly to being called ‘pretty’ and ‘little.’ It was a pet peeve and he would sooner walk off a cliff than let someone speak to him that way. “No. I don’t.” Steve growled before pushing the man away from him and trying to flee. Bucky wasn’t there to save his ass today and so Steve had to make due with just himself. He had thought he was finally free when he felt a large hand grabbing his shoulder and spinning around. The expression of anger on the Alpha’s face was almost frightening but then again, nothing much scared Steve. He would deal with this on his own like he had many times before. Sure, he might walk away with a broken nose or a bloody lip; but he would have the satisfaction of knowing he had defended himself against an Alpha. What Steve hadn’t counted on was the fact the Alpha was almost as fast as he was. Years of getting into fights had honed Steve’s instincts to the point where he could dodge just like a boxer and come out with minimal damage. A fist slammed into Steve’s face and he swore for a moment; his nose was broken. But it didn’t stop him from fighting back. Steve wasn’t one who backed down, even if he wer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
ABO verse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega!Steve
Alpha!Tony
Angst
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Omega Steve
Alpha Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

