Chapter 1: The Bar of Ruts
    




Chapter Text
The heavy scent of pheromones, sex and arousal was thick in the air as Anya looked around and waited for the server to bring her drinks to her and her friends. They sat at a table in a crowded and nice bar, talking excitedly about Anya’s new job. An alpha came over, scenting the air and trying to get some attention from the excited ladies, and was shot down each and every time. Anya looked over the ridge of her glass at the most persistent alpha, one that kept coming back, each time more drunk than the last.“Say a word, and you’ll be on your back, your balls up your ass,” Anya said as the man touched her shoulder and Anya felt a cold chill shoot through her body. She had a hard time trusting alphas, her parents, both of them, had been alphas, and she wasn’t. And the result of that had been traumatizing.The alpha didn’t get the hint, and when he touched her shoulder again, trying to get her to look at him, maybe to get her number, she grabbed his hand, hard, dislocating several fingers, then twisted his arm around his body so fast she was a blur, and her hair swirled around her head as she stood up from her, chair, and in an instant, the alpha was pissed, drunk and pinned to the ground, both his muscular arms caught behind his back, unable to move and he let out an odd, pathetic whine as he tried to move, but couldn’t.“What don’t you understand? ‘N’ or ‘O’?” Anya asked as she snarled back at the angry and hurt alpha, who was putting out pheromones like crazy: embarrassed, injured, and angry. A few of his friends came over, but instead of coming to his aid, they laughed hard at him, and soon the rest of the bar was laughing or chuckling. The man was a grade A asshole, a regular, and caused trouble every weekend. The bouncer came over and escorted the bruised and drunk alpha from the bar and the bartender looked over, calling out to Anya and her table.“Next drink is on the house,” he called over and Anya raised her mixed drink to him. Anya’s friends were still laughing and the beat of the music picked back up and the scent of sex, arousal and posturing alphas permeated the air once again.“To my new job, and my new boss,” Anya said as she raised her new glass, the free drink, and her friends all cheered for her, happy she had finally found a job she might like.“So, have you seen any of the Avengers yet?” Pam asked right away and Anya looked at her, raising her eyebrow.“Wow, you didn’t waste any time.” Anya sipped her glass then set it down. “Nope, I deal with accounts. The Avengers live in the tower, but I haven’t even seen Mr. Stark. I’m too low on the hierarchy. I don’t even deal with Ms. Potts or Ms. Romanov. I’ll probably never meet them,” Anya said with a shrug of her shoulders. Working in the Avengers tower in NYC had its perks, mostly being near the center of the town, plus it paid really well, as long as she went through a lot of security and background checking. Anya had gone to great lengths to hide who she was and what she had done in the past, and thankfully, it seemed buried enough that she passed the needed checks and could now work for some of the most powerful people in the world. She had no idea how she got so lucky.“That’s a bummer. If you see Captain America, can you get me an autograph? Or at least enjoy his knot,” Pam snickered to Anya, and then laughed when Anya coughed hard into her drink.“Really, Pam?” Anya shook her head and laughed with the rest of the friends. They laughed hard, so hard it was becoming hard to breathe. It was very hard to breathe all of a sudden, and Anya set her glass down, trying to catch her breath. Something was getting into her head, a scent, it was overpowering and intense, it smelt bad like stale chemicals, and scratched her throat so hard it was like strep, or an allergic reaction. Anya took a sip of her water, trying to clear her throat and looked around. Everyone seemed to be grabbing at their throats, or heading for the exit, trying to get some air. A huge alpha, over 6’ tall and muscular, pushed on the bar doors, and nothing happened. He shoved and shoved, trying to get the doors open, but they wouldn’t give. The heavy metal barely moved, and it sounded like something was on the other side, trying to stop the door from opening.Anya opened up her phone, trying to call 911, but she had no service. But she had it less than a minute ago. A few others reached for their phones, but made frustrated faces when they got nothing, and a few alphas seemed to be losing control of their higher brains. In their anger and fear, they broke their phones into pieces, smashed the tables and started trying to break the walls.A new smell, sweet, powerful, and kind of calming and arousing at the same time hit Anya and every alpha in the room stopped and looked around, then turned slowly to Anya and Pam. They were the only omegas of their friends, and suddenly, Anya realized she smelt like an omega in heat, though she hadn’t had a h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Rape/Non-con Elements
Angst
Fluff
Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Knotting
Hurt/Comfort
Violence
Phil Coulson is alive
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
AU
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Nightmares
Flashbacks
Avengers Tower
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Chemistry
Attempt at Humor
Eventual Romance
Masturbation
Imagined Threesome
Torture
Branding
Panic Attacks
Secret Past
Bad Parenting
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega OFC
Past Torture
Near Death
Betrayal
Emotional Hurt
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Suicidal Thoughts
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Clint Barton
Alpha Phil Coulson
Alpha Sam Wilson
Beta Bruce Banner
Alpha Hulk
Alpha Thor
Original Character(s)
Original Character-centric
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Vaginal Sex
Attempted Murder
Major Character Injury
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Knotting Dildos
Wordcount: Over 200.000
Love Confessions
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)

