Work Text:
     Loki was beautiful. It was a well-acknowledged fact. In Asgard, men and women alike would moan in desperate need for the young Trickster Prince. Thor could hardly believe that Loki was his, after hundreds of years of desperate longing. At times he would wake in the middle of the night. He would turn and see the beautiful man at his side. His hair a mess of dark curls that pillowed his head and hands, his lithe pretty little body swollen by seed and Thor would wonder if this was but a dream. It would take morning light for Thor to realize that this was indeed reality. And Loki would turn to him, curse him for waking him so early and rise. But the sparkle of the ring on Loki's finger would settle Thor's soul, for though Loki spat "Oaf" and "I hate you." He still wore Thor's ring, which proved that at least for now, Loki was his.       Morning light filtered through the windows of their Midgardian apartment and Thor was yet abed. He gently ran a hand through Loki’s hair, watching him inhale. Loki was so at peace like this, Thor loathed to wake him when he so needed his rest. After all, Loki was now very far along, as could be seen by his taunt, ballooning stomach. His thighs were thicker, his hips wider, and the usually corded muscle of his body was covered in a layer of softness everywhere. Thor’s mouth watered just staring at Loki’s swollen body, the weight that clung to his razor-sharp cheekbones and rounded his face.     Loki needed to rest in order to carry their child, which had proven itself powerful with cracks of lightning and the glow of Seidr from Loki’s belly. But despite the rational part of Thor that said Loki was far too delicate and exhausted for him, Thor’s morning wood twitched with desire that he was determined not to act on. In fact, Thor rose from bed and, leaving his brother asleep, crossed to the shower.            Loki woke up slowly to a heavenly scent. His baby within his womb adjusted itself and Loki groaned, curling up around his belly.“Loki? Are you awake?”             Loki sat up, his black hair wild, his eyes still bleary with sleep and his bare skin glowing in the filtered light.“Thor? What time is it?”            Thor’s voice came from down the hall and Loki groaned as he stretched in their bed. “It’s midday, my love.”          Loki rolled his eyes and went to snark at Thor for being so sappy… and promptly choked on his silver tongue. His husband walked in with a tray, filled with food that looked and smelled delicious. But besides that he was staring at his equally mouthwatering husband.        Thor was not one for Midgardian fashion as that was Loki’s domain. Now that the days of their insufferable court attire was past, Thor had found a special place in his heart for T-shirts and jeans. Not that Loki was complaining about that. After all Thor’s ass in those jeans… well there was a reason he was pregnant after all. But Thor looked positively edible in a soft grey sweater, tan slacks, and soft suede shoes. His hair was combed back and glowing. Loki wondered if Thor could sense how predatory his gaze had become, because his glittering smile didn’t falter.       Thor walked over to Loki and sat his breakfast in front of him. A pile of waffles, apples and strawberries, and finally a strange brown and white cup. Loki reached for the cup with its odd green mermaid tattoo on the side. He took a whiff and moaned. Loki looked up to Thor’s sparkling eyes and felt a thud of apprehension. Why did Thor look so damn excited? “What did you do?”“Nothing, Loki. I value my life too much to tamper with your sustenance. The mortals adore this drink at this time of year, try it.”   Loki did so, tentatively. His mouth promptly exploded with warm, pumpkin taste and the soft tang of cinnamon."Ah!"   It was hot, and reminded him of Asgardian cider.“Thor, what is this liquid?”“The humans drink it in celebration of the colder weather and falling leaves. Tony Starkson believed you might enjoy it.”     Loki contemplated the Iron Mortal's motives, and decided he didn't care. He took another long sip and said, “To what do I owe this, Thunderer?” “Do I need an ulterior motive to spoil the one I love?”     Loki narrowed his eyes at Thor. The problem with his brother is that he was more nefarious than others gave him credit for. Who knows what those guileless blue eyes were hiding?"Considering I nearly scalded my tongue I would not consider myself spoiled."
"Brother please."
Loki rolled his eyes. Thor often begged him not to fight now. He missed when Thor would scream and fight and throw him through a wall and fuck him dry. Loki's face brightened. That gave him an idea...“Fuck me.”     Thor’s eyes went wide and Loki saw the sparkle of apprehension. Thor was definitely hiding something. For him not to jump on an offer to have sex with a heavily pregnant God of Mischief… when Loki had found Thor staring, mooning over him really at every opportunity. Of course he was too honorable to even think of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Mpreg
Sexy Times
Intersex Loki
Lactation Kink
Male Lactation
And Autumn
Fall Thorki
Is there any better type of thorki?
You Have Been Warned
Fluff
Loki still has issues though

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

