Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It took Loki exactly six months to escape his cell on Asgard.
The bindings wound in spidery gold threads through the thick walls and glass partitions confined his magic within the boundaries of his prison, blocking his escape, and while he could have used it against any who stepped inside, none ever did.
He had thought Thor would be the first to visit him, to beg for answers, for forgiveness, and Loki looked forward to laughing in his face, but Thor never came. He waited for his first visitor, but when he had seen none but the guards scurrying past the windows, his frustration boiled over and he blasted the contents of his cell with a concussive wave of magic until it smashed against the walls.
Soon his anger stilled, settling down into an unpleasant seething knot within his stomach, and it gave way to plots and plans and thoughts of escape.
With nothing to do but read the meagre handful of books he had been allowed, he had taken to sitting against the wall of his cell day after day and letting the spell that contained him seep into his skin. He could feel the threads of magic washing over him, impossibly complex and almost indecipherable.
Almost.
It took him 4 months to truly understand the spell and another two to find its weakness. When he discovered the flaw he stood up and walked towards the glass wall.
The guard on the other side twitched nervously, unused to seeing his prisoner approach. “Sit back down, trickster, or I’ll teach you a lesson you won’t forget.”
Loki tilted his head and grinned. “I would like to see you try.”
The guard drew his short sword, holding it out before him. “SIT down.”
“I think… not,” Loki replied, as he raised one hand and placed his fingertips on the thick glass.
The guard watched in horror as the clear surface began to ripple like water and Loki’s fingers began to disappear into it without appearing on the other side. He snapped from his shocked state and ran to the wall where he grabbed a thick, knotted rope and pulled it.
“Escape!” He shouted as a bell rang. “Prisoner escaping!”
Loki grinned again, up to his elbow in glass, and he turned to the guard. “Do give Thor my love,” he said, and vanished.
 
*
 
Before he left Asgard Loki visited the armoury and took the Tesseract, making it almost impossible for anyone to follow him. Odin would not be able to harness the dark energies without doing himself harm for some time and the bifrost was still far from repaired.
Loki was free. He could do anything or go anywhere he wanted, but he only had one thought on his mind: revenge.
 
He arrived in Midgard on a clear spring day and decided to find lodgings so he could rest before planning his attack, he changed his clothing to a black suit and cloaked himself in a spell that would make him invisible to the prying eyes of SHIELD as he walked through the city.
He found himself wandering in a vast park, lined by tall buildings, and soon he started to recognise landmarks. The lake with an ornate fountain, the brick walls, and the round metal plate where he had stood, muzzled, as Thor dragged him back to Asgard.
He could still feel the prickle of tesseract energy leaching into his feet through the thick leather soles of his shoes and he thought back to that day and the scornful faces of the Avengers.
He looked up, scanning the horizon for that familiar building and quickly spotted Stark Tower in the distance. He curled his hands into fists, squeezing them tightly in anger and started the long walk towards it.
He would have his victory.
 
*
 
He sought refuge in a tall building that overlooked the tower, easily persuading the woman who sat at the front desk that he should be allowed complimentary use of the grandest suite of rooms that faced the window that he had thrown Stark from. She had protested at first, but the minds of Midgardians were simple to control, and the spell he had cast would hold until he had acquired enough local currency to pay his board.
Loki spent the first few days resting and sampling all the delights that something called room service could provide.
After that he visited the ‘beauty parlour’ and had his hair trimmed, his eyebrows waxed and was given a complimentary head massage which he enjoyed immensely.
When he started feeling restless he roamed the streets and quickly discovered the easiest way to get money was a simple spell that caused a device in the wall to spit it out into his waiting hands.
He travelled the city, visiting restaurants, theatres and museums. He enjoyed the clubs and the dancing and music. He liked to shop and bought himself a wardrobe full fine tailored suits and handmade leather shoes, but eventually the time for him to take his revenge came and he knew he would face the Avengers again… except the battle didn’t quite work out as Loki hoped.
 
Loki traded blows with the Hulk while the other heroes attempted to overpower the giant demon like creatures that Loki had called forth through a tiny rift he had found in T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Marriage
Accidental Marriage
Wooing
Courtship
Community: avengerkink
FrostIron - Freeform
Humour
Humor

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

