Work Text:
Phil Coulson, Clint Barton decides within ten seconds of meeting him, is an asshole. 
Of course, at that time, Clint has no idea who the old dude sliding into the booth across from him, completely uninvited and also apparently immune to Clint's best death glare, is. He's wearing pilot shades inside, like an asshole, because that's what he is, and his suit costs more money than Clint has seen in one place in his life. Clint immediately classifies him as the next rich white dickhead to try to--
--Uh. The part of him that he tends to pile vast amounts of crap into to keep hidden, chooses now to wake up and poke him in the brain. 'Rich' and 'asshole' the guy might be, but Clint does not get a skeezy john vibe off of him at all; for a start, the dude hasn't even cracked a smile, let alone eyed Clint up like he wants to eat him (or vice versa). (That other part of him, the one that is well aware that he's a sixteen-year-old guy who gets hot at the mere thought of competent-looking men close to twice his age, sullenly demands to know why the hell not.) He also doesn't look like a hustler, or a white slave trader, or a drug dealer, or any other school awareness stereotype that Clint has managed to retain. Clint can't deny he's...intrigued.
The man watches him impassively for another long, long minute before his mouth twists in something between amusement and what looks suspiciously like disappointment. Clint spends that time defiantly eating his burger and fries, refusing to let the guy see him squirm and magnanimously not punching him in the face as that last expression registers. 
The dude sighs at last; the urge to punch him increases exponentially when he shakes his head before reaching up to remove his shades, revealing the prettiest fucking blue eyes Clint has ever seen.
He blames staring at them in self-sabotaging fascination for his distraction. That's his story and he's sticking to it. Possibly all the way to a juvie cell, because then the dude opens his mouth and says, in a voice that's the blandest of bland, "Mister Barton, I'm here to talk to you about last Wednesday night -- specifically, the events that transpired in the alleyway behind Big Joe's Billiards Hall."
The remains of the burger fall from Clint's suddenly nerveless fingers. He sizes up the guy again, perspective shifting rapidly to a tune of "Oh, fucking fuck" playing on repeat in his head. 
"I would advise against it," the suit says, but by that time Clint is already halfway out of the door of the diner, cursing his rotten luck. He thinks he hears another sigh behind him, but by then he's legging it down the nearest shortcut between dark red brick buildings and only has the energy to focus on speeding up. A cop. A fucking cop, and he'd been so careful; none of the thugs had seen him, he was sure, he'd been sure, why is this his fucking life.
He turns the corner again, thoughts on how to make it across town to the little corner he'd chiselled out for himself in an abandoned building, when he comes to an abrupt and unwelcome stop courtesy of a chest three times the size of his, which he runs full-tilt into. The fucker doesn't even sway, what is this shit. Rattled, Clint does the only thing that comes to mind -- he ducks the guy's outstretched arm and pushes himself off the wall, quickly scaling the side of the building to his right.
"Hey, come back here," the guy shouts. Clint is even more incensed when he catches the amused note in the guy's voice. He'll teach them to think of him as some cute kid. 
He's through the first open window he comes to and out of the other side of the apartment before the elderly lady can do more than open her mouth. He grins at her and winks reassuringly -- he hates scaring old people, and he really is only passing through; besides, not too many people could make it into this place through the narrow window without specialised equipment. The lady will be fine. 
"Thanks," he hollers breathlessly, and is rewarded by a smothered chuckle for his trouble.
Out through the window at the end of the hall, jump across to the fire escape the next building over, shimmy down the wall opposite his entry point, and Clint tucks his hands into his pockets and starts humming cheerfully as he turns onto the street round the next corner, good mood restored.
"Mister Barton."

God-fucking-damn it.

Being prevented from making it away by a hand clenched tight into the neck of his sweatshirt is just fucking undignified, and only serves to make him madder. The suit has one hell of a grip, Clint realises when he can't even wriggle out of the top to shed it like an old skin. 
"What the fuck do you want with me?" Clint growls as he struggles (because he is sure as hell not going to go along quietly). 
"Language, Mister Barton," the suit says, and Clint is so startled that he actually stops and stares for a second. No one else in his life has ever cared enough to correct him, let alone with words instead of a slap around the head --
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers - implied
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov - implied

freeform: 
early years
long haul - Freeform
Clint's life ladies and gents
Protective Phil Coulson
more pirate jokes than you can shake a stick at
The Avengers aftermath
Team
Level 7
Pining
Angst
Age Difference
the longest get together ever
Competence Kink
temporary perceived character death
Fix It
#coulsonlives
Don't Touch Lola
Fury is a dick
so much swearing god Clint
Clint's life with SHIELD
Geekery
sarcasm appreciation
Phil Coulson appreciation

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers - implied
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov - implied

