Chapter 1: Tuesday
    




Chapter Text
Bucky’s hand is trembling.
Ever aware of Bucky’s mental and emotional state, Steve eyes him with concern. Bucky’s time in Wakanda had painstakingly removed the last of the Hydra programming in his brain; after decades of Hydra brainwashing overriding his free will, he is no longer a slave. Even so, Bucky still gets caught in his own head most of the time. According to Sam, he suffers from good ol’ shell shock. But that isn’t right either—these days they call it PTSD. What is with this generation and abbreviating everything, anyway? Steve joked with him just last week that Bucky and Sam are frenemies.
“It’s slang, Buck. A mix of friend and enem—”
“I know what it means, you punk.” Truth be told, the term makes Bucky incredibly uncomfortable. His understanding of enemy is too steeped in blood and Hydra for him to ever be comfortable using that word as a joke, or to describe someone he cares about. Although Bucky and Sam don’t always get along, he really does appreciate Steve’s partner. It’s because of Sam that Bucky’s flashbacks have decreased in both intensity and frequency since moving to the tower. So if he still gets lost in his thoughts, swirling through his brain in a distracting, confusing tangle that refuses to come together, Sam just encourages him to have patience with himself. “Bucky, you’ve already come so far. Just take it one day at a time.”
Bucky knows that Steve and Sam have his back, and most often Natalia too. He also knows that their understanding and patience isn’t universal; things with Tony remain incredibly tense and awkward. Despite everything, Stark invited him to live in his tower when he was ready to leave Wakanda —“It’s really a public service; don’t want to leave Murder-Bot running around town unsupervised”—so Bucky knows that Tony has decided to put the past aside , at least for now. (Don’t think about Howard; can’t think about Howard.) He mostly tries to stay out of the other man’s way, and Tony does the same. Bucky does everything he could to give the other man some space, and they actually went his first month in the tower without seeing each other at all. According to Sam, the fact that he uses his assassin skills to benefit another person is a sign of progress, but Bucky has a hard time believing that anything from Hydra could ever be used for good.
Considering Stark’s opinion of Bucky, it comes as a surprise when he tracks him down in the common room. “Damn it Mega Man, do you know how hard it’s been to hunt you down? It’s a shameful waste of my Genius IQ, and my AI has better things to do than track your sneaky ass down.” Bucky just stares at him, not comprehending why Stark has sought him out after all this time. “What, are you nonverbal now? Wilson didn’t mention that in his weekly ‘How-likely-is-it-that-the-deadly-assassin-will-murder-us-in-our-sleep’ report to Pep.” Bucky’s blank expression doesn’t change; if Stark wants him to be upset that Sam is reporting on Bucky’s progress, he’ll be disappointed. Bucky is dangerous and it would be foolish not to monitor him.
“No response? Nothing? Tough crowd. Fine. I need you to come down to my workshop, now. That arm is a crime against humanity—” at that, Stark actually stops and winces, as if he has finally gone too far. “Okay, forget I said that last bit. But you’re living in my tower, and I can’t have you ruining my reputation with that arm.” Seeing that Bucky still hasn’t moved, Stark gestures impatiently toward the elevator. “Let’s go, Cyborg, I haven’t got all day.” And so begins Bucky’s infrequent visits down to the science labs.
Before his trip to Stark’s lab, when he was still avoiding the man, Bucky had stuck to the Avengers-only floors of the tower almost exclusively. He’s best known as the Winter Soldier, after all—the most terrifying and menacing assassin in recent public memory. His face had been plastered all over the news during the fall of SHIELD and then again when he was framed during the UN fiasco. He’s gotten used to the idea that he’s considered a menace to the public. That doesn’t mean he enjoys the fear he inspires when he runs into civilians, though.
The fear is pungent; it has a way of creeping through the halls like smoke as he walks, tainting the atmosphere and grinding conversations to a halt. It’s acrid and clogs his throat, choking him until he can’t breathe. Over time, he took to ignoring Steve’s blatant attempts to get him to venture into public places, and refused to feel bad about it. Until Stark. After Stark ambushes Bucky about his arm and it becomes clear that Bucky can’t just hide away in his and Steve’s apartment forever, he approaches Sam for help.
Utilizing some breathing and centering techniques (courtesy of Sam), Bucky and Steve slowly embark on short trips to the lobby. Once, they even venture to a Starbucks near the tower—though why people choose to pay that much money for a sugary caffeinated drink, Bucky has no clue. The future is strange. As 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Healing
Friendship
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
But mostly fluff
Canon-Typical Violence
Angst
Bechdel Test Pass
Female Friendship
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers

