Work Text:
“Good evening, my friends.”Loki’s always had a weakness for dramatic entrances. Well, technically, they had made an entrance and Loki had been waiting, lying on the couch, nibbling on some exquisite fruit.The reactions were hilarious and Loki was a friend of good entertainment.“You son of a bitch! You’re supposed to be dead!”“What the…”“How did you get here?”“Don’t move!”Shock, confusion and bewilderment. A feast. While taking another bite of that juicy fruit Loki watched amusedly how they instinctively went into battle position. How cute. Shouldn’t they be over this? He was lying on the couch, in everyday clothes, that should show that he wasn’t here to start a fight. “I am one of these creatures that are annoyingly hard to kill. Like you. Why don’t you take a seat? I’m here to have a little talk.”The Captain stepped forward, wearing the same look on his face as always and Loki wanted to yawn. No, today would be a start to their everlasting friendship. “There is nothing for us to talk about.”“Oh, come on. I’m your guest. Be polite. I was chosen to be the messenger, I didn’t volunteer. Considering our history I thought it would be better if somebody else showed up, but I got outvoted. Can you believe that? A bunch of villains and we’re seriously voting on shit. Democracy is ruining everything. I wanted to send Kilgrave, but you can’t get that guy to do what you want… Anyway, I’ve lost my train of thought. Oh, right, I am here to deliver a message. An invitation.”Sitting up Loki took in their reactions. Barton looked like he was ready to kill him. They would have to work on that. Or not. Doom wanted to kill Loki on regular basis and they got along perfectly. The Captain was distrustful and mostly confused. The girl was interested and the Falcon was looking at the Captain to find out what he was supposed to think.They would have to get new outfits. Seriously, they were looking ridiculous.“What kind of an invitation?” The girl was taking a step forward, tilting her head, but Loki was looking at her hands. Ready at any time to throw something at him. Voluntarily or involuntarily. Loki had done his homework, the girl had no control over her powers whatsoever. A diamond in the rough. Loki would have a lot of fun forming it.“Wanda, stay away. That guy is lethal.” Barton sneered, the Widow nodded and Loki was getting bored. “Little Hawk, if I wanted to gut any of you, I would have already done that. I’m here with the best intentions. The invitation. A handful of likeminded people and I meet every week to play a very entertaining game you call poker. A way to unwind after stressful days and to engage in interesting conversations and it is always very funny to see the Red Skull lament about the good old times.”The Captain flinched and Loki smiled. “Oh, he is very eager to see you again, my dear.”And there it was, the stern, unyielding expression. “Are you threatening us?”By the Nornes, this was exactly why Loki hadn’t wanted to be the one showing up here. The Kingpin owed him a drink. Or several.Putting away the core of the fruit Loki leaned back and crossed his arms behind his head. “Me threatening you? What a silly thought. I’m here to offer you a courtesy. Me and my… friends would be too much of a word… allies like to watch you and during the last week we became admirers. To a varying degree. I believe your work is very sloppy and lacks creativity, but Osborn is impressed. Whatever. Poker, cigars and cocktails. Next week, 138th Varick Street, New York City. We’d prefer it if you got there on your own, but considering your current… predicament… We might send you a teleporter. Which would be me, because as much as Doom and the other mortals like to show off, they are more or less useless…”“Wait a second…” Strangely enough the Falcon was the only one not too shocked to speak. “Did you just tell us where you guys meet? The place we’ve been trying to find for months? And now you just tell us? Are you crazy?”“By the Nornes, is it so hard to understand? We should have sent Mordo, he speaks idiot so much better than I do… I’m not telling you. I am inviting you. To… hang out. We took a vote and the majority was of the opinion that you earned yourself a place.”The Widow held her head up high and Loki would have to poison her drink. Yeah, that was against the rules, but hey, where was the fun in that? “Why are you inviting us? Shouldn’t you make your traps a little more difficult to figure out?”They were really trying to give Loki a headache. He was definitely going to complain about the voting process. It simply wasn’t fair that Loki’s vote wasn’t worth more than Doom’s. Loki was a god after all. “It’s like talking to Thor… I’ll try to use short and easy words. Invitation. We want to welcome you to the club, so to speak.”“Which club?”“It’s not a real club. Just a figure of speech. We like to unwind, relax and enjoy each other’s company. You’d fit in well.”Finally the Captain was able to talk again and Loki clearly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Heroes to Villains
Civil War Team Iron Man
Loki thinks Team Cap are villains
Humor

fandom: 
None
