Work Text:
Anthony Edward Stark had never been fond of the name on his wrist. It was a memento of a man long dead where he was concerned. Steven Grant Rogers had crashed his plane into the arctic and there was no surviving that; super soldier serum or not. All the years his father spent searching and coming up completely empty handed did nothing to resolve the fact that in his mind he had no soulmate.
 
The only thing the absurdly neat script on his wrist had brought him was misery and an absent father.
 
Of course Howard had taken the name as a sign that his old war buddy was still alive and spent his time as well as company resources searching the arctic. He never took Tony along, no matter how much he pleaded as a child. The way Tony had seen it as a child was that it was his soulmate and he should be helping in any possible way. He was innocent back then, unaware of the burden the name on his wrist would one day give him.
 
But Howard always left before Tony woke up and bitterness crept into Tony’s heart. He would always find some way to cover the name like it was some dirty secret. By the time Tony was seven, he was a master at hiding the neat scrawl on his wrist when his father wasn’t around.
 
Elementary school had been hard on Tony. All the other kids in his class had their soulmates names scrawled in their wrists in clumsy cursive. They would giggle during recess and show off the childish written names on their wrists and come up with ridiculous stories on what their mate would be like when they grew up.
 
Tony had been jealous; their soulmates were alive and they would find them. His classmates also had the ability to dream of what their other half was like whereas he already knew. It was kind of hard to not know living with Howard. This only served to harden Tony's resolve regarding that man. He wouldn't tell the other kids who his soulmate was when they asked because how could you explain it was Captain fucking America.
 
And Maria had her own problems so she couldn't soothe Tony like a good mother. It wasn't that she was a bad mother; she was just so caught up with her absent husband that she forgot Tony existed. Maria was too busy trying to garner Howard’s attention to even remember that she had a son who really needed her.
 
He had been left to his own devices since he was old enough to build his own circuit board and Tony was sure that was the only time his old man was proud of him. He knew he had always been different from other children and now Tony knew why.
 
He had seen the world in equations and science. Tony preferred engineering and his father had approved distantly saying it was a profession that would improve Stark Industries. Tony had heard the slight pride in his father’s voice but it wasn’t enough to cement the bond between father and son.
 
By the time Tony was twelve, he wanted nothing to do with Howard. Tony had a firm belief of who he was and didn’t need his old man to help him through all the awkward shit. Jarvis had been more of a father-figure and he was the butler. Tony was sure Jarvis had a small photo of his accomplishments if only for him to have it later in life.
 
At least college wasn't a complete disaster like elementary and high school had been. Tony had one person he could count as a friend, even though it seemed improbable that he would hang out with someone like James Rhodes. The older man had a sharp wit and tongue to match.
 
And he never asked about Tonys soulmate which was a plus in Tonys book. Even as they whispered and conspired in their robotics class, Rhodey would never bring up the subject of Tonys soulmate.
 
Of course Rhodey probably thought Tony's soulmate was dead since he never showed his wrist. Hell, Tony hardly looked at it himself so he barely remembered what it looked like.
 
It also helped that Rhodey kept the conversation away from anything soulmate related. Tony tried to pry but Rhodey would change the subject swiftly and  Tony would forget until the next time he brought it up.
 
Tonight, Tony was at a frat party and he was the life of it. The alcohol kept his problems at bay and he could forget the name on his wrist. At these parties Tony felt alive and that no one could touch him. He could play ignorant of the name and just be free of the burden he carried because of his father.
 
Unfortunately with drinking came consequences. Right now though, Tony was feeling great. The alcohol was doing its job and he couldn’t feel. Everything was a haze around him and when he saw the keg stand, he just had to join in. It was probably a good thing Rhodey wasn’t around because he would be playing Jiminy Cricket right now and try to take him back to his room.
 
The crowd was lively tonight, which was always a good thing for Tony because he just basked in the attention. Everyone knew he was a genius, how could they not? He was the youngest person at MIT and he milked it for all it’s worth; especially when it came to the ladies.
 
Even now he had a blonde 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Soulmates
Name on wrist verse
Self Harm
Hurt/Comfort
jarvis is a dirty traitor
Angst
Tony Angst
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
one rape joke

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Jane Foster/Thor

