Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He’d been in this room for a long time.There had been people here. He knew that, still, remembered their voices buzzing in his ears, fingers prodding, sharper things. Sometimes they asked him questions, or they had once, though rarely anymore. And not for a while. They’d been gone for a while.He kept still, though. Waiting. Eventually they would be back. They always were.The dark was a respite at first, from the light always blazing in his eyes, but now it was beginning to gnaw at him, eating away at his edges. He could barely move, limited by the heavy chains now chafing on his skin. Hunger had started to gnaw at his stomach, and the thirst was an old friend. He bit the inside of his mouth until blood trickled down his throat, but it didn’t ease either.He wondered how long he’d been here. Maybe forever. He didn’t remember a time when he hadn’t been, when his world hadn’t been light and needles and pain. Sometimes he thought…but they were more dreams than anything else, and even those flashes were fading. Everything getting swallowed up in the thud of his own heart. Or maybe not his own. Maybe he’d been swallowed by some great beast and was listening to its heartbeat.He’d been in this dark a long time and he was starting to wonder if he’d imagined all of it, and it was just him and that heartbeat. Thud. Thud. Thud.Not a beast, he realized. A tomb. They’ve buried me alive.He didn’t remember starting to scream, but the noise was a relief, echoing, echoing, echoing.The dark closed in.
The bunker was old, but not quite old enough, and looking closely at the door Steve could see signs that it had been opened relatively recently. “Sam,” he called over his shoulder. “Got one.”Sam trudged over from where he’d been examining another building, eyed the door, and nodded. “Still occupied, you think?” He asked, grin a little crooked. Steve wasn’t sure whether he wanted to say I hope so or the less honest, smarter answer.“I guess we’ll find out,” he said, pulling the shield off his back and targeting the lock with it, breaking it with a single strike.Two weeks of searching, of following leads in the file Natasha had left him and information that SHIELD had left as well. Trying to find Bucky, trying to figure out what had been done to him, trying to make sure HYDRA was gone, and not just submerged again. Two weeks of dead ends. Steve was starting to feel a little frustrated.The lights weren’t out and the air that blew out from the bunker was cold, but Steve was cautious edging inside anyway, keeping his head cocked. A few of these empty bunkers had been rigged, and it was only a few days ago that Sam had narrowly pulled him out of one before it exploded. The whole building was empty, though, and when Steve turned on the flickering lights, everything looked thoroughly abandoned.“Must’ve bugged out,” Sam said, and if he didn’t sound disappointed Steve could hear the sympathy in his voice. His shoulders slumped.“Looks like. Maybe they left something, though. Might as well look around.”They poked around the inside, but HYDRA had been thorough. No scraps of paper, nothing, and Steve was almost ready to admit defeat and leave this place behind as another dead end when Sam called him over. “Hey, Steve. Come look at this.”Sam was standing in front of another door, this one not just padlocked shut. It looked like someone had put cement around the sides of it, and not a while ago. Recently. Steve frowned.“Looks like they were trying to hide something fast,” Sam said. “Another room, maybe?”Like a room with a cryo-chamber, maybe. Or files that would tell him what HYDRA had done to his friend, and how Steve could get him back. “Maybe,” he said. And rolled his shoulders back. “Well, anything that HYDRA’s trying to bury…”“Probably needs digging up,” Sam finished. “Go at it, Captain.”Steve set to chipping at the cement with his shield, slamming it into the fresh layer until he suspected it was sufficiently weakened. Then he backed up, braced himself, and rammed into the door.It burst inwards with the loud cracking of stone, and a wave of fetid air rolled out, stinking of old blood and death. Steve flinched physically back from it, and Sam’s face froze. “That don’t seem so good,” he said, under his breath. Steve peered into the dark, trying to pierce it with his eyes.He thought he heard something, maybe, very faintly.“Sam,” he said, simply, tensely, and reached in, groping for a light, shield up. He found the switch eventually, and flicked it up.Silence except for the hum of the lights. The room was small, just big enough for something like a dentist’s chair with added restraints. There was a refrigerator in the corner, no longer running, and a complicated apparatus above the chair that Steve didn’t want to look at too closely. But nothing living. Sam went over to the refrigerator and opened it, then shut it.“About ten pints of blood,” Sam said, his voice grim. “Too much for one person to give and be alive. Look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Loki & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Loki & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Work In Progress
POV Steve Rogers
Hurt Loki
Injury
Aftermath of Torture
Past Torture
Implied/Referenced Torture
Loki's a goddamn mess
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
this being me might end up slashy
Recovery
Damaged People Helping Each Other
Damaged People Also Not Helping Each Other
weird friendships
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Dysfunctional Relationships
Emotions everywhere
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Self-Harm

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Loki & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Loki & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

