Chapter 1: Thanos
    




Chapter Text
Whenever Tony Stark was asked how he'd spend the last hour of his life—which was weirdly far too often these days—nine times out of ten his reply was "having sex". At least half of those times, he didn't mean it, but people didn't usually want to hear him bemoaning his lost chances with Pepper or all the wrong choices he'd made with the Avengers. Being scandalous suited him far too much, even after he tried to clean up his act post-Ultron and all that mess with the Accords.That being said, he didn't actually expect this was exactly what would happen. Usually, supervillains didn't conveniently give you an hour to wrap up your unfinished business, say your goodbyes, and fit in a quickie, just for kicks. But Tony had always been different, for his sins.It went like this. After Cap left him alone and abandoned in Siberia (and no, siree, that wasn't him feeling bad for himself, he was totally over it), he'd pretty much figured that the Avengers were through. It didn't take a genius to figure it out. In truth, it was almost laughable. Steve had said in his letter that the Avengers mostly belonged to Tony but he'd taken three quarters of the team with him when he'd left, so yeah... Funny. Not.Whatever the case, Tony had resigned himself to handling things with the Accords on his own, and he did exactly that. He stashed the phone and didn't look at it as he fought Ross every step of the way without trying to make it obvious. He knew exactly where Steve had gone, but whenever he saw T'Challa, he studiously didn't mention it at all.He was making some headway and had gotten the Accords in a reasonable place. And then, there was the second alien invasion.By now, Tony realized all too well that Wanda had played on his worst fear during Ultron, but it had still been a warranted fear—as was proven by the fact that one day, alien ships started streaming in, darkening the skies, like something straight out from Tony's nightmare.With shaky fingers, Tony picked up the phone and dialed. No one answered—communication satelites were already screwed up. Great.Fortunately, Cap had seen the writing on the wall too—by then, it was so glaring it could have been written in neon letters the size of a planet—and they managed to meet up anyway.They picked up Thor somewhere along the way too, and his crazy brother was with him. Thor was the one who explained the big bad they were fighting this time around was actually the mastermind behind the original Chitauri invasion. And Tony had always suspected there was more to all that mess than had met the eye—Loki had given in far too easily after Bruce had kicked him around—but sometimes, he really hated being proven right.Thor also brought a whole bunch of other Aesir with him—appropriately clad with their own wacky helmets and medieval-like weaponry—and the backup was much appreciated. And so, the Avengers: Extended Edition (TM pending) were back together (sort of) to fight Thanos the guy who had more romance problems than Tony. The Aesir's presence aside, the situation was predictably awkward since this was the first time Tony had even seen Steve since they'd almost killed each other in Siberia, and Barnes was there too. Steve deliberately walked in front of Barnes expected Tony to blow Barnes's arm off all over again (which, he had to point out, had not even been on purpose the first time around, but eh... details).Tony gave him an unimpressed look and tossed him his shield. "Come on, Capsicle. Looks like we've got a job to do. And you did say we'd do this together."It was as close to an "I-told-you-so" as he would allow himself, and Steve let it go—although Tony doubted it went over his head. By the time they'd gone their separate ways, Tony had learned Cap tended to exagerate how far out of touch he was with present day stuff whenever he wanted to ignore something—which, when it came to Tony, was often.Tony didn't have much hope of surviving this, but he fought regardless. He fought savagely, helped people, protected his team with everything he had.In the end, it was what brought with to getting trapped in the belly of a collapsed alien ship—together with James Barnes.The vessel was one of the motherships that they'd been struggling to take down. In the end, Tony had teamed up with Doctor Doom, and that had worked out—Tony was gaining new respect for the supervillian, which would have worried him if he hadn't had more pressing things to be concerned about. As it was, he'd been caught in the fallout. At least two buildings had fallen on top of the vessel, blocking the way out. Tony's power was running dangerously low—he didn't have enough juice to blast out. Barnes had been somewhere beneath the ship when it had fallen, and he and Tony met up in one of the few areas of the ship that had held.Everything was crumbling around them, so Tony was left staring at James Barnes while he also mentally computed how much time they had before they ran out of air. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Tony Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Reconciliation
Fix-It
i guess
BAMF Tony
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Aliens Made Them Do It
except not really
Angst
Poor Bucky Barnes
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark
Temporary Character Death
So much angst
Tissue Warning
Genocide

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

