Work Text:
Life came back as bone-deep cold and a choking flood of salt water.Steve gasped and flailed, running his toe into the bottom. A wave threw him forwards into more rocks, and he tried to catch hold before the leather and mail dragged him down. His gloved hand connected with something jagged and he grabbed on and hauled, pulling his torso up onto a ledge. Another wave roared over him, slamming his legs against the rough stone and trying to tear him free of his hold.Kicking down, foot scrabbling on the algae coated rocks until it wedged into a fissure, he waited for the next wave, then threw himself up the rock face. The water surged around him carrying him forwards, before slamming a log into the back of his head so hard that he saw stars and almost forgot to grab on again.He scrambled up again and hauled himself up onto the next ledge, away from the surf. Rolling onto his back, he stared up at the swirling fog above him and wondered what the heck was going on.The last thing he remembered was blood, pain and Sharon's voice sounding very far away, while the sirens seemed unbearably loud. He remembered thinking, I'm dying, and, Please, God, don't let it have been Tony that did this to me, then... red-black nothingness... followed by sea water.Steve levered himself up onto his elbows and looked down at his body. He'd figured out pretty early in that he no longer had gaping bullet holes in his chest and stomach. He hadn't noticed until now that his costume was likewise undamaged. He even had his cowl, which he hadn't seen since Tony arrested him.A wave hit the rock below him, sending a bucket of spray into his face. Rubbing his eyes clear, he spat blood and brine onto the rocks before rolling to his knees.He seemed to have come ashore at the head of a narrow cove. Cliffs of black rock lined either side, with scrub and tree roots creeping over the edges. The dark tops of the conifers faded into the fog, and he could only just make out the outer limit of the cove. The channel funnelled the waves, increasing their power until they struck the slimy ledges he'd crawled onto. Above him, the shelf sloped up to a small, driftwood-strewn beach at the edge of a forest.Gravel crunched under his feet and under the beached log he slumped on once he was safely out of the reach of the surf. He'd begun to shiver, and he could feel the metal in his costume leaching the warmth out of his skin. Pulling it off proved more difficult than he would have thought; the beating he'd taken in the water had pushed the mail though the lining and into his skin in places. Also, his fingers didn't seem to work quite right any more, and he couldn't seem to untangle it at all. Eventually, he managed to yank the whole thing over his head, taking his cowl, gloves and a certain amount of skin with it.Steve stared down at his chest, letting the mail fall from his hands. It made a dull clinking sound as it hit the gravel.He'd always had scars; even being a fast healer he still picked them up from serious wounds, but this was...This was incredibly disturbing.He could see a small circle of smooth skin on his right shoulder and another more ragged patch above his navel. They looked old, like they'd had a couple of years to heal, and the scars he remembered from before seemed fainter still.The healed remnants of two straight incisions started at his shoulders and joined in the centre of his chest, continuing down to disappear under his belt buckle. Tracing his fingers along it, not quite believing what he was seeing, he felt a slight ridge of flesh, evenly indented by stitch marks. He dipped his fingers under his waistband, finding that the line ended just above his crotch.They cut me open, he thought, his vision dimming. I died, and they cut me open.Then he threw up.He didn't have much in his stomach, mostly blood and sea water, and he wound up doubled over, head between his knees, retching weakly. I guess this means that my internal organs aren't in plastic bags in someone's freezer, he thought dizzily, so that's probably good. His brain felt a bit like someone had soaked it formaldehyde, though.He tried to spit again, but his mouth was too dry. Straightening up, he spread a hand across his stomach, trying to soften the burning pain. He hated being sick.Looking up at the fog, he wondered if he might be dead. Maybe this was some kind of afterlife. Only it didn't seem to be heaven, and, even though he'd made mistakes over the years, he couldn't imagine that he'd end up going to hell. If this turned out to be Valhalla, he was going to find Thor and have serious words.And if he was alive, where was he? This seemed like his Earth, but not somewhere he recognised at all. For that matter, when was he? How many years had he missed this time?He sighed and automatically reached out to run a hand along the rim of his shield and found only air. He had never gotten used to not carrying it with him, no matter how many times they'd been separated over the year
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Amnesia
Hurt/Comfort
Canada
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Fix-It of Sorts
Well and truly Jossed

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

