Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

“This isn’t great,” Natasha said, leaning over the table, paper in hand. Her eyes scanned the sheet.

“Tell me something new,” Maria rubbed her forehead slowly, hard, like she could rub the annoyance away. “We’re fucked.”

Nat glanced up. Maria wasn’t one for profanity on the worst of days. As head chefs went, she was probably one of the least foul in the business.

“We’re not super stacked tonight, not many reservations, at least,” Nat murmured.

“Yeah, but what about tomorrow?” Maria leaned on the cold metal and stared at her Hostess. “We’ve got that corp party in from Long Island.”

Natasha nodded. “Yeah, we need a replacement, stat.”

“Urgh!” Maria wailed.

“Good afternoon to you too,” came a pleasantly calm voice.

Steve Rogers was a godsend. Maria knew it, Natasha knew it, they all did. He was probably the most random of all their hires who evolved from being a kitchen liability to a server sent from heaven. He looked as chipper as ever, towering over both of them, yet exuding nothing but genteel friendliness as always. How this great tanker of a young man came across so small was beyond them.

He was freshly pressed, full black apron crisp over his white shirt and bowtie.

“What’s wrong, boss?” Rogers said, finally noticing the two women’s glum faces. “I’m not late, am I?” He glanced up at the large round clock hanging above the sink.

Maria sighed.

“No, Rogers,” Natasha said, standing up. “You’re the only one in this establishment that refuses to be late.”

Rogers frowned, “You make that sound like a bad thing.”

“It’s boring, is what it is,” Nat murmured.

“And extremely welcome and professional,” Maria added. Lord knows she wasn’t above appreciating her active, well-behaved employees.

“Carlson quit,” Natasha said, folding up the sheet of paper in her hand. “Bastard.”

Maria’s eyes snapped to her. “Don’t badmouth, Romanov.”

Natasha just kept on folding up the letter of resignation they’d received forty minutes ago.

“Dang,” Rogers said, moving aside so one of the cooks could get by. Lunchtime was quiet, thankfully. He blinked at Maria. “You got someone to work his shift?”

Maria scowled. “No. You know any Michelin Star chefs waiting in the wings? I’ve unfortunately run the gamut of everyone I know.”

“Which is why this place is so fantastic,” Natasha said with a small quirk of her lips.

Rogers nodded sagely.

“Ain’t that the truth,” Bruce piped up from the corner where he was prepping the dough for the pizza Maria had dreamt up two nights ago and had immediately added to the menu.

Maria rolled her eyes, “If you’re all done with the ass-kissing, we need to figure this out. Bruce, you know anyone who can fill in? Doesn’t need to be longterm, just someone halfway decent.”

Bruce shook his head, back still to them. “No, sorry.”

“Don’t make me bring my mom in here,” Maria sighed.

Nat sighed to match. “I’ll ask around, but honestly?” she looked at Maria solemnly, “It’s too short a deadline, you know?”

She patted Maria’s shoulder as she squeezed by. “Gonna go get the wine selection,” Natasha said, exiting the kitchen.

Maria rubbed at her eyes. Wanda entered from the rear door, a massive tray of shellfish in her small arms.

The rest of the staff would begin their sessions. It was going to be insane soon, and Maria was fucked.

“Um, hey, Boss.”

Oh, Rogers was still hovering nearby.

“Mmm?” Maria slid her mouth over her palm and rested her elbow in her other hand, arm across her stomach, and she leaned back against the counter.

“I might know someone.” He chewed his lip. “I mean, he’s good– great. Uh, but you know, not Michelin Star or anything. I mean, he’s not really into big kitchens like this. But he’s amazing. And I bet he could help. He’d want to help.”

Maria watched her head server waffle a bit, his hands flapping. He was truly precious in his own way.

“Who is he?” Maria asked.

“Uh, my roommate, Bucky. He’s always the cook at home,” Rogers chuckled.

Maria peered at him closely. Why hasn’t she heard of him, then? Rogers was up to something.

“He’s amazing. I swear. You should meet him.” Rogers rubbed his great big hand over his hair.

“Where’s he worked?” Maria asked. She wasn’t about to completely discount Rogers’ input because the guy was honest as all hell, but still. His roommate? Not much of a reason to hire someone.

Rogers’ eyes shifted, “Um, well, right now he’s working in one of the smaller restaurants on Brookdale. Not, like, a big famous place. He’s got a shift tonight, but I bet he’d be up to start tomorrow if you need him.”

Rogers was almost beaming with eagerness.

“Brookdale?” Maria murmured, still eyeing him. There were tons of restaurants down Brookdale. It was basically a bustling outdoor market with French, Italian, Asian, you-name-it cuisine. Some of the restaurants down there were decent. Riba was freakin’ great, actually. “What resto?” she asked, pushing on.

“Ah, a little place. Family-run. Called Yann’s. It’s flippin’ aw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Restaurant
chef bucky
Waiter Steve
Friends to Lovers
Humor
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Cooking
Chefs
Waiters & Waitresses
Love Confessions
Oblivious Steve Rogers
bucky is so in love it hurts
Roommates
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Slow Burn
Domestic
Family
Sexual Tension
Food
Masturbation
Beefy Bucky
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Happy Ending
Anal Sex
Pining Bucky Barnes
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

