Work Text:
“Wait up, Steve!” Bucky calls from behind him.Steve doesn’t slow down though his breath is starting to pick up from effort. He just jams his fists into his pockets and tucks his chin into his collar to shield against the cold night breeze. Bucky doesn’t even have to jog to catch up to him. His long legs eat up the distance between them until they’re walking side-by-side.“Alice wouldn’t know a good thing if it punched her right in the face,” Bucky says loyally.“Shove it, Buck.”It’s Bucky’s birthday. Steve had been hoping they would spend the evening after work together, just the two of them. He had planned on taking Bucky to Coney Island, and he had even saved up a couple of cents so they could go on a few rides and enjoy a hot dog each. Except Bucky told Steve he arranged for them to go dancing instead. Insisted, “You’ll love Alice, I promise. She’s a good girl. Tiny thing with the greenest eyes you’ve ever seen. Prettiest curls in her hair.” With all the praise Bucky was heaping on Alice, Steve wondered why Bucky didn’t just take her out himself. But Bucky wanted him to at least try to get to know her, so Steve slapped a smile on his face and resolved to make their night a good one.That went out the window when Alice took one look at him before hooking her arm through Bucky’s, nevermind that Bucky had his own date under his other arm. Steve can’t say he was surprised. He just shrugged and resigned himself to spending the next few hours hovering at the edge of the dance hall while Bucky took turns spinning Alice and Tillie around the floor.“Are you really that upset about Alice, Steve? I mean—”“I swear to god, if you’re going to say, ‘You should be used to it by now’, I will hit you.”“I wasn’t going to say that!” Bucky protests. “Come on, Steve. You know I would never say that. I just… You should have told me you wanted to leave. Why didn’t you?”Bucky didn’t hear it, but by some miraculous and cruel coincidence, Steve’s ears weren’t a complete piece of crap and he overheard Alice tell Tillie, “I’m sure Steve’s nice. He’s just… you know. Not that attractive. I don’t want him to think I’m interested in him or anything.”And Steve  knows , okay? That he’s…Not that attractive. He owns a mirror, thanks. It just hurts to hear someone else say it.So Steve pulled his arms through his jacket and got up and left, without saying bye to Alice or Tillie, or even Bucky. He wanted Bucky to look up from dancing to search for him. And call Steve petty, but he  wanted  Bucky’s face to fall into that wounded puppy expression when he realised Steve had left. Maybe then it would finally get through Bucky’s head that Steve wasn’t interested in dames, and dames weren’t interested in him.“I can’t figure out what you tell them,” Steve deflects, “to get them to agree to go on a date with me. That I’m a millionaire? That I’m six foot and 200 pounds of muscle? That I got shoulders so wide I can’t fit through the door?”Bucky gives him a pained look. “I only tell them the truth, honest. That you’ve got the most gorgeous baby blue eyes, and that you’re an artist that puts Michelangelo to shame. That you fight for the little guy and once knocked a guy out for disrespecting a dame.”“And you conveniently forget to mention that I also look like this,” Steve says, waving a hand over himself.“Hey, cut that out,” Bucky says sharply. “For the record, I think you’re gorgeous. Blond hair, blue eyes. Killer smile. What’s not to like?”“It kind of feels like you’re insulting me here.”“I’m not,” Bucky says. “I mean it.”Steve snorts. “Whatever, Buck.”-They’re back in their apartment. Bucky lounges with his feet propped up on a footstool, head tipped back over the armrest in a way that elongates his throat. Determined to have fun even without the companionship of their dates, Bucky had brought out a bottle of cheap alcohol. Steve had taken a few swigs, enough for a gentle buzz to thrum in his head. Bucky has the bottle perched on his thigh now, playing idly with the neck, circling his pointer finger over the mouth. Steve sits pressed into the other corner of the couch, trying not to make it too obvious that he has been sketching Bucky for the past half-hour.“I’ll teach you,” Bucky announces loudly.Steve hums questioningly, dragging his eyes up from where they were focussed on Bucky’s hands. “Teach me what?”“How to talk to dames. Romance them.”Steve makes a face, annoyed that Bucky is still going on about this. “You don’t know when to give up, do you?”“Reminds me of someone else I know,” Bucky mutters under his breath.Steve ignores him. “I’m fine on my own. I don’t need you setting me up with dames.”Bucky swings up to seated. “That’s because you don’t know what you’re missing out on.”“I think I have a rough idea. You only remind me every other day how good it feels to kiss a girl,” Steve says.“And it’s a damn shame you haven’t experienced it yourself.”Steve rolls his eyes. “I know your game, Buck. You use the same lines on every girl. You just c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-War
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
First Kiss
First Time
Hand Jobs
Insecure Steve Rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Mutual Pining
Pet Names
Misunderstandings
Friends to Lovers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Shy Steve Rogers
Virgin Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

