Work Text:
"What the actual fuck?" Skye scattered paperwork all over the place as she stood. "Alright, guys, I know it's fun hazing the new girl; you can pretend to be the head cheerleader and send me a note in class next. But this?" She shook a form vehemently and addressed the room at large.The room at large didn't respond, and no one else was present in it to provide commentary, so Skye's frustration went largely unappreciated. The paperwork in question was a new consultant packet, designed to provide limited benefits and membership in SHIELD. She'd scanned and promptly discarded the "Welcome to SHIELD" booklet, complete with photos from iStock of a deliberately diverse selection of nonentities smiling in generic boardroom settings. The various contact and identification sections she'd largely ignored. It had been simultaneously disappointing and intriguing to find that there was an actual box to check at the beginning for "choose not to disclose identifying particulars" and Skye wondered vaguely how often that box was utilized. (Utilized? Fuck. The bureaucratese was starting to get to her.) But this last selection of forms, she'd been informed via post-it, was mandatory. And SHIELD was so much more fucking messed up than she'd realized if this was for real.She gathered her paperwork in a pile and went to find someone to rant to-- preferably Coulson. He didn't appreciate a good rant as much as Ward did (well, Ward didn't appreciate a good rant, but she appreciated watching him try to sidle away) but he was a lot better at actually doing something about things.Except, of course, these things had come from him.Could he be hazing her? Stranger things had happened. Maybe it was May. There were clearly hidden depths beneath that casually badass exterior, and Skye suspected that a really twisted sense of humor probably formed one of the substrata. Maybe May was hazing her and Coulson was just standing around with his tiny grin and letting her because maybe SHIELD was one of those kinds of agencies and she really didn't want to know what happened in the executive board rooms.Simmons.Girl to girl, Simmons would let her know.___ Jemma Simmons had been elbow-deep in sludge all night, but it had refused to cooperate, despite her pleas, threats, and bribes.In retrospect, perhaps she didn't know what to bribe slime molds with. The dwarf bots always liked a little sweet oil just behind the rivets, and you could usually get them to straighten up if you used a sticker chart. Slime molds had little use for stickers, and sweet oil had been a drastically bad idea-- in retrospect.She'd just washed her hands of the whole affair (and arms, and the little wet spots on her jacket) and sat down at her bench to contemplate Really Quite Serious Affairs when Skye burst upon her."!!!" Skye said, waving a wodge of paper in her face, eyes bulging as she attempted to mouth words. Jemma recognized the symptoms from when Fitz had them, and she fished a mug out from under some of his circuit boards, filled it from the kettle on their hot plate, and held it out to Skye. It was stared at with some bogglement, until Jemma patiently tugged the papers free and pressed the mug into Skye's suddenly grasping hand.She turned away to read the papers, only mildly distracted when Skye did a spit-take behind her."That is not coffee," Skye rasped."Likely not," Jemma said. "But if I were you I wouldn't ask any more questions about it.""Why not?""Most people seem a bit put off by the answers. Aw, you know, you could just ask, I'm not threatening. Flattered, even. I just... I was kind of actually hoping-- can I get back to you?""What?" Skye stopped in the middle of tossing packets off a nearby cart, to blink at her. She set the coffee mug down as she did so. Jemma realized she'd probably been a bit less than coherent-- or maybe thoughtless, oh my, Fitz was always telling her she was being thoughtless, which was absolutely rich coming from a man who used to try to do sonic weaponry testing in the lab just while someone had some very delicate cultures going into the centrifuge and clean-up on that had been a bit of a mess and she was never going to be able to listen to Phillip Glass again, not that she had ever willingly done so.Right. Thoughtless."I'm sorry," she tried again. "That came out wrong. It's just that... I kind of need to reserve a space for Fitz, because we've been buddies a long time, and I really kind of wanted to, well... I wanted to just check even though I'm sure she's got Coulson down already, but spot two's open and, well, wouldn't you? I mean, you saw what she can do with those thighs."Skye was staring at her, and this time Jemma was pretty sure it had more to do with Skye than with anything she'd said. Because, well. Perhaps she hadn't phrased it at all well, but the sentiment had to be clear enough, and she'd known Skye long enough (it took remarkably little time to figure this one out) to realize she wasn't going to judge. And anyway-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
hypothetical future sex pollen
getting to know SHIELD
Humor
Paperwork
everyone wants Melinda Mays

fandom: 
None
