Chapter 1: Keep Me Safe
    




Chapter Text
“Lights!”The workshop flooded with light, burning away the lingering afterimages of jumbled nightmares and memories until all that was left was Tony, shaking and on the verge of being violently sick. Again.A soft whir at his elbow made him jump and flinch, which made You pull back slightly, splashing water over the rim of the glass he was carrying.“You,” Tony said, tension subsiding in a rush. “Thanks, buddy.” He took the glass carefully, tested it with his tongue to make sure yeah, it was just water, then downed the entire thing in one breath.“Sir, it might not be wise to drink so fast,” Jarvis said, his voice gentle and concerned.“M'fine,” Tony assured him, reaching out and patting You's strut. “I'm fine. I'm safe. You guys'll keep me safe.”You raised and lowered his claw in a clear imitation of a nod. Tony laughed the smallest, shakiest laugh he'd ever heard come out of his mouth, setting down the glass only to have Dummy shove a full one under his nose.“Yeah, you'll keep me safe.”He should have felt crowded, pressed into the couch with bots vying for attention, Jarvis everywhere around him. And maybe he did, but it was a good crowding, a crowding that made him feel... protected. Not a cage, but a fortress. A shield made up of his creations, that couldn't turn into a sword and turn on him.“If I may, sir,” Jarvis spoke up after a few more minutes and a third glass of water. “This appears to be more than the lingering affects of intense drinking.”Tony stiffened again, gripping the glass in his hand so tight he was kind of surprised it didn't crack. “Don't,” he said, in a shaky, panicked voice he barely recognized as his own. “Please don't, J.”“Very well, sir.”Jarvis at least listened to him. Stopped when he said no. Didn't force him, didn't ignore him and take, just take what he wanted and leave Tony a wreck and tell him it was an improvement, didn't- didn't-He dropped the glass and lurched forward, off the couch. There wasn't much left in his stomach, just water and bile, but apparently he couldn't even keep that down. Butterfingers was waiting with a wastebasket, a solid one this time instead of the mesh one, so at least there wouldn't be much of a mess to clean up.Dummy plucked at the shoulder of his shirt, whirring softly, and Tony just plain wasn't together enough to comfort him. He couldn't even convince himself he was okay, and his bots knew him better than he knew himself.Once he was done heaving his guts, Butterfingers set aside the wastebasket and wheeled over to the nearest workbench, sorting through the junk on it and coming back with a screwdriver. Tony took it. Having something to hold steadied his trembling hands, just a little.You brought him part of a discarded repulsor casing, and Dummy tried his best to wrap the blanket from the couch around his shoulders. Tony just sat there for several long minutes, telling them over and over how good they were and how proud he was of them. Jarvis didn't speak, but Tony knew he was there, watching over them. His creations, his babies. They would never turn on him.“I love you guys. You know that, right?”“Believe me, sir, they do.”Tony found it in him to smile. “What's with this 'they' shit, Jarvis?” he asked, absently fingering the bent casing. “You're included in that.”“Of course, sir,” Jarvis replied, and Tony could hear the warmth in his voice. “You should attempt to sleep again. Shall I keep the lights on this time?”“Please.” God, he loved Jarvis. Jarvis needed a body so Tony could just hug the shit out of him. “Thanks, buddy.”“Any time, sir. Good night.”  He managed to sleep for an hour or so before the nightmares came back, sent him to his knees over the wastebasket again, heaving nothing but empty air because that was all he had left in him by that point. No substance at all, just a ball of agony where he normally had a stomach, to match everything else that hurt and burned.You brought him water, and he forced himself to drink it, because who the fuck could stand to disappoint that face? Okay, the bots didn't technically have faces, but whatever. Tony couldn't. If drinking water made You happy, he'd drink some fucking water.Butterfingers brought a second glass, and Tony didn't think to check, he was always so fucking careless, that's how he got himself into these messes, and he panicked as soon as the vodka hit his tongue: threw the glass as hard as he could, listened to it shatter against the wall, watched pinpricks of reflected light scatter like stars across the floor.“Sir,” Jarvis said, and he sounded so fucking worried. “What can I do?”“Where- my booze. My stash, where'd I-”“The cabinet to the left of the fabricators, sir.”Tony turned, and sure enough, the cabinet was open. Butterfingers must've defaulted to booze because his creator was a fucking lush who solved all his problems by crawling into a bottle.He hurried to the cabinet, barefoot through a field of fake stars, and grabbed the first bott
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Rape Recovery
Hurt Tony Stark
Bot Feels
Bot Love
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flashbacks
Victim Blaming
Past Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
None
